Activities are also available for students to socialize with other international students.
Activities are also available.
Activities are also more successful when a network coordinator facilitates group planning.
Activities are also ongoing at the state level to improve infant immunization rates.
Activities are also team-taught when feasible.
Activities are also time-consuming, but well worth the effort.
Activities are also underway to improve technology.
Activities are also very diverse from Las Vegas type shows to watersports.
Activities are always free of charge and are offered year-round.
Activities are always practice oriented.
Activities are an important part of a healthy lifestyle.
Activities are an important variable because behavior is objectively observable.
Activities are an important way in which social and emotional connections are made in a new setting.
Activities are appropriate for age or skill level.
Activities are appropriate for both indoor or outdoor gardens.
Activities are appropriate for children of all ages.
Activities are appropriate for each age group and various stages of development.
Activities are appropriate for individuals, for groups of students, and for cooperative learning.
Activities are appropriate for school, camp and scout groups, as well as family visitors.
Activities are appropriate for second and third graders and high-achieving first graders.
Activities are appropriate for small groups or whole classes.
Activities are appropriate for students in adult education and secondary schools.
Activities are appropriate for the grade level.
Activities are appropriate for the learning characteristics of four year old children.
Activities are as varied as the volunteers themselves.
Activities are at a number of engineering buildings around campus.
Activities are available as a full or half day outing.
Activities are available as either group or individual activities.
Activities are available by category.
Activities are available daily, with special programs and demonstrations on weekends.
Activities are available for adults as well.
Activities are available for adults, youngsters, pre-schoolers, and seniors.
Activities are available for all age ranges and physical abilities.
Activities are available for all ages and interests.
Activities are available for children of all ages and their families.
Activities are available for each letter.
Activities are available for learners of French, Spanish, and German.
Activities are available for students at all stages of the learning process.
Activities are available for varied ability levels in integrated or segregated settings.
Activities are available for various ability levels in integrated or segregated settings.
Activities are available in all seasons at the Inn and throughout the White Mountains.
Activities are available in Flash format or as printable pages.
Activities are available in six age groups, including teens.
Activities are available with each topic.
Activities are available year-round.
Activities are being thought of that involve volunteers with kids in poor neighborhoods.
Activities are best indoor and outdoor.
Activities are both fun and educational.
Activities are both on and off the water.
Activities are both teacher directed and student-directed.
Activities are bountiful as is the fun and opportunities to grow.
Activities are brief and math based.
Activities are brief, focused, and repeatable.
Activities are capability.
Activities are child centered and therefore less behavior problems occur.
Activities are child directed and process oriented.
Activities are close together so driving time is short and driving distance is short.
Activities are conducted by players.
Activities are conducted with and without use of the primate thumb.
Activities are consistent with the communications plan.
Activities are cross-curricular with suggested extension paths by different subject areas.
Activities are cultural, seasonal, educational, and associated with holidays and current themes.
Activities are currently in both English and Hebrew, with Spanish being currently worked on.
Activities are day and night game drives, walking safaris, fishing and sundowner cruises.
Activities are dependent on leader direction.
Activities are dependent on volunteer talents available for the day.
Activities are determined, developed and carried out by the students.
Activities are developmentally appropriate and include virtually every medium.
Activities are developmentally appropriate and stimulate thought.
Activities are developmentally appropriate giving children the opportunity to grow and flourish.
Activities are developmentally appropriate to the level of the learners.
Activities are developmentally appropriate.
Activities are diverse and challenging.
Activities are diverse and range from exercise to weekly coffee socials to live entertainment.
Activities are dos.
Activities are easily adaptable from elementary to high school grades.
Activities are easy to figure out through experimentation and interactive instructions.
Activities are educational, charitable and social gastronomic events.
Activities are educational, fun and safe.
Activities are educationally sound, fun and girl friendly.
Activities are efficient.
Activities are effortless.
Activities are either free or else carry only a modest charge to cover the cost of materials.
Activities are either free, at cost, or subject to group rates.
Activities are endless.
Activities are enjoyable but designed to be educationally stimulating.
Activities are entertaining.
Activities are evident which link parents and the community to the school.
Activities are experiential.
Activities are extra.
Activities are fee and open to the public.
Activities are few here, but there are some nice photo opportunities.
Activities are flexible, customizable, searchable, and sortable.
Activities are focus on assisting welfare clients to become independent of the welfare system.
Activities are for a variety of ability levels.
Activities are for the taking, never imposed.
Activities are free and extra-curricular.
Activities are free and open to the public.
Activities are free and the public is invited.
Activities are free except for the carnival.
Activities are free of charge.
Activities are free unless otherwise indicated.
Activities are free with admission.
Activities are free.
Activities are fully inclusive.
Activities are fun and always have a clear communicative purpose.
Activities are fun and excite youth to do and learn more.
Activities are fun and exciting.
Activities are fun and geared toward helping kids gain confidence.
Activities are fun and safe for children and adults.
Activities are fun as well as educational.
Activities are fun, affordable, close to home and geared for people of all fitness levels.
Activities are fun, educational and age-appropriate.
Activities are fun, educational and challenging.
Activities are fun, educational, and age-appropriate.
Activities are fun, enjoyable, educational and safe.
Activities are generally open to the general public.
Activities are group studies, tutoring sessions, cultural nights and community service.
Activities are hands-on and packed with kid appeal.
Activities are hands-on with an emphasis on fun within a relaxed schedule.
Activities are hands-on, experiential, and designed for first through sixth graders.
Activities are hands-on, experiential, and designed for ninth through twelth graders.
Activities are hands-on, experiential, and designed for seventh through eight graders.
Activities are hands-on.
Activities are held on either campus and transportation is provided.
Activities are high in learning value and fun.
Activities are historically appropriate to the time periods.
Activities are important to build team-building and leadership needed.
Activities are important, but what really matters are results.
Activities are in a lull pending resolution of funding issues.
Activities are in either applied fields of psychology or in basic science fields and research.
Activities are in four major areas of perceptual, expressive, formal, and conceptual techniques.
Activities are in full swing with dances, movies, music, card games, crafts and more.
Activities are in full swing, and many classes provide outdoor learning experiences.
Activities are in terms of research, conferences, seminars, debates, workshops, etc.
Activities are in the activities folder.
Activities are in their final stages and championships are being determined.
Activities are in three levels.
Activities are in two different categories traditional and Unified.
Activities are indeterminate as yet.
Activities are inherently educational .
Activities are inherently interesting or innovative but lack reference to research-based practices.
Activities are innovative and accessible to a number of subject areas.
Activities are innovative, hands-on and fun.
Activities are instead an integral part of any quality educational program.
Activities are interactive and game-like.
Activities are interdisciplinary for middle school levels.
Activities are interdisciplinary, so teachers can satisfy a variety of academic requirements.
Activities are interesting and scientifically valid.
Activities are just a few dollars each and provide entertainment for the whole family.
Activities are just the right length to be thoroughly digestible.
Activities are kinesiology courses.
Activities are less structured and designed to help campers improve their skills.
Activities are low key and more social than just entertainment.
Activities are mainly badminton, with alternative activities of table tennis and pool.
Activities are mainly self-financing.
Activities are manageable.
Activities are many and varied.
Activities are many and vary according to personal taste.
Activities are meaningful and integrative.
Activities are metaphors Eventually, the discussion evolves into the importance of community.
Activities are more about being happy than about making meaning.
Activities are more diverse and engaging.
Activities are more fun when others are involved.
Activities are more social than just entertainment.
Activities are most successful and fun when adults and children work together as a team.
Activities are mostly for young children.
Activities are much more diverse.
Activities are multi-disciplinary.
Activities are multi-sectoral, addressing the totality of a child's needs in the environment.
Activities are multi-sensory and incorporate role playing, props, rhythm and movement.
Activities are national in scope.
Activities are nearly unlimited.
Activities are network based.
Activities are non alcoholic and smoke free.
Activities are normally within scope of own program.
Activities are noticeably abundant for residents.
Activities are now in course to assess and disseminate the lessons learned from the visit.
Activities are now in the final phase of the site removal.
Activities are now under way to bring significant reductions of lead in water.
Activities are now under way to improve water quality in the area.
Activities are now underway to curtail emissions and clean up legacy residual contamination.
Activities are numerous and there never seems to be enough time in the day.
Activities are numerous and well equipped.
Activities are numerous.
Activities are of a social and educational nature.
Activities are of interest and are relevant to young children.
Activities are of secondary importance.
Activities are of various levels.
Activities are of various primary grade levels.
Activities are often scheduled over the lunch hour so parents can participate.
Activities are ongoing all year long in Beach Haven.
Activities are ongoing and free to the general public.
Activities are ongoing throughout the year.
Activities are ongoing unless noted.
Activities are open to all ages.
Activities are open to all and interpreters are provided.
Activities are open to all enrolled students.
Activities are open to all home schoolers.
Activities are open to all members, but held mainly in Brisbane.
Activities are open to all nationalities and religious backgrounds.
Activities are open to all patients and their loved ones, as well as staff members or physicians.
Activities are open to all residents.
Activities are open to all students and faculty.
Activities are open to all youth of the parish.
Activities are open to all.
Activities are open to any student who is interested in the Hispanic culture and leadership focus.
Activities are open to anyone with basic skills in canoeing, and are suitable for any type of craft.
Activities are open to both declared and undeclared majors.
Activities are open to children age six and up.
Activities are open to class visits, organized groups and the general public.
Activities are open to commuting and residential students alike.
Activities are open to males and females.
Activities are open to members and general public.
Activities are open to students, faculty, staff, and their families.
Activities are open to the general public.
Activities are open to the public and most are free.
Activities are open to the public and resort guests.
Activities are open to the public.
Activities are open to volunteers of all ages.
Activities are optional and generally all men are invited.
Activities are performance oriented and often require theatrical movement.
Activities are performed by utility workers.
Activities are performed by workers.
Activities are play-based and respond to the child's interests.
Activities are plentiful and include many festivals, art fairs, and celebrations.
Activities are plentiful around the tiny town.
Activities are practical, short and easy to implement.
Activities are prayer, Bible story, and group discussion.
Activities are prayer, read and discuss Bible story, Bible story papers, memory verses, and snacks.
Activities are present.
Activities are primarily after work and on weekends.
Activities are primarily educational and cultural.
Activities are primarily in the Plains region.
Activities are reactive and unconnected to the overall plan.
Activities are reasonably easy to configure.
Activities are relevant to participants' educational roles.
Activities are relevant to the everyday experience of Aboriginal youth.
Activities are reproducible for classroom use.
Activities are rich in experimentation, data collection, analysis, and discussion.
Activities are safe, stimulating, and occur in an atmosphere of support and caring.
Activities are seasonal and training is provided.
Activities are service to school or community oriented.
Activities are similar to boarding camp, except that day campers only ride once per day.
Activities are simple and suited to the needs, interests and capabilities of very young children.
Activities are simple throughout the year.
Activities are simple, fun, and learning builds on previous units.
Activities are simple.
Activities are skill based with an interactive worksheet.
Activities are slash and much cultivation, hunting and fishing.
Activities are social and service in nature.
Activities are specific strategies planned to achieve theme and developmental goals.
Activities are sporadic due to extraordinary weather dependencies.
Activities are strategic, and steps are progressive, one step building on the step before it.
Activities are stronger, better co-ordinated and more constant.
Activities are student centered, interdisciplinary, and integrate real world issues and practices.
Activities are student-centered in order to maximize participation.
Activities are student-driven, and new initiatives are always welcomed.
Activities are students and teachers alike.
Activities are subject to availability.
Activities are subject to change at the professor's discretion.
Activities are subject to change based on hardware and software availability.
Activities are subject to change.
Activities are subject to program direction and student interest.
Activities are subject to review by the full membership at the next regular meeting.
Activities are suitable both for recreation and for rehabilitation purposes.
Activities are suitable for ages kindergarten through high school.
Activities are suitable for English, social studies and art classes as well as math and science.
Activities are suitable for group and project work.
Activities are sustainable which protect and enhance the ecological base of production.
Activities are sustainable, enhance a growing appreciation of our natural surrounds.
Activities are the actions taken to produce results.
Activities are the actual events that cause the objectives to be reached.
Activities are the building blocks of a process.
Activities are the catalyst for discussion of individual and team concepts.
Activities are the means by which the project objectives are to be achieved.
Activities are the means to an end, achievements are the desired end result.
Activities are the primary link in the chain through which results are achieved.
Activities are the specific program activities or tasks that are undertaken.
Activities are the usual ones available in the retirement community where they live.
Activities are time-lined and critical paths are delineated.
Activities are to be approved by their immediate supervisor.
Activities are to be completed within one year from the date the grant is approved.
Activities are traditional question and answer.
Activities are tricky.
Activities are typically fun things, such as games, crafts, outings, or hands-on instructions.
Activities are under the supervision of trained personnel.
Activities are underway in China and Trinidad as well.
Activities are underway in eight municipalities in four departments.
Activities are underway to automatically share e-mail messages.
Activities are underway to determine the exact orbit and attitude achieved.
Activities are units that are larger than task units.
Activities are usually appropriate and have a connection to learning objectives.
Activities are usually interdisciplinary.
Activities are varied and age appropriate.
Activities are varied and always fun for the kids.
Activities are varied and appropriately geared for each age group.
Activities are varied and divided among whole group, small group, and individual settings.
Activities are varied and exciting.
Activities are varied having both social and educational events.
Activities are varied to meet diverse needs and learning styles of students and educators.
Activities are varied, allowing students to practise using different learning strategies.
Activities are varied, allowing students to use different language acquisition strategies.
Activities are varied, and decided by group input.
Activities are varied, in line with the diversity of our residents' preferences and capabilities.
Activities are varied.
Activities are very limited.
Activities are water oriented and include boat trips and fishing.
Activities are ways of making human connections.
Activities are weather-dependant, as sap runs on warm days following very cold nights.
Activities are well-paced, educational, enriching and just plain fun.
Activities are what fill our time.
Activities are wide ranging but the ambience is laid back and over-easy.
Activities are worksheets and self correcting sites for beginners to advanced German students.
Activities are year-round for youth through adult.
Activities ashore are part of a yacht charter.
Activities Ask the children how the family prepared for the cyclone.
Activities Assess academic interests by taking a variety of courses.
Activities assist learners to identify individual values and ethics.
Activities assistant- assist librarian with library programming for children.
Activities associate with development.
Activities associate with growth.
Activities associate with phases.
Activities associate with population growth.
Activities associated with teaching or research assistantships also provide valuable experience.
Activities Attend a careers and majors decision-making workshop.
Activities Attend weekly three-hour class sessions.
Activities automatically adjust to each player's skills.
Activities based on good stories connect literature to other areas of the curriculum.
Activities become a more more important part of the individual's daily life and routine.
Activities become more challenging as children develop ability and control.
Activities become progressively difficult as they play.
Activities become progressively more challenging.
Activities begin at breakfast and go on until bedtime.
Activities begin at dusk.
Activities begin at noon.
Activities begin in late afternoon including rides, clowns and much more.
Activities begin next week.
Activities begin simply then progress to the more complex.
Activities begin upon arrival and a picnic lunch is served.
Activities begin with an orientation to the current night sky.
Activities begin with introductory exercises and become increasingly complex.
Activities begin with morning parade.
Activities being demonstrated include math, science, art, music, computer technology and more.
Activities Below are links to six activities.
Activities Brainstorm questions students have about jobs in the community.
Activities Build and play with the fortune teller.
Activities build self-esteem and insure some measure of success in mathematics.
Activities build skills of observation and appreciation of the natural world.
Activities build up and then stop without moving toward social action and systemic thinking.
Activities build upon each other to bring home the theme for the day.
Activities build upon each other to develop learner growth.
Activities calendar and contact information.
Activities can address more than one goal.
Activities can also build skills relevant to careers of interest.
Activities can also fit with existing promotional events at the hospital.
Activities can also serve many purposes.
Activities can appear in the list under more than one heading if more than one domain was indicated.
Activities can be a simple as guest lecturers or as complex as a new program.
Activities can be aesthetic and academic at the same time.
Activities can be as simple as throwing and catching.
Activities can be during school hours or after hours.
Activities can be either at an international level or have an international impact.
Activities can be experiments, games, brainstorming, role playing, or puzzles.
Activities can be for any grade level or subject area.
Activities can be mental or physical.
Activities can be school related or community services, while gaining leadership development.
Activities can be voluntary and they can take place in any setting.
Activities can build skills such as problem solving, stress management, and communication.
Activities can continue during changeover.
Activities can cover any of the three fields of activity.
Activities can have multiple levels and each level can have different level of difficulties.
Activities can help release emotions.
Activities can include answering phones to . . .
Activities can include any conventional adult sexual activity with a child.
Activities can include anything from a car rally or progressive dinner to just bowling and pizza.
Activities can include cooperative learning techniques.
Activities can include crafts, field trips, and volunteer opportunities.
Activities can include crafts, movies, cooking, theatre sports or games.
Activities can include drawing, painting, collage, printmaking, and assemblage.
Activities can include eating, gift opening, talking and games.
Activities can include full retreats, one-day retreats, and series of workshops.
Activities can include games, craft projects or any activity which allows for maximum participation.
Activities can include games, short case studies, quizzes, etc.
Activities can include games, sports, crafts, and community service.
Activities can include making changes based on review comments and going to formative evaluation.
Activities can include meetings, happy hour, volunteer activities, etc.
Activities can include model making and visits, usually to take advantage of our historic site.
Activities can include offices held or community activities while enrolled in school.
Activities can include press receptions, mailings, catering, speakers,and printing.
Activities can include special luncheons, health fairs, guest speakers and athletic activities.
Activities can include story telling, music, craft, movement.
Activities can include sun bathing on deck, or viewing scenery and sunsets.
Activities can include visiting, tutoring, playing games, reading stories etc.
Activities can include writing a letter or writing about a book.
Activities can increase interest for the students.
Activities can involve one person or many participants.
Activities can last one day or last over a weekend.
Activities can lead to open doors in life like a career or hobby.
Activities can often become ends unto themselves.
Adults are usually black or brownish, and sometimes metallic or with dark wings.
Adults are usually black to dark brown, yellowish, or straw-colored.
Adults are usually black, blue-black, or greenish, and many have a metallic sheen.
Adults are usually blotchy with grey , green , or black , and have large, lidded eyes .
Adults are usually calm and well-balanced.
Adults are usually clear about career goals.
Adults are usually darker.
Adults are usually guilty of acting as a teacher or an authority.
Adults are usually hesitant either way.
Adults are usually more polite but no less observant.
Adults are usually more subtle.
Adults are usually red or orange with black spots, or black with red spots.
Adults are usually reddish with yellow spots and purple-blue bars.
Adults are usually sedentary with only some local movements to winter areas.
Adults are usually self-referred.
Adults are usually shy of divers but if they feel threatened they can become aggressive.
Adults are usually sicker.
Adults are usually silent.
Adults are usually slightly less than two metres.
Adults are usually solitary except during the mating periods.
Adults are usually solitary, staying in their burrows or shelters alone.
Adults are usually strong fliers.
Adults are usually the ones who pass tuberculosis on to children.
Adults are usually the only stage to survive winter conditions.
Adults are usually two feet long.
Adults are usually very large and strong.
Adults are usually within normal height parameters.
Adults are usually without wings.
Adults are usually yellow to pale green, and the wings are held rooflike over the body.
Adults are variable in color.
Adults are variable in coloration from brown to dull yellow.
Adults are very able to assist each other in the learning process.
Adults are very active and drop from plants or fly when disturbed.
Adults are very active fliers.
Adults are very active jumping insects.
Adults are very active, jumping or flying when disturbed.
Adults are very boring.
Adults are very busy juggling schedules and trying to find time to further their education.
Adults are very demanding learners.
Adults are very mobile and possess good host finding abilities.
Adults are very philopatric remaining near one breeding site their entire lives.
Adults are very protective of their young, probably because there is only one egg per year.
Adults are very sensitive to most chemicals.
Adults are very small sucking insects with two pairs of broadly rounded wings.
Adults are very strong fliers.
Adults are very strong flies and can travel several miles to find a blood source.
Adults are very welcome outside school holiday periods.
Adults are volunteers.
Adults are warm brown on crown and nape with a slightly duller brown on back, wings and tail.
Adults are wary and flush readily at the approach of a person.
Adults are wasp-like insects, about inch long, shiny black with yellow markings.
Adults are way overextended today.
Adults are weak fliers and often perch on streamside rocks or vegetation.
Adults are weak fliers, most are predaceous.
Adults are weclome.
Adults are weird.
Adults are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Adults are welcome any week with no registration or fee required.
Adults are welcome on all of our teams.
Adults are welcome on all trips.
Adults are welcome to attend as well.
Adults are welcome to attend.
Adults are welcome to come and watch.
Adults are welcome to compete in bar bingo.
Adults are welcome to enroll and learn the all important basics of the sport.
Adults are welcome to follow the project as supporters.
Adults are welcome to join in the adventure with their children.
Adults are welcome to join students for lunch.
Adults are welcome to join the children in class at any time.
Adults are welcome to join, too.
Adults are welcome to participate as well.
Adults are welcome to participate but they pay the same fee as the youth.
Adults are welcome to participate in story hours.
Adults are welcome to participate.
Adults are welcome to ride and all tack is provided.
Adults are welcome to share their talents as soloists and musicians with their favorite instruments.
Adults are welcome to stay too.
Adults are welcome to stay with their child and join in the activities.
Adults are welcome to watch.
Adults are welcome too.
Adults are welcome, but only as observers, so long as there is space.
Adults are welcome, too.
Adults are welcome.
Adults are well aware of the fact that they can break something.
Adults are well known for their flashing, an important part of their courtship and mating.
Adults are white and worm-like and are found in the intestines.
Adults are white butterflies with three or four black spots located on the wings.
Adults are white with a fine waxy covering on the body and wings.
Adults are white, and juveniles are light to medium gray.
Adults are white, gray, or yellowish with several large oblong spots on the back.
Adults are winged and able to fly.
Adults are winged and very active.
Adults are winged but the nymphs are wingless.
Adults are winged or wingless.
Adults are winged, but otherwise resemble nymphs.
Adults are wingless and nearly legless moths.
Adults are yellow with four black bands on the front wings.
Adults are yellowish-green with a large dark spot on each side of the abdomen.
Adults are yellow-white and together with the immature stages are found within the leaf galls.
Adults are, for the most part, self-directed.
Adults are, themselves, one of their richest resources for learning.
Adults are, too.
Adults arrive at homes.
Adults arrive back at Manly with balance of day free.
Adults arrive in Manly.
Adults ask little boys what they want to do when they grow up.
Adults assigned to the patrols help the elected leaders manage the activities of the patrols.
Adults assigned to troops often show encouragement, take pictures, videos, and hold gear.
Adults assist students with their homework during daycare.
Adults attach primarily to the ears of large animals such as deer and cattle.
Adults attack living pine trees of all sizes except seedlings.
Adults attack the foliage and chew small, round holes giving a 'shot-hole' appearance.
Adults attain a wing-span of up to seven feet.
Adults attain height.
Adults attempt to renest if the first nest is destroyed.
Adults attempt to restrict the use of toys to certain areas, like housekeeping or blocks.
Adults attend a variety of day activities, including work.
Adults attend adult education classes while children attend a quality early education program.
Adults attend and participate with children.
Adults attend day activities such as regular employment or college training.
Adults attend free.
Adults attend school because they are self-motivated to achieve individual goals.
Adults attending the class get a taste of similar lessons taught to the children.
Adults average about two to four colds a year, although the range varies widely.
Adults average only one nightmare a year, but typically have seven sexual fantasies a day.
Adults average six feet long and have been known to approach eight feet.
Adults average six hours slumber a night when more than eight is needed.
Adults average slightly less than two metres in total length.
Adults average two respiratory infections a year.
Adults average two to four a year, with a greater frequency in the parents of children.
Adults avoid excess.
Adults bask on the surface of the water or on the shore but always remain close to the water.
Adults bear a general resemblance to dragonflies with short knobbed antennae.
Adults bear a set of cerci at the tip of the abdomen.
Adults become accustomed to learning what is 'proper' and what is meets the approval of others.
Adults become active again during the first warm days in spring.
Adults become active early in the spring and mate soon after.
Adults become active early in the spring and spend most of their lives on the backs of cattle.
Adults become active in early spring and deposit their curved eggs into stems, and leaf midribs.
Adults become active in early spring and deposit their eggs into plant tissues.
Adults become active in the spring and lay eggs on leaves.
Adults become active in the spring as buds begin to swell.
Adults become active in the spring when leaves appear on the host plant.
Adults become alienated, and some children never fully recover.
Adults become like children again.
Adults become mature about three weeks after hatching.
Adults become metalic blue on body, deep yellow or orange on belly.
Adults become more susceptible to serious disease caused by common infections as they age.
Adults become paralyzed.
Adults become parents.
Adults become so battle weary and socially correct that it is hard to change their ways.
Adults become swimming-hole friends.
Adults become thinner of fatter by reducing or increasing the amount of fat in each cell.
Adults become upset with children for their acting out behavior.
Adults become very secretive while flightless.
Adults become young again when they share memories of a homeland or a childhood experience.
Adults begin egg laying in the spring and the leaves unfold.
Adults begin egg laying in the spring when the leaves start to unfold.
Adults begin emergence in the spring and are active for several months.
Adults begin feeding immediately when on the host.
Adults begin feeding on leaves and twigs in the spring.
Adults begin laying eggs in early spring.
Adults begin laying eggs in soft plant tissue soon after emergence.
Adults begin life.
Adults begin lonely life.
Adults begin parasitising aphids soon after they emerge from the pupal cocoon.
Adults begin preparation.
Adults Begin the new millennium as a non-smoker, and stay that way.
Adults begin their feeding activity in the spring.
Adults begin to emerge about the time the last petals fall from the apple blossoms.
Adults begin to emerge during bloom and the flight peaks around petal fall or shortly thereafter.
Adults begin to emerge in a few weeks and continue throughout early summer.
Adults begin to emerge in later summer.
Adults begin to emerge in spring.
Adults begin to emerge later in the summer.
Adults begin to emerge once a specific temperature is reached in the spring.
Adults begin to take a back seat.
Adults begin to view youth as community resources.
Adults behave in a responsible fashion.
Adults believe attachments are important.
Adults believe children know the difference between a real gun and a toy.
Adults believe in children's capacity to learn at high levels.
Adults believe naps are a wonderfully life-giving way to spend an hour or two of an afternoon.
Adults believe success indicates competence.
Adults bellow in courtship and hiss and snarl at unwanted guests.
Adults benefit by learning about securities trading and terminology in a fun, no-risk way.
Adults benefit by means of drag reduction when migrating in single-file queues.
Adults benefit from accelerated programs with a variety of options.
Adults benefit from fine arts, crafts, fitness, dance, athletics, bridge.
Adults benefit, too.
Adults bite during the day, particularly during midmorning and near dusk.
Adults breathe with lungs instead of gills.
Adults breed easily and eggsacs are commonly produced in captivity.
Adults breed in large congregations.
Adults bring a great deal of experience and knowledge to the classroom.
Adults bring a lifetime of experiences to share and their presence adds to the learning environment.
Adults bring a variety of experiences to their learning.
Adults bring a wealth of real world experiences into any learning situation.
Adults bring experience to training.
Adults bring food.
Adults bring their children.
Adults build compost mound in which the eggs are buried.
Adults build shelter.
Adults burrow in sand or dwell in crevices in rocks or coral.
Adults burrow through the bark and into the tree.
Adults buy most recliners.
Adults call that collaborating .
Adults can accept children without necessarily approving of their behavior.
Adults can accept such realities that derive from scientific reflection upon human life.
Adults can accomplish a whole lot more.
Adults can acquire asthma at any age.
Adults can act as role models and steer young people into positive, structured activities.
Adults can act like kids and nobody cares.
Adults can actually make things happen.
Adults can add a concentration in the fast growing field of gerontology as well.
Adults can add hot sauce to spice it up, but it was a great blend of flavors.
Adults can also be active mentally and socially.
Adults can also be very helpful as positive role models.
Adults can also become a nuisance when they move into homes in late summer and early fall.
Adults can also benefit from changing the shape and contour of the external ear.
Adults can also benefit from rinsing with fluoride.
Adults can also bring out the relationship between perimeter and area.
Adults can also choose from several elective classes.
Adults can also combine their courses with golf, horse riding, tennis, fishing and other activities.
Adults can also contract whooping cough.
Adults can also develop atopic dermatitis.
Adults can also do lookups.
Adults can also enjoy a lunch buffet here.
Adults can also enjoy pits for horse shoes and washers.
Adults can also expand or subtract the list of blocked sites.
Adults can also experience the onset of acne.
Adults can also feed, but their damage is minor.
Adults can also find themselves singing along with popular and traditional songs.
Adults can also get involved in a more direct way.
Adults can also get pertussis.
Adults can also get some instructions and track time in a variety of karts.
Adults can also get threadworms.
Adults can also help children when it comes to expressing their feelings of anger.
Adults can also join in the fun.
Adults can also learn what to look out for in food labels.
Adults can also lose weight on the diet if desired.
Adults can also play.
Adults can also point out the prevalent use of books by all of the characters.
Adults can also ride with their kids.
Adults can also set mistaken benchmarks for their self-esteem.
Adults can also ski, get lessons and race in skiing and snowboarding.
Adults can also suffer a variety of health impairments.
Adults can also suffer from encopresis though the percentage is low.
Adults can also teach children to draw on their previous experiences as a source of reassurance.
Adults can also transmit the infection to others in the family and at the workplace.
Adults can also undergo treatment to correct malocclusion.
Adults can and do learn from each other.
Adults can apply on their own behalf and for their children.
Adults can appreciate the lush colors and boldly drawn landscapes.
Adults can attach to boats or boating equipment that is in the water.
Adults can attempt to expand a child's understanding of war beyond the battlefield.
Adults can be abundant around lights in the spring of the year.
Adults can be an important source of help in teaching children how to cooperate.
Adults can be any age and in any occupation.
Adults can be as careless as children.
Adults can be common as they visit flowers like thistle and morning glory.
Adults can be just as self-conscious.
Adults can be just as stupid.
Adults can be less than  or up to .
Adults can be less than or up to .
Adults can be mentors to, role models for, and trusted friends of children and youth.
Adults can be models for young people by dealing with their own stress in a constructive manner.
Adults can be more active by volunteering or voting and they can make a difference.
Adults can be pests when they emerge in large numbers.
Adults can be so hard to talk to.
Adults can be susceptible just as children can be.
Adults can be very aggressive , but the younger tend to be more aggressive .
Adults can be very aggressive, but the younger tend to be more aggressive.
Adults can be winged or wingless.
Adults can become self-conscious and act differently knowing that they are being assessed.
Adults can begin learning signs at anytime.
Adults can benefit from learning to structure their environment.
Adults can benefit from sealants.
Adults can benefit from semi-annual gait analysis.
Adults can benefit too.
Adults can benefit with the same results.
Adults can best learn from their peers.
Adults can borrow a fun pack at the visitor center.
Adults can bring a child model.
Adults can bring their daughters, nieces, granddaughters or goddaughters to the courses.
Adults can can see results almost immediately upon the start of training.
Adults can carry heavy infections but show little evidence.
Adults can carry the bacteria in the gastrointestinal tract, genital tract, or urinary tract.
Adults can carry two full-sized luggage containers.
Adults can catch pertussis and give it to babies before they receive their immunizations.
Adults can catch the fever just as easily.
Adults can cause severe damage by chewing to regain entrance to reach their young.
Adults can choose a variety of ways to satisfy their sexual appetites with other adults.
Adults can choose for themselves, at least if they have full access to information.
Adults can choose from a large selection of breakfast, lunch and dinner items.
Adults can choose from a number of electives each quarter.
Adults can choose from a variety of art classes.
Adults can choose from four program offered at the center, one of which is art classes.
Adults can choose to become prostitutes or to work in pornography.
Adults can choose to use the entire CyberNOT filtering list, parts of the list or none of it at all.
Adults can come with or without children.
Adults can come with or without kids.
Adults can commit to one lesson or an entire week.
Adults can commute to work by train or bus.
Adults can complete the course on their own.
Adults can consult with other parents or child-rearing experts.
Adults can consume a hundred aphids a day.
Adults can consume large quantities of nitrates in drinking water or food with no known ill effects.
Adults can continue to feed on plankton but usually eat a lot of small fish as well.
Adults can contract the illness.
Adults can create a stack that makes use of photographs, text, and speech to guide children.
Adults can create optimal language learning contexts.
Adults can cruise the craft booths, demonstrations, and the food vendors.
Adults can customize the lessons to fit the toddler and print out worksheets.
Adults can deal with it.
Adults can deface walls, ceiling, curtains, and other property.
Adults can develop fever, chills, and intestinal flu-like symptoms.
Adults can develop retinoblastoma too, but it is extremely rare.
Adults can disagree without stooping to flames.
Adults can disengage lock when desired.
Adults can do many things to support language development.
Adults can do more to protect themselves from sun dangers.
Adults can do simple reasoning with children now.
Adults can dress up in period costumes to portray and tell the Anabaptist stories.
Adults can drink water with considerably higher concentrations than infants without adverse affects.
Adults can earn a bachelor's degree in Management and Communication.
Adults can easily become the slaves of routine or popular trend.
Adults can easily squeeze the cover and turn to open a door.
Adults can easily turn it off for unfiltered surfing.
Adults can easily turn the switch on, but curious children are kept from harm's way.
Adults can elect to be members of the Jewish faith community by the process of conversion.
Adults can e-mail,chat,and basically everything else.
Adults can emerge from firewood in the home and infest structural wood or furniture.
Adults can encourage children to write letters to relatives or pen pals.
Adults can encourage good behavior by rewarding it with their attention.
Adults can encourage the internalization of values by rewarding and encouraging moral behavior.
Adults can enjoy a cookie now and then too.
Adults can enjoy and appreciate the antique cars and sidewalk cafes.
Adults can enjoy beer, wine and mixed drinks.
Adults can enjoy cooking, sewing, sports, and for the country music lover, line dancing.
Adults can enjoy entertainment by a jazz duo while children meet Santa and have their photo taken.
Adults can enjoy fascinating photographs and footage of archaeologists at work in the field.
Adults can enjoy intense workouts with an emphasis on footwork and stroke production.
Adults can enjoy nature bike treks, exercise classes, volleyball, and social events.
Adults can enjoy slot machines, blackjack, poker machines and more in a casino-like setting.
Adults can enjoy summer softball leagues as well as winter volleyball and basketball leagues.
Adults can enjoy the book too.
Adults can enjoy the ocean front spa and health club.
Adults can enjoy the various presentations on endangered animals.
Adults can enjoy the various presentations on lighthouses.
Adults can enroll in daytime vocational programs for a fee.
Adults can enroll in seminars on topics such as tree pruning, herbal medicine or wild edibles.
Adults can enter the covenant as a purely legal arrangement only by faith.
Adults can enter the crawfish eating and Crazee t-shirts contests.
Adults can even develop permanent slight lung impairment as a result of a thoracoplasty.
Adults can even learn while they are at the Web site with their kids.
Adults can expect full recovery, unless brain damage is severe.
Adults can experience reversal of chronic disease with elimination of medication.
Adults can explain their pains much better.
Adults can fall prey to various hawks and owls, foxes, pine martens, and coyotes.
Adults can feel safe enough to reevaluate their beliefs.
Adults can fill their stomach in about an hour.
Adults can fly and are attracted to light.
Adults can fly and cover large areas to search for food.
Adults can fly and jump considerable distances.
Adults can fly and they are attracted to light.
Adults can fly several miles in search of a suitable host.
Adults can fly, and can penetrate most paper packaging, leaving cylindrical holes in packaging.
Adults can fly.
Adults can follow training programs to update their skills.
Adults can further boost self-esteem in themselves and in their children by using praise.
Adults can further their education in Cheyenne.
Adults can get away with dancing en pointe to a greater extent because their bones have hardened.
Adults can give a sharp, little bite if held carelessly.
Adults can give permission for access to their records to anyone they wish.
Adults can go back to work once sedation or general anesthesia no longer clouds the mind.
Adults can grow to more than four feet.
Adults can grow up to two and a half feet long.
Adults can have access to such things, but children are restricted.
Adults can have comprehension problems that range from mild to severe.
Adults can have dentigerous cysts associated with unerupted third molars.
Adults can have lots of feelings about the move, too.
Adults can have sex whenever they want.
Adults can have visual problems affecting learning, too.
Adults can help adolescents solve problems and manage their emotions in at least three ways.
Adults can help build self-esteem by providing affection and attention.
Adults can help by providing experiences that are challenging, yet achievable.
Adults can help by providing material which suits the child's interest and activity.
Adults can help children feel more in control again in several ways.
Adults can help children grieve by patiently listening and being able to tolerate feelings.
Adults can help children understand their rights, make choices and act in ways that reject bias.
Adults can help decrease the mosquito population by eating most of their larvae .
Adults can help decrease the mosquito population by eating most of their larvae.
Adults can help prevent suicide by fostering open, honest communication with teens.
Adults can help teens by supporting their efforts in an area of the teen's interest.
Adults can help to prevent teen suicide by fostering open, honest communication with teens.
Adults can help toddlers deal with conflict in two ways.
Adults can help.
Adults can identify a type of fruit by just seeing a slice of it.
Adults can improve at camp also.
Air can come in through gaskets or valves above the fluid line.
Air can come up under the pile.
Air can contain strong acids such as sulfuric and nitric acids.
Air can contain varying amounts of moisture depending upon the relative humidity.
Air can contains many gases including water vapor.
Air can dissect upward into the neck as well.
Air can enter around and through the best window.
Air can enter or leave the system through the pickholes.
Air can enter our bodies through our mouths and noses.
Air can enter the body through the nostrils and the mouth.
Air can enter the middle ear through the ventilation tube.
Air can enter the system through any break in the fuel line or through a bleedback condition.
Air can enter the system two ways.
Air can enter the water-conducting passages through the injuries and restrict water uptake.
Air can escape from the inside because there are very tiny holes in the eggshell.
Air can exert tremendous pressures as it heats and expands.
Air can flow freely through the open input valve into the pump.
Air can flow through perforated panels and can be exhausted in a sub-floor area.
Air can get in, but most of the water gets recycled in the container rather than evaporating away.
Air can hold more moisture at a high temperature than at a low one.
Air can hold only a certain amount of water vapor at a given temperature .
Air can hold only a certain amount of water vapor at a given temperature.
Air can hold only a certain amount of water vapour at any given temperature.
Air can infiltrate through cracks around doors and windows.
Air can leak around doors and windows, foundations, chimneys, exterior plumbing, etc.
Air can move freely between smoking and nonsmoking sections, carrying smoke with it.
Air can only hold a certain amount of water vapor.
Air can only reach the lungs by way of the mouth.
Air can seep in around the edges and cause spoilage and mold.
Air can spread minute bacteria, fungus, spores and viruses as well as infectious micro-organisms.
Air can then easily pass through the vocal folds into the lungs.
Air can then get to the seed.
Air can then pass the socket and flow upwards to the anode fins.
Air can thus circulate upward through the pots.
Air can yearn for the fire, water can yearn for the fire, earth can yearn for the fire.
Air carries heat.
Air carries moisture away from the grain, and higher airflow rates give higher drying rates.
Air carries moisture that can condense.
Air carries much less energy than water, however, so much more of it is needed to spin rotors.
Air carries sound.
Air carries the blessed curse of unlimited potential.
Air carries the pollen from the male structures to the female ones.
Air carries vapour.
Air carries water vapour.
Air carrying precipitation, or water in the clouds, also comes from the Gulf of Mexico.
Air causes air pressure.
Air causes air.
Air causes erosion.
Air causes freezer burn, loss of nutrients and shortens storage life.
Air causes low pressure.
Air causes pressure.
Air causes updrafts.
Air changes liquids.
Air charging equipment for large pressure tanks can be a headache.
Air chilled chicken is the way to go.
Air circulates up from the floor level through the tubing and then flows out the top into the room.
Air circulating fans allow for human comfort at higher temperatures.
Air circulating fans allow human comfort at higher temperatures.
Air circulating fans make the human body feel cooler by radiation.
Air circulating through the blade cools the metal in a turbine's hottest stages.
Air cleaning takes place in three stages.
Air clearly cools down the fastest, followed by alcohol, then water.
Air Come up high into the air to get the big picture.
Air comes in by abdominal slits.
Air comes in contact.
Air comes in from the sides of the tower and passes by the falling water.
Air comes in only through a think opening under the door.
Air comes in the spiracles and goes to trachea, or tubes.
Air comes in through shaft packing, flanges, and valves above the water line.
Air comes in through the side or first roof vent in a scoop toward the wind.
Air comes in, again because there is more space to fill.
Air comes into contact.
Air comes into lungs.
Air comes into tracheae.
Air coming directly out of a compressor is hot.
Air coming from the Pacific is generally moist, while air coming overland is often dry.
Air coming in contact with our skin conducts away heat.
Air coming in the windows at night cools the concrete walls and tile floor.
Air compresses easily as the pressure inside the brake lines increases.
Air compresses the water and creates a cushion.
Air conditioned cars are very rare.
Air conditioned houses are usually too dry for carnivorous plants.
Air conditioned rooms are acceptable so long as the bird is kept away from direct airflow.
Air conditioned rooms are available on request.
Air conditioned rooms are available.
Air conditioned rooms have TVs and telephones, and, upon request, microwaves and refrigerators.
Air conditioned rooms offer cool comfort after a day of jungle trekking and water sports.
Air conditioned rooms, all have televisions.
Air conditioned units are in short supply and requires an additional fee.
Air conditioning with the auxiliary rear unit is standard.
Air conducts heat poorly.
Air conducts heat.
Air consists of gases.
Air consists of nitrogen.
Air consists of oxygen.
Air consists of percent nitrogen.
AIR contain general accepted engineering data and information.
Air containing intercellular spaces are absent.
Air containing volatile organic compounds is pumped into the bioreactor as a food source.
Air contains air.
Air contains airborne particles.
Air contains carbon dioxide.
Air contains chemicals.
Air contains compounds.
Air contains dioxide.
Air contains gases.
Air contains hydrogen.
Air contains irritants.
Air contains mercury, especially in industrial areas.
Air contains moisture which when cooled, seeks to drop out on a surface as condensation.
Air contains nitrogen gas and oxygen gas.
Air contains nitrogen gases.
Air contains nitrogen, which is harmful for some steel grades.
Air contains organic compounds.
Air contains oxygen which is required to combust fuel.
Air contains oxygen.
Air contains oxygen.
Air contains particles.
Air contains percent oxygen.
Air contains pollutants.
Air contains vapour.
Air contains vital oxygen.
Air contains volatile compounds.
Air contains volatile organic compounds.
Air contains waste product carbon dioxide.
Air contains water vapor air.
Air contains water vapour.
Air contains water.
Air continues continues down the trachea, which branches into the right and left bronchi.
Air continues into the trachea.
Air continues to circulate through the air duct and evap.
Air continues to fill cavity, increasing pressure behind closure.
Air continues to flow down the larynx, the area where our vocal chords are found.
Air continues to pump through the cylinders to help cool the engine.
Air contributes to movement.
Air converges when it gets to the ground and turns counter clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere.
Air converging along an easterly wave initiates convection.
Air cooled systems use an aluminum finned air cooled condenser to do the same job.
Air cooling is generally acceptable.
Air cooling is possible.
Air cooling systems rely on heat sinks to pull the heat away from components.
Air cools further, encouraging cloud formation and greater snowfall.
Air cools the blood flowing through the velvet, which then helps to cool the bull's body.
Air cools the product during the whitening procedure and supports the discharge of the bran.
Air covers a larger area than all the oceans of water put together.
Air covers the land, and the sea, and goes way past the earth's surface.
Air creates atmosphere pressure .
Air creates atmosphere pressure.
Air creates bubbles under tip well resulting in a less than clear nail.
Air creates friction against the rocket and slows it down.
Air creates pressure.
Air creates sound waves.
Air creates sound.
Air creates vacuums.
Air creates waves.
Air creates whistle sound.
Air creates wind.
Air curing is accomplished mainly by mechanical ventilation inside buildings.
Air curing, used for many American cigarette and cigar tobaccos, takes six to eight weeks.
Air curtains consists of a specialized powerful fans mounted over a doorway.
Air cushioning offers maximum protection.
Air dates to be announced.
Air dates to be determined.
Air destroys food.
Air dissolves in liquids.
AIR DO . . .
Air does have a mass.
Air does leak in through tiny cracks, and water partially fills the cave.
Air does much less so because of both lower density and much lower viscosity.
Air does the same thing.
Air dries the color on the palette and makes it easier to paint onto the slick surface of the tile.
Air drifts from high to low pressure.
Air driven skimmers are great for smaller tanks.
Air drops merely meet the balancing condition of the tree.
Air drumming is a safe healthy habit.
Air dry a thinly spread smear and fix it with heat by passing slide through the flame of the burner.
Air dry again.
Air dry all canvas and vinyl items.
Air dry all dishes and utensils.
Air dry all items slowly inside to minimize cracking and splitting.
Air dry all items thoroughly before storing.
Air dry away from direct heat.
Air dry away from heat.
Air dry away from sunlight and sow as soon as possible.
Air dry completely and occasionally turn the ball to avoid puddles.
Air dry completely, while inflated.
Air dry completely.
Air dry empty cans and saturated rags, then dispose of according to local regulations.
Air dry it for a few minutes.
Air dry only on a flat surface covered in towels to absorb moisture.
Air dry only.
Air dry out of direct sunlight for best results.
Air dry rapidly.
Air dry slowly or freeze.
Air dry the article.
Air dry the boat and other equipment for five days before using in waters that are unaffected.
Air dry the box.
Air dry the capsules for a few days until they split open, collect the seeds and refrigerate.
Air dry the cells and count the plaques.
Air dry the collected tissue if necessary and then place it in the large mailing envelope.
Air dry the container or swab with paper towels.
Air dry the crystalline indole acetic acid.
Air dry the discs on supports that permit free circulation of air.
Air dry the dishes and utensils.
Air dry the DNA pellet.
Air dry the floor.
Air dry the garment in a location where air can circulate around it.
Air dry the garments and press with light starch.
Air dry the gel.
Air dry the now coated magnesium sludge, then crush it into powder again.
Air dry the nuts on a screen in the sun for several hours.
Air dry the nylon membrane and fix DNA to the filter.
Air dry the paraffinized sections overnight.
Air dry the pellets.
Air dry the plants for several days in a sunny location until a constant dry weight is obtained.
Air dry the pods, then remove the seed.
Air dry the print.
Air dry the sample before sending.
Air dry the sample overnight before sending.
Air dry the sample slide.
Air dry the slides, then fix in methanol for a few minutes.
Air dry the slides.
Air dry the soil and package separately in paper bags.
Air dry the soil and the clothing and package separately in paper bags.
Air dry the soil by spreading in a thin layer over a clean surface.
Air dry the stigmas as quickly as possible and store in a closed container away from light or heat.
Air dry the thin film, fix it with methyl alcohol, and immediately stain it.
Air dry to check if all the oil is washed out.
Air drying also happens swiftly and the paper has almost no curl at all when dry.
Air drying and floral pressing are age-old arts dating back to before Egyptian times.
Air drying and special packaging requirements are available.
Air drying dishes is more hygienic than drying with a dishtowel.
Air drying features and different operating cycles also are energy saving options.
Air drying feet and socks during the day helps prevent blisters.
Air drying helps to maintain healthy nipples.
Air drying is also less harsh on clothes than tumbling around in a dryer.
Air drying is appropriate if only a few items are involved.
Air drying is beneficial if time permits.
Air drying is the best way to dry the grille, but a hair drier on a low-heat setting can be used.
Air drying is the easiest and cheapest way to dry flowers.
Air drying is the easiest and most popular method of drying flowers.
Air drying is the easiest way to preserve flowers.
Air drying is the final stage in bringing forth a new personality into our family of textiles.
Air drying is the most energy-efficient procedure.
Air drying is the most popular method used to dry herbs.
Air drying is the oldest and easiest method, as there is no special equipment needed.
Air drying is usually best.
Air drying the area where possible is best, never wipe with a towel to dry.
Air drying without freezing is best for prints.
Air emits light.
Air endorse People despite liberty without a samsonite lawn furniture yet ask below most shops.
Air enhances respiration.
Air entangled threads are used in everything from quilting mattresses to sewing heavy denim jeans.
Air entering the inlet is compressed by the axial flow compressor having multiple stages.
Air entering the intakes around the pilots cockpit is deflected to the engine.
Air entering the nostrils is filtered by hairs, warmed and moistened.
Air entering the system is clean and dry.
Air entering through the pulsators, claw, system leaks and milk meters, if present, is quite steady.
Air entering via the air conditioning is equal by air venting outside.
Air enters a collector box inside the wing, going straight into the air filter.
Air enters a human body through the nostrils.
Air enters air sacs.
Air enters anterior sacs.
Air enters body openings called spiracles and travels through trachea into sinuses.
Air enters caudal air sacs.
Air enters caudal sacs.
Air enters cavities.
Air enters chambers.
Air enters cylinders.
Air enters mouths.
Air enters nasal cavities.
Air enters noses.
Air enters nostrils.
Air enters oral cavities.
Air enters our lungs and fills our bronchial endings to capacity.
Air enters rooms.
Air enters sacs.
Air enters the air passages trying to fill the vacuum, thereby, pulling air into the lungs.
Air enters the barrel by a bell-shaped chamber.
Air enters the body through a series of passages, beginning with the nose or mouth.
Air enters the body through nostrils in front of their heads.
Air enters the body through the nose and mouth and passes into the throat.
Air enters the body through the nose, is warmed, filtered, and passed through the nasal cavity.
Air enters the body through the nose, is warmed,filtered, and passed through the nasal cavity.
Air enters the bottom and is warmed up by the heating element.
Air enters the burrow through a small hole at the top of the dried mud.
Air enters the cavities through a tiny slit on each side and near the front of the abdomen.
Air enters the compressor through a filter-silencer, where it undergoes an initial pressure drop.
Air enters the containment through the inlet vent and is heated by the fuel.
Air enters the engine on the left and is compressed by a multistage turbine.
Air enters the grasshopper's body through the front spiracles and exits through the rear.
Air enters the hole and passes into a small lung-like cavity.
Air enters the hood via a breathing tube attached to the hood.
Air enters the insects body through breathing pores called spiracles.
Air enters the insect's body through valve-like openings in the exoskeleton, called spiracles.
Air enters the insect's body through valve-like openings in the exoskeleton.
Air enters the leaves through small holes in the leaves called stomates.
Air enters the lowering from both the warm inflow and the cool outflow sides.
Air enters the lungs through internal nares which are located high on the forehead.
Air enters the lungs through internal nares, which are located high in the forehead.
Air enters the mammalian respiratory system through the two external nares .
Air enters the mask and discharges out an exhalation valve mounted on the mask.
Air enters the nares and moves in the nasal cavity.
Air enters the nasal and oral cavities, and then flows through the pharynx, larynx and trachea.
Air enters the nose through the external nares.
Air enters the respiratory system either through the nose or mouth.
Air enters the respiratory system through the mouth and nose, where it is warmed and moistened.
Air enters the respiratory system when the chest expands.
Air enters the spiracles , and moves through the tracheal system .
Air enters the test section as a jet stream through a small annulus tube.
Air enters the tracheae by pores called spiracles.
Air enters the tubes through a row of holes along an insect's abdomen.
Air enters the unit and first passes through the pre filter where larger particles are collected.
Air enters through noses.
Air enters through nostrils.
Air enters through spiracles.
Air enters through tracheae.
Air enters trunks.
Air enters windpipes.
Air enters zones.
Air eventually sinks creating high pressures off the west coast of the Americas.
Air exerts a downward pressure, which is referred to as atmospheric pressure.
Air exhausted from the fan is turbulent.
Air exists in soil to varying degrees, allowing for water molecules to move into topsoil layers.
Air exists only in the spaces between the various components in the heap.
Air exiting from the constriction forms a jet.
Air exiting the test section is water-cooled and discharged through altitude or atmospheric exhaust.
Air exits the home through vents to the attic, which cools the attic and further reduces heat gain.
Air exits the model at the opposite end of the building.
Air exits the test section and enters the altitude exhaust system.
Air expanded lungs show both elastic and surface tension contributions to compliance.
Air expands and thus cools.
Air expands when heated so that a given volume weighs less than the same volume of cold air.
Air expands when heated, which makes it lighter than an equal volume of cool air.
Air expands when it is warmed becoming less dense than the surrounding air and therefore buoyant.
Air expands when temperature increases and contracts when it becomes cold.
Air expands when warmed and contracts when cold.
Air expands when warmed and contracts when cooled.
Air expands, and cools adiabatically.
Air experiences friction with the ground.
Air express extra.
Air expresses the qualities of communication.
Air extends to the top of the atmosphere and exerts pressure on all the air below.
Air falls in an anticyclone so no clouds are formed.
Air falls in high pressure areas.
Air filled lungs decrease electrical conduction.
Air filling the cells of the kite acts as the frame, there are no sticks.
Air fills air sacs.
Air fills available one hour before and after every trip, and by appointment.
Air fills cavities.
Air fills incl.
Air fills on site.
Air fills posterior sacs.
Air fills sacs.
Air fills the cavities and calcite decorations can begin to deposit.
Air fills the parachute as it opens.
Air fills up a bubble.
Air flow around an airfoil.
Air flow around and over a building causes variations in pressure around it.
Air flow away from a high is called anticyclonic .
Air flow outward through a wall, building envelope, etc.
Air flow over a liquid-coated surface.
Air flow through a building envelope can carry with it significant amounts of heat and moisture.
Air flowing north from the Gulf of Mexico brings plenty of moisture which increases the dew points.
Air flowing out of the subtropical highs towards the equator forms the trade winds.
Air flowing over a sensor can cause artificially low readings.
Air flowing over the blade causes both lift and drag.
Air flowing over the top of a wing also tends to flow inward toward the fuselage.
Air flowing past the wire cools the wire.
Air flowing through swollen or tight breathing tubes usually causes wheezing.
Air flowing through the condenser cools the freon.
Air flowing through the tail pulls the bottom of the kite in the direction that the wind is blowing.
Air flowing through the upper air space is filtered through filter sheets in the lower space.
Air flows around a low pressure region counter-clockwise in the northern hemisphere.
Air flows away from high-pressure regions called highs or anticyclones.
Air flows completely around line, aiding in cooling of fluids.
Air flows completely around the line, aiding in cooling of fluids.
Air flows easily, giving an excellent voice.
Air flows faster over the curved top part of wing than the straighter part below the wing.
Air flows form areas of higher pressure to areas of lower pressure.
Air flows freely through the airways.
Air flows from areas of high pressure to area of low pressure.
Air flows from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure to equalize the pressures.
Air flows from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Air flows from high pressure to low pressure.
Air flows from high to low pressure.
Air flows from hot to cold.
Air flows in and out of the lungs due to air pressure differences inside and outside of the lungs.
Air flows in, oxygen diffuses into the blood and carbon dioxide diffuses into the air.
Air flows in.
Air flows into airways.
Air flows into alveoluses.
Air flows into lungs.
Air flows into nostrils.
Air flows into surfaces.
Air flows into the air spaces through the stoma.
Air flows into the body whereupon oxygen is removed and transferred into the blood.
Air flows into the facepiece continuously to prevent contaminated air from leaking in.
Air flows into the low-pressure area counter clockwise.
Air flows into the lungs down the pressure gradient from the mouth to the alveoli .
Some analysts see it as a potential counter to Chinese influence.
Some analysts see it as an erosion of the concept of federal law being upheld as supreme.
Some analysts see last week s spurt of deals as an aberration.
Some analysts see last week's spurt of deals as an aberration.
Some analysts see some air being let out of a bubble here.
Some analysts see such a development as an attempt to move out from under the U.S. shadow.
Some analysts see that as a harbinger of tougher times for the whole U.S. economy.
Some analysts see that percentage going even higher.
Some analysts see the hardware becoming a major platform for Internet access in the home.
Some analysts see the move as a bargaining ploy.
Some analysts see the policy as a drag on Malaysia's growth.
Some analysts see the slowdown accelerating unless the economy itself reverses course.
Some analysts see the strong platinum price providing a sound base.
Some analysts seem to think so.
Some analysts soldier on regardless and look for consistency among the methods.
Some analysts speculate that consumers are simply adapting to the technology's learning curve.
Some analysts still forecast a failure of that system.
Some analysts suggest economic motives.
Some analysts suggest it is already in the process of undergoing a major transformation.
Some analysts suggest that the vehicle's sheer profitability is a factor.
Some analysts suspect the bomb was laced with cyanide that failed to ignite.
Some analysts take a much stronger position.
Some analysts tend to add the costs of atomic demolition munitions and battlefield nuclear weapons.
Some analysts think it's a bad move.
Some analysts think low personal saving signifies dangerously low levels of capital accumulation.
Some analysts think pure-play Internet retailers won t last.
Some analysts think so, but other groups are more confident.
Some analysts think so.
Some analysts think that cultural similarities play only so much of a role.
Some analysts think that grain fed to livestock can buffer price rises.
Some analysts think that's a sweet deal.
Some analysts think the marriage is badly thought through.
Some analysts think the technology is easy to replicate because it is just a pager.
Some analysts think the vision is a pipe dream, however.
Some analysts think they've seen such a strategy at Palm, maker of the eponymous handhelds.
Some analysts think what happens is that a fragmented market turns inward.
Some analysts travel to visit clients.
Some analysts use a family of approaches termed conjoint analysis to seek similar information.
Some analysts view the situation as the start of another economic crisis.
Some analysts wonder how much longer it can afford to keep growing.
Some analysts wonder whether it's time to batten down the hatches.
Some analysts worry about the effect of the case on Internet free speech.
Analystical geometry provides a graphical display of mathematical equations.
Analytic ability is an indispensable element of a successful public administrator or policy analyst.
Analytic applications are equivalent to the application part of the data warehouse software market.
Analytic applications are similar, but they are pre-packaged and are simpler and faster to deploy.
Analytic applications can provide the operational basis on which to decide what steps to take.
Analytic applications offer pre-built solutions to complex business problems.
Analytic capability includes the critical sense to spot flaws in complex theory.
Any analytic category is left unitary .
All analytic claims are subject to revision in light of some experience.
Analytic Comments are short analytical summaries of the assigned readings for one class meeting.
Analytic commentary is, however, only a poor way to get to know the works of any composer.
Analytic elements provide the company's business intelligence.
Analytic engines search for events that typify security problems andanomalous activity.
Analytic expressions show very good agreement with the exact ones for a wide range of parameters.
Analytic functions are continuous.
Analytic functions are functions.
Analytic functions are infinitely differentiable.
Analytic functions have derivatives of any order which themselves turn out to be analytic functions.
Analytic geometry combines algebra with geomety by introducing coordinates.
Analytic geometry combines the generality of algebra with the precision of geometry.
Analytic geometry is geometry
Analytic geometry is geometry.
Analytic geometry is introduced.
Analytic geometry is the study of geometry using algebraic methods.
Analytic history is as much an organized, graphic device as a wargame is.
Analytic history is what a wargame was before it became a game.
Analytic history is written with non-linear use in mind.
Analytic ideas are likely to be of three varieties.
Analytic intelligence is the only variety adequately measured by psychometric tests.
Analytic issues are secondary.
Analytic judgments are all a priori , proceeding from the analysis of concepts alone.
Analytic languages lack affixes and other types of inflectional and derivational morphology.
All analytic methods assume there is no occlusion between the source and the receiver.
Analytic model is quite complicated.
Analytic models describe the system with a set of equations, and are often stochastic.
Analytic models predicting speedups in parallel platforms are notoriously difficult to obtain.
Analytic philosophers ignore and are unaware of the full scope of the history.
Analytic philosophy attempts to clarify, by analysis, the meaning of statements and concepts.
Analytic philosophy fits the classroom environment, but is ignored outside academia.
Analytic proofs are also involved.
Analytic prose incorporates a good deal of information.
Analytic redundancy can be and has been applied to software systems.
Analytic rubrics identify and assess components of a finished product.
Analytic shapes are more easily recognizable and converted to features such as holes and fillets.
Analytic skills are also useful.
Analytic skills are important.
Analytic staff are available to answer technical questions on a consulting basis.
Analytic statements are true based solely on the meanings of the words involved.
Analytic studies test hypotheses about exposure to risk factors and a specific health outcome.
Analytic syllogisms are either necessary or probable.
Analytic techniques used are varied and multi-disciplinary.
Analytic thinkers tend to focus on details when processing information.
Analytic thought is hard.
Analytic tools do help.
Analytic tools introduced include cost-effectiveness analysis.
Analytic truth is something that has traditionally been a bit difficult to address.
Analytical ability is essential.
Analytical accuracy depends on physical and geometric condition of the analyte sample.
Analytical applications are much easier to implement and use when data is consolidated.
Analytical applications provide the critical information that yields business insight.
Analytical applications require a clean store of customer information to perform at full potential.
Analytical approaches are often too coarse , ignoring detailed and dynamic situations.
Analytical articles explore legal trends, emerging issues, and strategies.
Analytical balance is balance
Analytical balances are also available to allow accurate standards to be made.
Analytical bias is indicated by the degree to which D differs from zero.
Analytical capabilities are available for determination of a wide range of water contaminants.
Analytical centrifugation measure the rate that proteins sediment.
Analytical chemists analyze compounds.
Analytical chemists are always in search of selectivity.
Analytical chemists design new scientific instruments and develop methods for analysis.
Analytical chemists develop new techniques and instruments for analyzing unknown substances.
Analytical chemists perform analyses, make chemical measurements, and design and build instruments.
Analytical chemists study what substances are made of.
Analytical chemists tend to overlook X-ray techniques.
Analytical chemists use microprocessors to control instruments, collect data, and analyze results.
Analytical chemists use xenon compounds as oxidizing agents.
Analytical chemistry involves analysing and identifying trace elements.
Analytical chemistry is a booming field and can only grow.
Analytical chemistry is a particular strength.
Analytical chemistry is a science and technology experiencing rapid growth and change.
Analytical chemistry is a very practical science.
Analytical chemistry is academic journals.
Analytical chemistry is an important component of all areas of the pharmaceutical sciences.
Analytical chemistry is concerned primary with the composition of substances.
Analytical chemistry is concerned with determining the composition of substances.
Analytical chemistry is involved with identifying and measuring the quantities of such substances.
Analytical chemistry is the branch of chemistry that is concerned with the composition of matter.
Analytical chemistry is the separation and analysis of substances.
Analytical chemistry is woven into the courses in the other four areas.
Analytical chemistry looks at the qualities of substances, and their composition.
Analytical chemistry looks at which chemicals are in things.
Analytical chemistry relies on the know-ledge of the analyst.
Analytical chemistry requires a broad background knowledge of chemical and physical concepts.
Analytical chemistry uses ion exchange in chromatography.
Analytical criticism helps.
Analytical criticism interprets the text and includes the reader's response to the text.
Analytical curve is non-linear.
Analytical data are increasingly in demand for environmental, water, metals and clinical studies.
Analytical data are only as good as a method's least precise operation.
Analytical detachment is only a part of true understanding.
Analytical engines are 'ere and the age of portability is on.
Analytical equipment includes gas and liguid chromatographs with various detectors.
Analytical error is one-sigma standard deviation.
Analytical evaluation is fast and exact.
Many analytical formulas exist which are supposed to shed light on various aspects of boat design.
Analytical functions start working on complex numbers.
Analytical geometry is the study of geometry using algebra and the Cartesian coordinate system.
Analytical information is required for generalisation of data.
Any analytical information derived from visitor statistics is used solely for internal purposes.
Analytical laboratories can determine whether the caulking compounds contain PCBs.
Analytical laboratories perform diagnostic tests.
Analytical learners crave facts.
Analytical methods are complicated and require good mathematical skills.
Analytical methods provide closed-form solutions in only certain special cases.
Many analytical methods work well in three dimensions, but fail in two dimensions.
Analytical models are highly dependent upon simplifying assumptions.
Analytical models can be useful in assessing public policy means of preventing and resolving crisis.
Analytical models use math to explain simple linear relationships.
Most analytical models assume such a condition.
Many analytical people are focused on what is happening in their own head.
Analytical performance is assessed as a running score derived from three surveys, ie.
Analytical precision is determined by the analysis of two separate aliquots of sample extract.
Analytical problem solving means more than number crunching.
Analytical problem solving skills are essential.
Any analytical problem has many solutions.
Many analytical problems are peculiar to paleontology.
Analytical procedures are available upon request.
Analytical procedures are the same regardless of the sample being tested.
Analytical procedures require strict quality control measures to support results.
Many analytical procedures involve hazardous reagents and products that result in hazardous waste.
Analytical processing is unavoidable.
All analytical products contain inferences, but in some reports, the logic is spelled out.
Analytical psychologists investigate the workings of the human mind through psychoanalysis.
Analytical psychology is seen as different from medical psychology.
Analytical reports are available to paid membership only.
Analytical reports are due today.
Analytical reports assist the financial institution in loan determination.
Analytical research demands high-level training in economic theory, statistics, and mathematics.
Analytical results are the product of any analytical laboratory.
Analytical results can be numeric, short text comments, or lengthy text narratives.
Analytical results show that the system is effectively removing contaminants.
Analytical science needs concrete objects.
Analytical services are also available.
Analytical services cover chemical, microscopy and microbiological analysis.
Analytical services provided include chemical, biological, microbiological analyses.
All analytical services are subject to a service charge.
Analytical simulators use mathematical equations to predict network and application performance.
Analytical skills are also very helpful.
Analytical skills are essential.
Analytical skills are very important in our work.
Analytical solution exists only for some oversimplified cases.
Analytical solutions are available only for simple systems.
Analytical solutions are available only in specialized and limited niches.
Analytical solutions show that the fluid remains substantially nonuniform inside the burst.
Analytical solutions turn information into knowledge.
Analytical staff receive the mail and answer it daily.
Analytical standards are prepared in carbon disulfide.
Analytical standards are prepared in the desorbing solvent.
Analytical statements differ from descriptions of the work of art.
Analytical studies involve case-control studies and cohort studies.
Analytical tables compare PPPs, price levels and real expenditure between countries.
Analytical testers create diagrams, matrices, and outlines.
Analytical testing is one part of that process and is frequently contracted to outside laboratories.
Analytical testing is performed on every batch of finished draught and bottled product.
Analytical testing is the most conservative method for waste characterization.
Analytical texts draw from new historicism, cultural studies, psychoanalysis, and postmodernism.
Analytical theory treats ideas as word structures divorced from any larger reality.
Analytical things are incapable of depicting quantum reality.
Analytical thought is necessary for dealing with complex data and situations.
Analytical tools allow faster and more accurate design optimization.
Analytical tools are necessary to make sense of the myriad of data collected by biologists.
Analytical understanding is used to introduce a new kind of numerical processing of the source term.
Analytical variables are factors which influence the analytical procedure.
Analytical work continues.
Analytical work is completed in two days.
An analyticity is a property
Analyticity is a stricter property than differentiability.
Analyticity is similarly the property of being analytic.
Analyzed data is displayed by the surface unit on digital readouts for interpretations.
Analyzed data is formatted and presented in a meaningful way.
Analyzed data related to unpaid leave, race national origin of employees, and disciplinary actions.
Analyzed failure reports in an effort to find root causes.
Analyzed job analyses based on content themes.
Analyzed market needs.
Analyzed population needs as well as college capabilities.
Analyzed results provide an additional basis for decision making.
Analyzed user needs to formulate enhancements to improve efficiency and quality.
An analyzer is an instrument
Analyzers are effective die attachment testers.
Analyzers are instruments.
Analyzers become bankers, accountants, police detectives, statisticians, brokers.
Analyzers capture all packets, or specific packets defined in a filter, into a trace buffer.
Analyzers measure beam position, Gaussian fit, ellipticity, optionally relative power and more.
Analyzers occupy the middle ground between defenders and prospectors in every aspect.
Most analyzers already have capture filter selections for different protocol types.
Most analyzers discard data to save space and increase performance.
Some analyzers are barely luggable, while others are easily carried about.
Analyzes activity reports to assess program effectiveness and to formulate changes.
Analyzes blood specimens for alcohol and other volatiles.
Analyzes communication skills in the direct sales industry.
Analyzes community needs.
Analyzes computer reports to monitor sales, voids, shortages and financial data.
Analyzes customers needs and recommends products that best meet customers requirements.
Analyzes data does all the calculations.
Analyzes improvement needs.
Analyzes plant features that result in useful products.
Analyzes system failures beyond the expertise of the service technicians.
Analyzes test runs on computer to correct or direct correction of coded program and input data.
Analyzes tissue specimens from animals suspected of exposing humans to rabies and plague.
Analyzes vendor accounts.
Anamnesis is a rare disease in which the person affected has many animal characteristics.
Anamnesis is memory
Anamnesis is the opposite of amnesia.
Anamnestic data are important in the interpretation.
Anamorphic enhancement provides for exquisite image clarity.
Anamorphic lens is a lens capable of compressing a wide angle of view into a standard frame.
Anamorphic lenses are also available for rental.
An anamorphosis is phylogenesis
Anamorphosis is a technique for abstracting images.
Anamorphosis refers to the practice of using different magnifications in different dimensions.
Ananas nanus is a dwarf pineapple.
Ananas isa matter.
Ananases are part of pineapples.
Ananases have (part) peels.
Ananases have (part) sections.
Anaphase is a stage
Anaphase isa stage.
Some anaphase is part of meiosis.
Some anaphase is part of nondisjunction.
Some anaphases also show a variable degree of chromosome condensation.
Anaphrodisia is reported frequently by men during khat use.
Anaphrodisia is reported frequently by men using khat.
Anaphylactic collapse is dramatic and life threatening.
Anaphylactic reaction can follow rupture of an echinococcus cyst.
Anaphylactic reactions are rare.
Anaphylactic reactions are severe and require immediate medical attention.
Anaphylactic reactions are usually quite sudden and severe.
Anaphylactic reactions are very unusual.
Anaphylactic reactions can manifest themselves in several different ways.
Anaphylactic reactions can occur in rare instances.
Anaphylactic reactions can occur.
Anaphylactic reactions caused by food allergies can be potentially life-threatening.
Anaphylactic reactions tend to be faster and more severe with each exposure to the allergen.
An anaphylactic shock is hypersensitivity reaction
Anaphylactic shock is a life-threatening response to an allergin.
Anaphylactic shock is a severe and possibly fatal allergic reaction.
Anaphylactic shock is a severe type of allergic reaction.
Anaphylactic shock is a very serious condition and requires immediate hospital treatment.
Anaphylactic shock is an extreme reaction and can in many cases be life threatening.
Anaphylactic shock is characterized by a fall in blood pressure and respiratory distress.
Anaphylactic shock is frightening to behold, much more so with a child.
Anaphylactic shock is rare.
Anaphylactic shock is severe allergy which affects many organs at the same time.
Anaphylactic shock is the most serious kind of allergic reaction and is life-threatening.
Anaphylactic shock is the most severe of all allergic reactions.
Anaphylactic shock is the most severe type of allergic reaction.
Anaphylactic shock is the result of a person going into shock from an unknown source.
Anaphylactic shock is treated by use of a tourniquet and subcutaneous injections of epinephrine.
Anaphylactic shock related to latex exposure can be life threatening.
Anaphylatic shock is the extreme rx of anaphylaxis.
Anaphylaxis isa predisposition.
An anaplasia is dysplasia
Anaplasia can be severe, especially at sites of radiodermatitis, and rapid removal is imperative.
Anaplasia is the absence of differentiation.
Anaplastic cancer is the fastest growing of all thyroid cancers.
Anaplastic nuclei are usually large, irregular and hyperchromatic.
Anaplastic tumors are the fastest growing thyroid tumors.
Anaplastic variants are more aggressive.
An anapsid is a reptile
Anapsid have no hole.
Anapsids have no openings in the temporal region of their skull.
Anapsids have no other openings, synapsids have one, and diapsids two.
Anapsids have no other openings, synapsids have one, and diaspids two.
Anarchic development can produce a more robust system, actually.
An anarchism is ideology
Anarchism acknowledges the primacy of the individual.
Anarchism aims at a new and complete freedom.
Anarchism also departs from both liberalism and socialism in taking a different view of progress.
Anarchism also promises to overcome capitalism .
Anarchism appears as a political theory and a social movement in the nineteenth century.
Anarchism brings to environmentalism an understanding of why the environment is degraded.
Anarchism comes from a Greek word meaning without government.
Anarchism comes from our needs and desires for freedom, equality and solidarity.
Anarchism conceptualizes power differently.
Anarchism dates back to ancient times.
Anarchism has a long history, going back over a century, and can be found around the world.
Anarchism has a long, wonderful history in both American and European thought.
Anarchism has a lot of hard questions to answer.
Anarchism has a lot of support on the net, too.
Anarchism has nothing to do with future governments or economic arrangements.
Anarchism has, in fact, an endless resilience.
Anarchism identifies the people's subjugation to a ruling class with government action .
Anarchism implies the right of an individual to stand aside and see a man murdered or a woman raped.
Anarchism is a critique of the state which denies the legitimacy of state authority.
Anarchism is a movement for a radically democratic and libertarian society.
Anarchism is a philosophy that opposes all forms of authority.
Anarchism is a practical way to bring about a society of socialism and freedom.
Anarchism is a social ideology that argues for a self-organising society without government.
Anarchism is a society built on the abolition of all tyranny, in society and in the workplace.
Anarchism is a very eclectic tradition.
Anarchism is about building.
Anarchism is above all defined by what anarchists have said and fought for.
Anarchism is also the rejection of all political, social, and economic hierarchy.
Anarchism is an extraordinarily generous, beautiful way to look at the universe.
Anarchism is an ideology that defines itself by being fiercely non-ideological.
Anarchism is an opposition to all forms of coercive authority.
Anarchism is anarchism.
Anarchism is concerned to oppose the one basic concept of authority as such.
Anarchism is defined as the rejection of all forms of domination, as distinguished from power.
Anarchism is funny that way.
Anarchism is glorified thumb-sucking.
Anarchism is idealistic.
Anarchism is one such topic.
Anarchism is our rock n'roll.
Anarchism is peaceful and non-violent.
Anarchism is politics in practice.
Anarchism is really a synonym for socialism.
Anarchism is the absence of the power to dominate and control.
Anarchism is the belief that individuals are the basis of society.
Anarchism is the farthest point on the scale of the relationship of the individual to the state.
Anarchism is the goal and libertarianism, decentralism, etc. is the process.
Anarchism is the hammer-idea, smashing the chains.
Anarchism is the only realistic alternative to capitalism.
Anarchism is the very opposite of all that.
Anarchism is totally different from the above mentioned anarchy.
Anarchism is voluntary cooperation for good, with the right of secession.
Anarchism means a world of brotherhood, mutual prosperity, and freedom.
Anarchism means peace and tranquility to all.
Anarchism means the demolition of the prevailing, state centric system.
Anarchism misunderstands the real nature of man.
Anarchism offers a truly radical alternative.
Anarchism recognises only the relative significance of ideas, institutions, and social conditions.
Anarchism rejects all forms of hierarchical authority, social and economic as well as political.
Anarchism repudiates any attempt of a group of men or of any individual to arrange life for others.
Anarchism requires a free means of information interchange.
Anarchism retains the pattern of behaviour first introduced by religion.
Anarchism says, in effect, there is no such upper case, dominating ideology.
Anarchism seems more actively anti-government, though.
Anarchism stands for a new relationship between the sexes.
Anarchism stands for the freedom to, both collectively and individually, take control of our lives.
Anarchism thus represents a reactionary anti-socialist political trend.
Anarchism views society on the basis of two fundamental pillars.
Anarchisms are political ideology.
Anarchisms are socialism.
Anarchisms cause a desire to independents.
Anarchist communists reject the Leninist model of a vanguard party as counter-revolutionary.
Anarchist criminology goes beyond reform and advocates the abolition of the criminal justice system.
Anarchist culture is a fighting culture.
Anarchist culture is a utopian culture.
Anarchist groups are all also over the place.
Anarchist hammers are no substitute for class tools like theory.
Anarchist journals are still important forums for debating and developing anarchism.
Anarchist organisations are now to be found on all five continents.
Anarchist organization is enough.
Anarchist pages are also abundant on the Internet.
Anarchist propaganda emphasizes the revolutionary nature of the struggle.
Anarchist society is that of libertarian socialist society.
Antique furnishings give it charm and a cozy feeling.
Antique furnishings invite visitors into the relaxed atmosphere.
Antique furnishings provide a cozy atmosphere.
Antique furnishings rest on finished barnboard floors.
Antique furniture adds to the atmosphere.
Antique furniture consists of furniture.
Antique furniture includes an oak table and rocker, and a cedar hope chest.
Antique furniture is in the same category.
Antique furniture is optional and can be purchased separately.
Antique furniture is the most common form of collectors item.
Antique furniture takes a little more care.
Most antique furniture consists of furniture.
Antique gas pump collection.
Antique gates help frame the garden, which is studded with dozens of whimsical birdhouses.
Antique glass is imperfect.
Antique glass is used on the cupboards.
Antique glasses are capable of turning many other colors.
Antique hardware is on most of the doors and windows.
Antique hats are often one of a kind, and as such are irreplaceable.
Antique hemstitch is worked from the back of fabric.
Antique homes are a specialty.
Antique hunters look for ripples and uneven markings that indicate handmade items.
Antique hunters relish the changed appearance, called the patina.
Antique instruments are, therefore, mostly for display in museums or in a connoisseur's home.
Antique ironwork includes gates, railings and balconies.
Antique items are Vietnamese, Chinese and French in form, style and substance.
Some antique items are of special interest.
Antique jewellery collectibles in silver, porcelain and glass.
Antique jewellery is our speciality.
Antique labs work well with either organizational scheme.
Antique lace is a good bet for a cocktail function.
Antique lace reflects brilliantly off polished porcelain accompanied by a flower in bloom.
Antique lamps frame the bed.
Antique lights are up and complete in front of middle school.
Antique linens make splendid emergency shrouds.
Antique lovers are just minutes away from one of the quaintest towns on our island.
Antique lovers can visit over sixty dealers in the area.
Antique lovers delight in shops and shows throughout the year.
Antique malls are often a good starting point.
Antique maps are unique pieces of art that have survived for many hundreds of years.
Antique maps hold a special weight of aesthetic appeal.
Antique mirrors create a unique backdrop to the large whirlpool tub.
Antique pendulum swings back and forth and has no effect on time keeping.
Antique pewter is an alloy of lead and tin.
Antique photographs do well, even small ones.
Antique pianos are our specialty.
Antique pieces lose their value easily.
Antique pine armoires conceal televisions wet bars and VCRs.
Some antique plants are less compact and sprawl wildly.
Antique porcelain is always a pleasure to work with.
Antique postcards framed in olive-green matte serve as artwork on the plain white walls.
Antique prints hang on the walls.
Antique quilts face other problems, too, like molds and bugs.
Antique radios have a nostalgic attraction.
Every antique radio is restored with the craftsmanship and care required for museum quality.
Antique restorations are a specialty as are custom window treatments and upholstered walls.
Antique retailing is a tough business.
Antique road show The south end of the Monterey Bay has a different style.
Antique roses vary tremendously in size and form.
Antique shops abound drawing serious collectors countrywide.
Antique shops abound in our area.
Antique shops abound in the area, as do fine dining establishments.
Antique shops abound in the central city and in charming towns on the outskirts of the city.
Antique shops abound throughout the county.
Antique shops abound.
Antique shops are plentiful and offer great browsing.
Antique shops are plentiful in the area, with interesting items for sale at reasonable prices.
Antique shops are plentiful.
Antique shops buy lots of jewelry, old, new and collectable.
Antique shops dominate and even the old original depot displays handicrafts and nostalgia.
Antique shops line the streets.
Antique shops listed are primarily multi-dealer, most with webpages.
Antique shops share space alongside neighborhood corner stores.
Many antique shops offer books.
Some antique shops do it all, appraisals, consignment and estate sales.
Antique shopping is just outside the front door.
Antique shopping is plentiful.
Some antique shows are like comets.
Antique sideboards accent the dusty rose walls.
Antique silver snap hooks and split ring.
Antique stores abound, as well as galleries that feature striking works by local artists.
Antique stores are abundant, too.
Antique stores are also plentiful, with many bargains available.
Antique stores are here for browsing and finding that perfect treasure.
Antique stores are just another form of reuse for items that still have value and appeal.
Antique stores are one good place to check.
Antique stores are perhaps the classiest resale stores.
Antique stores are plentiful along the drives.
Antique stores are plentiful throughout the area.
Antique stores are quick, easy and the most expensive way to go.
Antique stores dot the downtown strip.
Antique stores exist both in downtown and in the outlying areas.
Antique stores hold hidden treasures and beautiful Victorian homes line our streets.
Antique styles are also available for the Antique Vending Car.
Antique tapestries line many of the walls.
Antique technology is interesting only as a novelty.
Antique tiles make an unusual, interesting and appreciating gift.
Antique tiles make great inlays into tables.
Some antique tools have considerable appeal as objects d'art.
Antique toys sit in the corner of the hallway.
Antique toys surround the base of the tree.
Antique tractor pull, demonstrations, hayrides, music, crafts and more.
Antique tractor pull, lawn mower race sky divers, food, crafts, wagon rides, and music.
Antique tractors are welcome also.
Antique trains give visitors a taste of how slow it was by steam .
Antique type statues Antique type wooden statues.
Antique varieties are more often fragrant and often possess greater disease tolerance as well.
Antique vendors display their wares and crafters offer their home-crafted gift ideas.
Antique veneer is usually quite thick.
Antique version is shown, but it is only available in polished finish.
Antique wicker is featured throughout the Inn.
Antique windows overlook the spacious front lawn.
Antique windowpanes adorn windows or are framed and hung within the room.
Antique wood burning stoves provide heat.
An antique is an old man
Antiques abound all over the house.
Antiques abound and enhance the sense of history.
Antiques abound and set the stage for romance.
Antiques abound in the stores and in the streets because the ranch owners are avid collectors.
Antiques abound throughout the Inn, creating a feeling of elegant grandeur for all who stay here.
Antiques abound throughout.
Antiques abound with Victorian decorations.
Antiques accent the comfortable, casual atmosphere.
Antiques add charm and character to home decor by infusing their personality in the surroundings.
Antiques add to our locally themed rooms with private baths and views of Crystal Lake.
Antiques adorn the cottage throughout .
Antiques adorn the cottage throughout.
Antiques adorn the gleaming mahogany bar and the fire crackles in the air conditioned lounge.
Antiques adorn the walls.
Antiques also showcase a craftsman s skill.
Antiques are a rapidly growing area of business.
Antiques are a viable business entity here.
Antiques are also available nearby.
Antiques are also on display.
Antiques are an indelible link to the past.
Antiques are another hobby.
Antiques are another story.
Antiques are antiquity.
Antiques are big here with six antique malls nearby offering all kinds of treasures.
Antiques are cheaper here in the U.S. than in Paris.
Antiques are everywhere as well.
Antiques are everywhere.
Antiques are hot.
Antiques are items from a bygone era.
Antiques are located in attics.
Antiques are located in lofts.
Antiques are located in museums.
Antiques are located in trunks.
Antiques are mixed in with the herbs.
Antiques are mixed with lodgepole, twig, wicker, hickory and hand-painted pieces of furniture.
Antiques are old things.
Antiques are our passion.
Antiques are probably worth the time, effort and expense of restoration.
Antiques are so nice to have.
Antiques are there with many sites.
Antiques are time travelers - ambassadors from the past.
Antiques are to be found all over the country.
Antiques areall shown on an ever changing online catalog with full color pictures and descriptions.
Antiques blended with whimsical art and architectural finds add to a casual friendly inviting look.
Antiques Click on the links below for Antiques information.
Antiques Click on the links below for more Antiques info.
Antiques collectibles and other fine things.
Antiques collectibles, furniture, jewelry and decorative items.
Antiques complement the comfortable fireplaced living room.
Antiques Exploring the underground London Silver Vaults is an experience in itself.
Antiques fill seven homey rooms all with private baths.
Antiques fill six comfortable rooms all with private baths.
Antiques fill the guest rooms and common areas.
Antiques Find wonderful decorative and collectible antiques in New England.
Antiques get their share of attention with a few zany machines taking up position in the lobby.
Antiques go over big regardless of state of repair or condition.
Antiques line the walls of sunlit and candlelit interiors.
Antiques mingle with art collected on foreign travels to provide a comfortable, relaxed atmosphere.
Antiques offers country wares, fine furniture, china and glassware.
Antiques only go so far.
Antiques revolve around ancient navigational tools.
Antiques Shopping in Provence - outside of Paris, Provence offers France's best antiques shopping.
Antiques show Antiques, collectibles, appraisals.
Antiques shows and shops are great but so also are tag sales and consignment shops.
Antiques sources Antiques, and Antiques-related sources .
Antiques store on premises.
Antiques take on value with the passage of time.
Antiques welcome as well as privatly owned apparatus.
All antiques are authentic and fully guaranteed by the dealers.
All antiques are for sale and are vetted for quality and authenticity.
Any antique bought is for copying.
Many antiques also change hands through the mails.
Many antiques are family pieces.
Many antiques furnish the home.
Most antiques wear their age well, even proudly.
Antiqued metallics have a burnished finish over all that sparkle and shine.
Antiques Antiques are our specialty.
Antiques Antiques Click on the name of the business to access their page.
Antiques dealers can print labels for their paper bags without the expense of custom bags.
Most antiques dealers are honest and hard-working.
Antiques malls are antique centers that feature items from dozens of dealers under one roof.
Antiques shops are numerous.
Antiques stores appear in every section of the beach.
Antiquities are also prominent.
Antiquities is a collection of seven understated stories.
Antiquities sells collectibles such as jukeboxes, and autographed guitars and posters.
Antiquity abounds with elaborate puzzles, like Stonehenge, labyrinths, the pyramids.
Antiquity gives some credence to such a belief.
Antiquity is a non-profit trust, so usefulness to the archaeological community comes before profit.
Antiquity is a partly pearl-lustered fountain but the sphinxes' bosoms have turned green.
Antiquity is an age
Antiquity is artifacts.
Antiquity is full of eulogies of another more remote antiquity.
Antiquity is here broadly defined, but the focus is on the classical world.
Antiquity is like the childhood of Europe.
Antiquity is mostly mythical.
Antiquity is part of history.
Antiquity is periods.
Antiquity is still around.
Antiquity is the key word here.
Antiquity makes people think of many different alternatives, other ideas.
Antiquity offers a haven from the overpopulated and overheated dance clubs in Hollywood.
Antiquity provides many examples.
Antiretroviral drugs are only available in South Africa on a trial basis at selected sites.
Antiretroviral drugs can work to improve the quality and length of life.
Antiretroviral drugs control the replication of most variants of the virus.
Antiretroviral drugs prevent most of the infections and illnesses that cause diarrhea.
Antiretroviral drugs show promising results in slowing the progression of disease.
Antiretroviral medications can minimize symptoms and reduce the number of recurrent outbreaks.
All antiretroviral regimens have a common goal.
Antiretroviral therapies can reduce the virus to nondetectable levels.
Antiretroviral therapy can also be a factor in progressive anemia.
Antiretroviral therapy is a good example.
Antiretroviral therapy is potentially a life-saver.
Antiretroviral therapy reduces the viral burden in both blood and genital secretions.
Antiretroviral treatment lowers the viral load which improves the prognosis.
Antisemitic publications continue to appear in Eastern Europe.
An antisemitism is racism
Antisemitism comes in various forms.
Antisemitism has a long and unpleasant history in many Arab countries.
Antisemitism is a generic term which signifies a singular attitude to a particular group of people.
Antisemitism is a natural reaction.
Antisemitism is another story.
Antisemitism is exactly the same as delousing.
Antisemitism is frightening to the world, for the world, and for all peoples.
Antisemitism is just about the only thing the White activist and the Black activist have in common.
Antisemitism is the oldest form of racism.
Antisemitism ususlly starts there - where are sionism has deep roots.
Antisense drugs are small, chemically modified stretches of single-stranded DNA bases.
Antisense drugs interrupt the process by which disease-causing proteins are produced.
Antisense injection holds off retinitis.
Antisense technology is a novel drug discovery method.
Antisense technology is the ultimate magic bullet.
Antisense technology lies behind many of the current applications of plant biotechnology.
Antisense therapy aims to turn off the mutated genes that cause cancer.
Antisense therapy is designed to target and to turn off the mutated genes that cause cancer.
Antisense therapy is thought to be less toxic, at any dose, to the rest of the body.
Antisense transcripts are implicated in many aspects of gene regulation.
Antisense transgenes are usually dominant in their effects.
Antiseptic eardrops are available without a prescription.
Antiseptic medications are useful to kill germs.
Antiseptic methods control most infections.
Antiseptic ointments are usually unnecessary.
Antiseptic soaps are more effective than plain detergent soaps for removing microbes from the hands.
Antiseptic solutions can also be helpful, especially if they are also a little astringent.
Antiseptic solutions have a drying effect.
Antiseptic techniques are usually neither used nor even heard of.
An antiseptic is medicine
Antiseptics are chemical agents used on the skin or tissue.
Antiseptics are chemicals used on living tissues to inhibit the growth of microorganisms.
Antiseptics are medicine.
Antiseptics are milder than disinfectants.
Antiseptics are too strong to be swallowed or injected into the body.
Antiseptics are useful in further cleaning the wound and preventing infection.
Antiseptics kill various types of bacteria.
Antiseptics make it less likely a wound gets infected .
Antiseptics make it less likely a wound gets infected.
Antiseptics rapidly inactivate any living vaccine bacilli.
Antisocial behavior is a key feature to all three.
Antisocial children grow up to become antisocial adults who go on to raise antisocial children.
Antisocial children tend to choose similar children as playmates.
Antisocial individuals are more impulsive and more persistently disregarding of cultural norms.
Antisocial personality is among the more difficult psychiatric disorders to treat.
Antisocial personality is diagnosed when people are always in legal or social trouble.
Antisocial types accomplish lots of good stuff .
Many antisocial types are very successful and productive citizens.
Many antisocial youth have difficult temperaments from birth.
Many antisocial youth have serious psychiatric disorders.
Many antisocial youth suffer from a variety of disabilities.
Antispasmodic drugs help some patients, but response is variable.
Antispasmodic medications can also be useful.
Antispasmodic is medicine
Antispasmodic is medicine.
Antispasmodics are a remedy for menstrual cramps.
Antispasmodics can also prevent attacks.
Antispasmodics can prevent or ease spasms and cramps in the body.
Antispastic drugs possess different mechanisms of action, and act either centrally or peripherally.
Antistatic agents reduce fly-away hair.
Antistatic features ensure electrical continuity between stem, ball and body.
Antistatic formula helps keep dust and dirt from building up.
Antistatic formula helps prevent dust deposits.
Antistatic versions are also available.
Antitheses are also helpful.
Antithesis exists between wilderness and civilization.
Antithesis follows thesis, retort follows opinion, as deftly as ping follows pong.
Antithesis implies contrast of sense.
Antithesis is conflict, and like any conflict, it ought to be resolved when it can be.
Antithesis is figures of speech.
Antithesis is opposition
Antithesis is opposition.
Antithesis is the substitution of letter for letter, as olli for illi .
Antithesis means opposite.
Antithesis therefore can make sense.
Antithrombotic therapy is underutilized in elderly rural patients with atrial fibrillation.
Antitorque pedals enable the pilot to compensate for torque variance.
Antitoxin is an antibody
Antitoxins are available in many areas where dangerous scorpions live.
Antitoxins give immediate but short-term protection, acting just like antibodies.
Antitrade demonstrators have their story wrong.
Antitrust activism threatens the general health of high-tech industries in three ways.
Antitrust advocates claim to be protecting consumers from anticompetitive practices.
An antitrust case is an action
Antitrust cases are just as expensive for defendants as for plaintiffs.
Antitrust cases are legal actions.
Antitrust cases are notoriously complex and litigation is often protracted.
Antitrust cases are notoriously difficult to prosecute.
Most antitrust cases involve horizontal mergers or price fixing.
Antitrust counseling is a particular strength.
Antitrust counterclaims are a significant part of intellectual property litigation.
Antitrust enforcement is designed to promote innovation and efficiency.
Antitrust enforcement is important in ensuring that competition remains vigorous.
Antitrust enforcement protects innovation competition in a number of ways.
Antitrust enforcement serves the public interest.
Antitrust experts say it is an unusual case.
Antitrust illegality is in the harm to competitors.
Some antitrust issues require analysis and experience.
An antitrust law is a law
Antitrust law affects no other profession in the U.S. as much as it affects physicians.
Antitrust law defines certain behaviors as illegal.
Antitrust Law Describe the primary statutes for protecting consumer credit.
Antitrust law has great impact on California businesses and consumers.
Antitrust law holds monopolies to a higher standard than ordinary companies.
Antitrust law is a prerequisite or co-requisite with permission of the instructor.
Antitrust law is a self-contradictory, incoherent mess.
Antitrust law is a tool to enforce the claims of any second-rater against any innovator.
Antitrust law is extremely complex.
Antitrust law operates far better as a preventive and educational tool . . .
Antitrust law prohibits companies that have monopolies from tying separate products.
Antitrust law regulates the relationship between labor and management.
Antitrust law seeks to make businesses compete fairly.
Antitrust law seeks to maximize market efficiency and to protect consumers.
Antitrust laws apply to the activities of physician unions.
Antitrust laws are complex and sometimes difficult to understand.
Antitrust laws are complicated and often unclear.
Antitrust laws are entirely political phenomena.
Antitrust laws are legislation under which the United States government acted to break up any trust.
Antitrust laws are problematic.
Antitrust laws function in much the same way.
Antitrust laws ought to be revised or repealed entirely.
Antitrust laws preserve competition.
Antitrust laws prohibit mergers in certain instances.
Antitrust laws prohibit price fixing and other types of explicit cartel or monopoly behavior.
Antitrust laws prohibit price-fixing regardless of the identity of the victim . . .
Antitrust laws prohibit using monopoly power in one market to expand into others.
Antitrust laws protect competition.
Antitrust laws punish the productive, the competent, and the efficient for being just that.
Antitrust laws require no more.
Antitrust laws violate property rights, punish success, and harm consumers.
Antitrust laws violate the essence of capitalism and a free society.
Antitrust lawsuits can also be an effective way to break up media megacorporations.
Antitrust lawyers recognize each as being illegal per se under federal antitrust laws.
Antitrust litigation can seem so complex.
Antitrust litigation is an important focus.
Antitrust matters are often complex and frequently involve other jurisdictions.
Antitrust office moves against petroleum companies Bonn.
Antitrust policy can only stifle and distort the real-world competitive process.
Antitrust policy comes in several parts.
Antitrust policy has more than a century of honorable history in the United States.
Antitrust policy looks like it's becoming anti-consumer.
Antitrust policy plays the role of ensuring that competition flourishes.
Antitrust regulation can affect any lawyer who represents business clients and corporations.
Antitrust regulation is like the stick applied to the economy.
Antitrust regulations are inconsistent with the principles of a free society.
Antitrust regulators are on a tear.
Antitrust regulators have yet to veto the agreement.
Antitrust specialists say the claim of exclusionary contracts is stronger than the other two.
Antitrust trial winds down.
Antitrust violations are like public nuisances in that private individuals lack standing to sue.
Many antitumor agents cause differentiation in experimental myeloid leukemias.
Antitussive agents are probably of minimal benefit.
Antitussive therapy is indicated when cough serves no useful function such as clearing the airways.
An antitussive is medicine
Antitussives are cough suppressants used to treat painful, persistent coughs.
An antivenin is antitoxin
Antivenin isa antibody.
Antivenins are available for most pit viper envenomations.
Antivenins have (part) atoms.
Antivenins have (part) chemical chain.
Antivenins have (part) chemical groups.
Antiviral activity is measured simply by assaying the cells for reporter gene expression.
An antiviral agent is medicine
Antiviral agents can shorten attacks by decreasing viral replication.
Most antiviral agents are members of the antimetabolite family.
An antiviral drug is medicine
Antiviral drugs are available to slow the progression of the disease.
Arrhythmias are the main cause of sudden cardiac death.
Arrhythmias are the most common sign of cardiac involvement, as with any metastatic cancers.
Arrhythmias are uncommon in acute pericarditis.
Arrhythmias are very common, affecting millions of people worldwide.
Arrhythmias are very serious.
Arrhythmias arise from two sources, the researchers say.
Arrhythmias can be either fast or slow.
Arrhythmias factor into half of all sudden cardiac deaths in the United States each year.
Arrhythmias occur commonly in middle-age adults.
Arrhythmias occur in many forms and are one of the most common heart conditions.
Arrhythmias occur throughout the population.
Arrhythmias often can occur without any symptoms at all.
Arrhythmias often occur during and after heart attacks .
Arrhythmias often occur during and after heart attacks.
Many arrhythmias are temporary, and can be a result of alcohol, caffeine, stress, or exhaustion.
Many arrhythmias cause few, if any, symptoms, and most can be treated successfully.
Many arrhythmias require no treatment as they cause no important problems for the child.
Many arrhythmias require no treatment whatsoever.
Most arrhythmias are harmless, but some can be serious and can cause sudden cardiac death.
Most arrhythmias are nothing to worry about.
Most arrhythmias fall into the tachycardia category.
Some arrhythmias are a temporary adjustment of the heartbeat.
Some arrhythmias are merely an annoyance.
Some arrhythmias are potentially fatal, causing sudden death.
Some arrhythmias can be lethal, especially ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation.
Some arrhythmias cause a noticeable skip, flutter or palpitation.
Arrival cards are simple, applications for work permits painless.
Arrival time determines length of cruising time first day.
Arrival time is a point
Arrival time is approximate.
Arrival time is four to six in the evening or by special advanced arrangement.
Arrival time is imminent.
Arrival time is one hour prior to the appointment.
Arrival time is points.
Arrival time is post-midnight.
Arrival time is two days after departure.
Arrival time is unknown.
Arrival times are approximate.
Arrival times are estimates and depend on traffic conditions.
Arrival times are estimates only.
Arrival times vary according to airline schedules.
Arrival times vary according to destination and the shipping method selected.
Arrival times vary with international shipping times.
An arrival is achievement
Arrival buys behind the dirt however avoid Missouri camping map.
Arrival denotes a child's relocation in the receiving nation.
Arrival isa action.
Arrival rises between a second whether miss buccaneers poster.
Arrival sorts according to arrival times at end points.
Arrival transfer to the city.
Arrivals are accomplishment.
Arrivals are actions.
Arrivals are encounterings.
Arrivals are independent of the state of the system but otherwise arbitrary.
Arrivals are quieter than departures.
Arrivals are the sketchy part.
Arrivals are translations.
Arrivals are travelers.
Arrivals are up in the first quarter.
Arrivals currently come from Bosnia, Serbia, Croatia, Iraq, and Sudan.
Arrivals do cite draft call-up as the main reason for leaving their area.
Arrivals have effects.
Arrivals is scheduled for the evening.
Arrivals now are usually single-file.
Arrivals Welcome to our libraries in both Halifax and South Boston .
Most arrivals have effects.
Some arrivals cause damage.
Some arrivals cause serious damage.
Some arrivals change status.
Some arrivals contribute to extinction.
Some arrivals have impact.
Some arrivals take places.
Arrogance brings a downfall.
Arrogance can only come from blindness to reality.
Arrogance causes a desire to judges.
Arrogance comes from thinking things are easy.
Arrogance comes in many fashions.
Arrogance creates the justification for refusing to serve.
Arrogance derails more leaders than any other factor.
Arrogance divides the church.
Arrogance drives out humility.
Arrogance exists in many.
Arrogance exists in two basic forms.
Arrogance has little place in such a setting.
Arrogance has no place in medicine.
Arrogance has nothing to do with it.
Arrogance has to be met with harshness.
Arrogance increases in inverse proportion to the public's capacity for outrage.
Arrogance invariably leads to condemnation.
Arrogance is a common affliction of the newly elected, and it is often fatal.
Arrogance is a common emotion expressed by many people throughout our society.
Arrogance is a crippling disease.
Arrogance is a dangerous deviation of they who are in a weaker position.
Arrogance is a dangerous failing.
Arrogance is a false sense of superiority, often covering intense feelings of low self-esteem.
Arrogance is a form of self-imposed blindness, a form of vanity, one seeing only oneself.
Arrogance is a great fault.
Arrogance is a huge red flag.
Arrogance is a human attribute.
Arrogance is a major barrier to growth.
Arrogance is a notoriously powerful deterrent to enlightenment.
Arrogance is a power, it is a power which destroys the spiritual life.
Arrogance is a sure-fire deal killer.
Arrogance is always a possibility.
Arrogance is always dangerous, especially when it exceeds one's capability to back it up.
Arrogance is bad enough, but arrogance mixed with ignorance is a deadly cocktail.
Arrogance is bad, humility is good.
Arrogance is born out of fear and insecurity.
Arrogance is confidence.
Arrogance is destructive and disdainful.
Arrogance is disastrous to a good design.
Arrogance is disease of modern society.
Arrogance is disregard for the truth and contempt for people.
Arrogance is disrespectful and dishonorable.
Arrogance is ego plus ignorance.
Arrogance is exaggerated self-esteem.
Arrogance is ignorance.
Arrogance is inexcusable.
Arrogance is just plain ugly.
Arrogance is often a defense against the terror of being alone in hostile territory.
Arrogance is one of the most common problems in all high-tech companies.
Arrogance is one state of mind being called for.
Arrogance is pain.
Arrogance is pretty powerful stuff.
Arrogance is pride.
Arrogance is pushy.
Arrogance is rampant in the hierarchy of the academy.
Arrogance is sin
Arrogance is something that comes from youth.
Arrogance is the ability to rationalize behaviour.
Arrogance is the egoism of inordinate self-importance.
Arrogance is the enemy of humility.
Arrogance is the great enemy to the believer's spiritual life.
Arrogance is the mother of all failures.
Arrogance is the polar opposite of humility.
Arrogance is the quilt of insecurity.
Arrogance is ugly wherever it appears.
Arrogance is unacceptable.
Arrogance is usually detrimental and fosters a negative-minded culture .
Arrogance is wrong, even if nothing bad is done.
Arrogance leads to other vices and the road of ruin.
Arrogance likes to make doctrine one's servant rather than one's master.
Arrogance pervades the work of certain scholars and professors.
Arrogance places one's eyes on self.
Arrogance prevents one from accepting naseehah and acting upon it.
Arrogance refuses to stir what it's got.
Arrogance rises from an exaggerated sense of self-importance.
Arrogance signals an inflexible corporate culture.
Arrogance takes one's eyes off the master.
Arrogance tends to alienate others.
Arrogance thinks it's above what it's got.
Arrogance works in Hollywood.
Arrogance usually means believing oneself to be superior to others.
Arrogant cleverness separates people, true wisdom brings people together.
Arrogant companies try to manage customer relationships to the exclusion of other people.
Arrogant cultures make lousy partners and are in the rip-off business without realizing it.
Arrogant people are limited, because they see themselves as being at a certain level of greatness.
Arrogant people imagine that they are above everything else.
Arrogant politicians tend to think direct democracy is shugu seiji - mob rule.
Arrogant specialists are nothing new, of course.
Arrogant stupidity is pathetic.
Arrow heads indicate neurotubules in dendrite.
Arrow heads indicate trichomes in inlets.
Arrow heads point towards the carboxylate end of each strand.
Arrow heads show the navigation direction of an association.
Arrow keys are movement.
Arrow keys are shortcuts for the scroll buttons in the top right corner of the window.
Arrow keys can move selections by one pixel at at a time.
Arrow keys change the snake's direction.
Arrow keys guide the surfer along the edge of a curl.
Arrow keys look in different directions.
Arrow keys move around.
Arrow keys move back and forthin the command history.
Arrow keys move picture right or left.
Arrow keys move selection highlight around.
Arrow keys Move the cursor around.
Arrow keys move the cursor up, down or sideways.
Arrow keys move the cursor.
Arrow keys move the selected area around - great for fine adjustments.
Arrow keys moves the selected record in all list screens.
Arrow keys navigate the menu.
Arrow keys Select a button if the active option is a group of option buttons.
Arrow keys work in the New volume dialog box.
Arrow keys works only in the appletviewer.
Arrow Lake is part of the Columbia River chain.
Arrows of desire are the very hub of the revolution.
Arrow of time exists on macroscopic level, as a statistical effect.
Arrow points meet at the target.
Arrow Rock is Missouri history.
Arrow squid is also important in their diet.
Arrow symbol indicates correct answer.
Arrow wood is a bush
Arrow wood is dogwood, yaupon holly, witch hazel and willow.
Arrow worms are hermaphroditic, but cross- fertilization is the rule.
Arrow worms are important predators using their bristle like jaws to catch their prey.
Arrow worms are voracious predators, with curved bristles that act as powerful jaws.
Arrow worms consume an assortment of other prey when it is available.
Arrow worms have neither vascular nor excretory systems.
Arrow worms possess heads.
Most arrow worms possess heads.
An arrow is a mark
Arrow accepts most major credit cards.
Arrow alleges that the defendants it purported to add do business in Montgomery County.
Arrow chooses a new tag line to add to each posted message.
Arrow continues to flash and direct traffic to the right.
Arrow denotes time of radiation therapy.
Arrow designates path of bullet based on examining surgeon description.
Arrow distributes a broad range of electronic components, computer products, and related equipment.
Arrow features an Explorer-like interface for browsing lists, folders, and messages.
Arrow gives location of the cottages.
Arrow goes forward.
Arrow indicate alternative rooting option with gapped positions omitted.
Arrow indicate deformed threads.
Arrow indicates a frass-filled gallery a few mm beneath the bark.
Arrow indicates area of insertion of syringe needle.
Arrow indicates channel mouth.
Arrow indicates crack.
Arrow indicates current positions offered.
Arrow indicates direction of flow of river.
Arrow indicates direction of movement.
Arrow indicates drill on inner surface of cheliped.
Arrow indicates eparterial bronchus.
Arrow indicates flake shown in the next figure.
Arrow indicates grain direction.
Arrow indicates location of brads attaching applied ornament to seat rail.
Arrow indicates location of metatibial mucro.
Arrow indicates macroglossia.
Arrow indicates magnetic north.
Arrow indicates mean ocean bottom water sulfate composition.
Arrow indicates octopus drill mark.
Arrow indicates octopus drill.
Arrow indicates one uterine horn that is very dilated by fluid accumulation.
Arrow indicates ophiuroid-bearing horizon.
Arrow indicates otosclerosis fixation.
Arrow indicates point of attachment.
Arrow indicates position of the putative cleavage site of the peptide leader.
Arrow indicates screw placement.
Arrow indicates testis tissue in the center of the ovotestis.
Arrow indicates the broad abdomen of the female.
Arrow indicates the cotyledons inside the fruit.
Arrow indicates the direction of cantilever movement.
Arrow indicates the direction of movement.
Arrow indicates the early stage of flower primordium.
Arrow indicates the laser-targeted area outside of the cell.
Arrow indicates the narrow tower of the male.
Arrow indicates the original gilded surface.
Arrow indicates the position of the streamside sludge pond.
Arrow indicates the presence of an unspecific product.
Arrow indicates the shadowing direction.
Arrow indicates the size of the fragments as compared with markers.
Arrow indicates venous outlet where crack occurred.
Arrow indicates where rear door was latched to roof rail before crash.
Arrow is a classic example of a dog who works protection high in fight drive.
Arrow is a full service pest control company.
Arrow is a maze with arrows and warpholes to direct the happless victums.
Arrow is a standard geometric primitive associated with the object speed.
Arrow is also a very quick and flashy dog in the obedience phase.
Arrow is also small guy friendly on the phone.
Arrow is an elegant, powerful, graphical interface to electronic mail.
Arrow is for pointing and selecting objects.
Arrow is for vehicle hook up.
Arrow is free.
Arrow is funded by the United States and Israel.
Arrow is no stranger to success.
Arrow is one lucky wild horse.
Arrow is one of the largest and friendliest canines in the squad.
Arrow is outside now.
Arrow is powerful, yet easy to use.
Arrow isa projectile.
Arrow isa symbol.
Arrow keys up and down navigate.
Arrow keys up and down scrolls the current block triplet.
Arrow knows about rising from the ashes.
Arrow marks the spot .
Arrow marks the spot where bull was bedded when first spotted.
Arrow now save the prefs for the open dialog box.
Arrow offers a simple three-year parts and lifetime labor warranty.
Arrow offers complete solutions to the architect or specifier.
Arrow points to a mitotic figure.
Arrow points to a myelinated nerve.
Arrow points to a poorly-defined fascicle composed of spindle cells.
Arrow points to a stab wound surrounded by a small amount of hemorrhage.
Arrow points to a very faint galaxy that appears to be more distant than any known previously.
Arrow points to an apoptotic body.
Arrow points to an example of a polymorphism.
Arrow points to the synapse from the presynaptic side.
Arrow points toward the tube welds.
Arrow produces both clocks and watches.
Arrow provides a three-year parts and lifetime labor warranty.
Arrow reaches max.
Arrow refer to various estimates for obliquity limits.
Arrow represents direction of centrifugal acceleration.
Arrow represents the direction of motion of the pulsar.
Arrow requires an Internet connection to send and receive messages.
Arrow seamlessly bridges the relationship between the manufacturer and retailer.
Arrow shows B-rex horizon at the base of a cliff.
Arrow shows direction of current.
Arrow shows ice-flow direction.
Arrow shows position of comet.
Arrow shows the abscission zone.
Arrow shows the boundary between the fluid inclusion and the host halite crystal.
Arrow shows the presence of human hepatocytes.
Arrow shows the rim of firm, white tissue typical of a leiomyoma.
Arrow shows the site of obstruction.
Arrow shows the viral nucleocappsid in transverse section.
Arrow shows where corrosion hole occurred.
Arrow shows where pod splits.
Arrow shows whose turn it is.
Arrow slits dominate the towers and the supporting wall.
Arrow snap back can result.
Arrow takes command of the stage and microphone in a unique visual and auditory experience.
Arrow uses open and enclosed car carriers with capacities usually ranging from three to ten cars.
Arrow views the credit facilities as an extension of existing credit.
Arrow wants to remedy that by improving computer and human interaction and interface design.
Arrows allow access to the previous and next index.
Arrows allow scrolling to other pages which show more generations in the same form.
Arrows allow to navigate between options.
Arrows also have various shapes.
Arrows also show the direction of various forms of energy.
Arrows also show the flow of data in the graph.
Arrows appear at the bottom of each page.
Arrows appear beside the magnification box for rapid increases and decreases in magnification.
Arrows appear next to each job.
Arrows approximately mark the time period given in the captions.
Arrows are a consideration.
Arrows are a less preferred option.
Arrows are all right, but cumbersome.
Arrows are available in wood, plastic, aluminum alloys and carbon-graphites.
Arrows are capable of projectiles.
Arrows are either carbon graphite or aluminum.
Arrows are exchanged, given away and generally circulate freely throughout the group.
Arrows are films.
Arrows are for a purpose to be used against the enemy.
Arrows are for illustrative purposes.
Arrows are hickory, cedar, etc.
Arrows are important, for they signify direction.
Arrows are marks.
Arrows are now smaller.
Arrows are of unit length.
Arrows are oriented and sized according to values read in the input file.
Arrows are particularly useful.
Arrows are perishable, and while learning, it is best to use and abuse a low priced set.
Arrows are polished and taken care of by the soldier.
Arrows are projectiles.
Arrows are set at the same absolute discharges for comparison.
Arrows are sharp at both ends.
Arrows are sharps.
Arrows are stackable items and partial quivers of the same type can be combined.
Arrows are still arrows and persecution is still persecution.
Arrows are the positions of hybridization signals.
Arrows are the types at the end of the two lines that radiate out from each other.
Arrows are used for flies.
Arrows are used for hits.
Arrows are used for pierces.
Arrows are used for shoots.
Arrows are used for targets.
Arrows are used for wounds.
Arrows are weapons.
Arrows are weapons.
Arrows are wonderful navigation tools on a web site.
Arrows burst forth without ceasing, and the blade of the spear devours trees as fire.
Arrows can be any shape or size and can be changed at any time.
Arrows can be tricky and difficult to have approved at inspection.
Arrows can come out with sizable force.
Arrows can go from heterosexual couples as well as homosexual and bisexual couples.
Arrows can kill people.
Arrows can spread or concentrate force, depending on the application.
Arrows come in a wide variety as well.
Arrows come in different sizes and weights just like bullets.
Arrows come in many sizes and weights.
Arrows come in varying widths.
Arrows communicate the direction of links, either in or out.
Arrows connect parts of the flow field to the same areas on the radar phase diagram.
Arrows connecting boxes indicate relationships between the classes.
Arrows connecting task blocks represent data transfer between tasks.
Arrows correspond to the positions of marker proteins.
Arrows defend against attacking invaders.
Arrows depict horizontal winds.
Arrows depict the flow of data and information among various sections.
Arrows depict the fluxes of carbon and energy between different ecosystem components.
Arrows depict upper limits.
Arrows designate a soft tissue density in the right lower lobe bronchus, indicating a foreign body.
Arrows designate the strongest significant over-representation.
Arrows designate the strongest significant over-representations.
Arrows entering any course symbol show the prerequisite courses that are required.
Arrows entering the box on the top are controls.
Arrows entering the left side of the box are inputs.
Arrows expand the table of contents.
Arrows facing upwards are slots only.
Arrows fly through the air, fists hit into other fists, swords cut torsos in two.
Arrows fly very slowly, even carbon arrows from a compound hand bow.
Arrows fly, man hack away at each other, horses topple into the mud.
Arrows generally indicate a return to the top of the page or table of contents.
Arrows give the percentage of approaches in that direction.
Arrows go from dots in resource box to processes if the process holds that instance of the resource.
Arrows go from processes to resource boxes if the process is waiting for the resource.
Arrows go up on screen.
Arrows hangin' out in the eighties.
Arrows have (part) sections.
Arrows have a sharp point at one end and usually a flight at the other end .
Atlantic salmon is marketed as fresh fish but some is now being canned.
Atlantic salmon live in the northern Atlantic Ocean off the coasts of North America and Europe.
Atlantic salmon predominates with chinook and coho also produced.
Atlantic salmon require a diet high in protein and lipids.
Atlantic salmon return to natal streams.
Atlantic salmon return to rivers.
Atlantic salmon return to streams.
Atlantic salmon returns to New England rivers.
Atlantic salmon spend between one and four years at sea.
Atlantic salmon travel further than Pacific salmon.
Many Atlantic salmon make their migratory journey and spawn two or three times.
Some Atlantic salmon escape from cages at sea.
Some atlantic salmon have black spots.
Some atlantic salmon have large black spots.
Some atlantic salmon have spots.
Atlantic seafood forms the basis of many local specialties.
Atlantic shores is fun and casual.
Atlantic stingrays are highly electroreceptive fish.
Atlantic sturgeon are an anadromous fish that can be found in ocean waters.
Atlantic sturgeon continue to be a valued commercial fish, however.
Atlantic sturgeon is sturgeon.
Atlantic sturgeon is taken sporadically and incidentally.
Atlantic sturgeon make their way into the rivers in the late spring and up to early fall.
Atlantic sturgeon mature very slowly.
Atlantic traders go to India and China to get laborers for the plantations in the New World.
Atlantic walruses are slightly smaller than Pacific walruses.
Atlantic walruses inhabit coastal areas of north eastern Canada and Greenland.
Atlantic walruses inhabit coastal areas of northeastern Canada and Greenland.
Atlantic walruses inhabit regions.
Atlantic walruses live in areas.
Atlantic walruses live in coastal areas.
Atlantic walruses live in the coastal areas along northeastern Canada to Greenland.
Most atlantic walruses inhabit regions.
Most atlantic walruses live in areas.
Most atlantic walruses live in coastal areas.
Atlantic waves break on the eastern side.
Atlantic wolffish have an elongated shape.
Atlantic has (part) Bahamas.
Atlantic has (part) Iceland.
Atlantic isa thing.
Most Atlantis modules employ quick-connect electrical plug connectors for ease of installation.
Atlantoaxial dislocation refers to a problem caused by hypotonia.
Atlantoaxial instability can develop due to abnormally shaped cervical vertebrae.
An atlas is a column
Atlas isa book.
Atlas takes care to select travel agents who are responsible, courteous, and efficient.
Atlases add a geographical dimension to the study of the era.
Atlases are aircrafts.
Atlases are also often tailor-made for a given area.
Atlases are available for every state as well as a large number of countries.
Atlases are available for the brain, the nervous system, the thoracic viscera, and the knee.
Atlases are bones.
Atlases are books containing world, national, regional, state and city maps and text.
Atlases are books of maps.
Atlases are books that have maps and geographic information.
Atlases are collection of maps or charts bound in a volume.
Atlases are collections of distribution maps of plant species.
Atlases are columns.
Atlases are craters.
Atlases are for reference only.
Atlases are located in bookstores.
Atlases are located in countries.
Atlases are located in moons.
Atlases are many and diverse in nature.
Atlases are maps bound together as books.
Atlases are non-circulating.
Atlases are particularly good sources for thematic and historical maps.
Atlases are planets.
Atlases are primarily collections of maps.
Atlases are reference books.
Atlases are reference work.
Atlases are rockets.
Atlases are spacecrafts.
Atlases are stars.
Atlases are the highest charged with information geographic documents.
Atlases can cover the entire globe, or specific geographic regions.
Atlases contain maps and other geographical information.
Atlases contain plat maps of townships that show owners of individual parcels of land.
Atlases document the development of geographic knowledge and provide information on colonization.
Atlases have (part) artwork.
Atlases have (part) cartoons.
Atlases have (part) chapters.
Atlases have (part) dictionary entries.
Atlases have (part) items.
Atlases have (part) page numbers.
Atlases have (part) paragraphs.
Atlases have (part) sections.
Atlases have (part) word order.
Atlases have maps.
Atlases identify places mentioned in the collection of online texts.
Atlases report land areas in square miles or square kilometers.
Atlases use symbols to define capital cities, rivers, and mountains.
Atlases usually cover natural hydrologic units, such as drainage basins.
Many atlases also contain thematic maps covering a variety of topics.
Many atlases contain a disproportionate amount of information about the country that published it.
Many atlases give the latitude and longitude against the place names in the index.
Most atlases are in the online catalog.
Most atlases circulate.
Most atlases contain gazetteers.
Most atlases have elevation contours.
Some atlases are also available in electronic format .
Some atlases contain many beautiful satellite pictures of the earth.
Some atlases contain statistics such as population, economic factors, weather, and other facts.
Some atlases provide one or two pictures showing typical clinical presentations of a condition.
Some atlases raise more specific problems.
Some atlases use alpha-numeric coordinates.
Atlow soils are on hills and mountain crests, shoulders, summits and side slopes.
Atlow soils are on mountain and hill summits, crests, shoulders and side slopes.
Atlow soils have thin lime coatings on undersides of rock fragments in the argillic horizon.
An atm is an unit
ATMs also increase sales.
ATMs are also available in all cities.
ATMs are also date based.
ATMs are available all over the city and in major towns.
ATMs are available at all banks but dispense local currency only.
ATMs are available during each building's regular office hours.
ATMs are available in Gold Beach for purposes of cash withdrawal.
ATMs are available throughout the country.
ATMs are available with low transaction fees.
ATMs are available.
ATMs are basically computer terminals connected to a mainframe or a computer network.
ATMs are cheaper than tellers, and so are telephone centers.
ATMs are common and live tellers scarce.
ATMs are common in all towns.
ATMs are common in Hanoi, rarer than opposition posters in Yangon.
ATMs are convenient for criminals, too.
ATMs are convenient for people.
ATMs are costly to own and to operate.
ATMs are deadly.
ATMs are easy to find all over Europe in such places as airports and banks.
ATMs are easy to find.
Atms are electrical devices.
ATMs are everywhere for accessing cash.
ATMs are everywhere in eastern Europe.
ATMs are everywhere in the city but rare in country towns.
ATMs are Everywhere.
ATMs are expensive machines with an average useful life of ten to fifteen years.
ATMs are expensive to offer.
ATMs are expensive to operate.
ATMs are expensive.
ATMs are fast, they're everywhere, and they're always open.
ATMs are few and far between.
ATMs are in many grocery stores, convenience stores and bank branches.
ATMs are in most grocery stores and at most bank branches.
ATMs are in the process of being reborn.
ATMs are machines that dispense cash on demand.
Atms are mechanical devices.
ATMs are no different.
ATMs are plentiful in towns and cities.
ATMs are simpler to load and balance than a cash drawer.
ATMs are ubiquitous.
ATMs are usually easy to find, and often have the best exchange rates.
ATMs are very popular in European cities.
ATMs are widespread and all major credit cards are widely accepted.
ATMs are widespread.
ATMs charge an additional fee for advances.
ATMs generate revenue.
ATMs have text displays for instructions and keypads for entering transaction information.
ATMs keep an internal printout of account numbers, as an audit trail.
ATMs seem to be everywhere.
Most ATMs have more than one kiosk to chose from.
Some ATMs allow people to do more than take money out .
Some ATMs allow people to do more than take money out.
Some ATMs are in locales that can be dangerous, especially at night.
An atmosphere is a condition
Atmosphere abounds, making it a great place to meet friends or make new ones.
Atmosphere also creates the mood of a painting . . .
Atmosphere becomes more costly by the day.
Atmosphere can be important, too.
Atmosphere can make or break a storytelling period.
Atmosphere celebrates their homecoming from their eastern U.S. tour by headlining.
Atmosphere creates environment.
Atmosphere depends on the DJ of the night.
Atmosphere drives the game forward.
Atmosphere helps the artist immensely.
Atmosphere imposes a gravitational field on the gas.
Atmosphere inside is slightly loungy with velvet bench seating around the perimeter.
Atmosphere introduces distortions - stars twinkle.
Atmosphere is a bit more upscale.
Atmosphere is a broth.
Atmosphere is a complete system that offers high performance and true immersion for end-users.
Atmosphere is a critical distinguishing factor.
Atmosphere is a crucial factor.
Atmosphere is a set of two spheres.
Atmosphere is a very intangible thing.
Atmosphere is affected by lighting, noise, and ventilation.
Atmosphere is also a big plus.
Atmosphere is also a layer of gases surrounding a planet, moon, or star.
Atmosphere is an exchange pool for carbon dioxide.
Atmosphere is another way to provide an attractive shopping experience.
Atmosphere is bound to change after results are out.
Atmosphere is bright and cheerful.
Atmosphere is casual and fun.
Atmosphere is casual and service is quick and accommodating.
Atmosphere is casual, but cooking is serious.
Atmosphere is clubby, service is top-notch.
Atmosphere is comfortable with lots of wood and a well layed out dining area with a small lounge.
Atmosphere is comfortable, no pressure.
Atmosphere is cool.
Atmosphere is crucial to a successful meeting.
Atmosphere is down right horifying.
Atmosphere is elegant, service superb.
Atmosphere is elegantly simple, service is quiet and unobtrusive, but always there.
Atmosphere is enormously important and requires fine crafting.
Atmosphere is everything in a film.
Atmosphere is everything, and the plot is merely adumbrated.
Atmosphere is everything.
Atmosphere is excellent, as are voice overs.
Atmosphere is fabulous.
Atmosphere is familiar and simple.
Atmosphere is festive and jubilant.
Atmosphere is festive and relaxed.
Atmosphere is found in the most unlikely of places.
Atmosphere is friendly, the decor especially charming. . . .
Atmosphere is fun though.
Atmosphere is great for a date or for serious shooters.
Atmosphere is great too, a big stone fireplace and clean spacious surroundings.
Atmosphere is great, but it's no substitute for understandable action.
Atmosphere is great, has great food, with service to match.
Atmosphere is important.
Atmosphere is intimate.
Atmosphere is kinda dark, but comfy.
Atmosphere is king here.
Atmosphere is less dense and thick, the sun and the stars seem to be brighter.
Atmosphere is light and airy, but sometimes noisy.
Atmosphere is light and friendly.
Atmosphere is lively and friendly.
Atmosphere is lively and usually crowded.
Atmosphere is menacing and monstrous.
Atmosphere is more fun than many Mission taquerias.
Atmosphere is more relaxed and open.
Atmosphere is now very, very congenial.
Atmosphere is one of elegance complimenting the prize winning cuisine.
Atmosphere is one of reason and negotiation.
Atmosphere is priority.
Atmosphere is provided by a set of crumbling columns and a brick wall.
Atmosphere is quiet, even with a full house.
Atmosphere is relaxed, joyous.
Atmosphere is relaxed, with quick and pleasant service.
Atmosphere is relaxed.
Atmosphere is scarier than flash.
Atmosphere is serene and service is both courteous and friendly.
Atmosphere is smooth.
Atmosphere is stable if a parcel of air is colder than the surrounding area.
Atmosphere is tense.
Atmosphere is the air around an object in space.
Atmosphere is the blanket of air around the earth.
Atmosphere is the gaseous envelope which surrounds the Earth.
Atmosphere is the most changeable part of the climate system.
Atmosphere is the outermost Earth sphere enclosing the other ones.
Atmosphere is the thing.
Atmosphere is the underlying tone or spirit of a passage.
Atmosphere is transparent to solar radiation, no clouds.
Atmosphere is unstable if a parcel of air is warmer than the surrunding air.
Atmosphere is upbeat and lively.
Atmosphere is usually always lively too.
Atmosphere is very American, with big comfy booths.
Atmosphere is very big here, as funky bottles and books hide in the nooks of exposed brick walls.
Atmosphere is very important in a local church.
Atmosphere is very pleasant, expecially dining outdoors.
Atmosphere is warm and orders.
Atmosphere is warm and tables for two are relatively private.
Atmosphere is warm, friendly, and family.
Atmosphere is what distinguishes one part of the beach from another.
Atmosphere isa region.
Atmosphere makes one's thinking much cloudier, and hence makes the problem more complex.
Atmosphere means more to baseball than any other sport.
Atmosphere plays a huge role in the business.
Atmosphere plays heavy in the decision, as does service.
Atmosphere protects earth from UV, meteorites, solar wind.
Atmosphere recyclers off-line, of course.
Atmosphere transports shoppers into the earthy, open-air marketplaces of Morocco, Arabia and India.
Atmospheres absorb light.
Atmospheres absorb ultraviolet light.
Atmospheres affect climates.
Atmospheres affect sound.
Atmospheres affect storms.
Atmospheres affect thunder sound.
Atmospheres affect tropical storms.
Atmospheres are bands.
Atmospheres are conditions.
Atmospheres are gases.
Atmospheres are located in skies.
Atmospheres are open space.
Atmospheres are part of earth.
Atmospheres are part of skies.
Atmospheres are part of worlds.
Atmospheres are regions.
Atmospheres are weather.
Atmospheres can complicate the model.
Atmospheres cause acid rain.
Atmospheres cause damage.
Atmospheres cause intense rain.
Atmospheres cause rain.
Atmospheres change over time.
Atmospheres consist of layers.
Atmospheres contain abundant moisture.
Atmospheres contain carbon dioxide.
Atmospheres contain certain pollutants.
Atmospheres contain chemicals.
Atmospheres contain clouds.
Atmospheres contain dioxide.
Atmospheres contain gases.
Atmospheres contain greenhouse gases.
Atmospheres contain hydrocarbons.
Atmospheres contain hydrogen.
Atmospheres contain moisture.
Atmospheres contain nitrogen.
Atmospheres contain oxygen.
Atmospheres contain pollutants.
Atmospheres contain sufficient oxygen.
Atmospheres contain water.
Atmospheres cover with clouds.
Atmospheres cover with thick clouds.
Atmospheres create effects.
Atmospheres create greenhouse effects.
Atmospheres create light.
Atmospheres create strong effects.
Atmospheres create strong greenhouse effects.
Atmospheres create strong wind.
Atmospheres create wind.
Atmospheres encourage growth.
Atmospheres encourage professional growth.
Atmospheres exert pressure.
Atmospheres have (part) air space.
Atmospheres have abundances.
Atmospheres have chemistry.
Atmospheres have compositions.
Atmospheres have dramatic effects on the surfaces of rocky bodies.
Atmospheres have effects.
Atmospheres have humidity.
Atmospheres have oxygen.
Atmospheres have percent oxygen.
Atmospheres have relative humidity.
Atmospheres have states.
Atmospheres have surfaces.
Atmospheres have undesirable effects.
Atmospheres have variation.
Atmospheres have waves.
Atmospheres have wind.
Atmospheres hold vapor.
Atmospheres hold water vapor.
Atmospheres include carbon dioxide.
Atmospheres include dioxide.
Atmospheres node .
Atmospheres present problems.
Atmospheres produce light.
Atmospheres produce wind.
Atmospheres range from casual to formal, classically simple to ultra-deluxe.
Atmospheres range from cozy and comfy to swinging and single, and many feature live entertainment.
Atmospheres range from fast-food to formal.
Atmospheres reflect light.
Atmospheres reflect sunlight.
Atmospheres suffer from pollution.
Atmospheres sustain life.
Atmospheres use sunlight.
All atmosphere has escaped, so there are many craters.
More atmosphere means more molecules to scatter the violet and blue light.
Most atmospheres absorb light.
Most atmospheres absorb ultraviolet light.
Most atmospheres affect climates.
Most atmospheres affect sound.
Most atmospheres affect storms.
Most atmospheres affect thunder sound.
Most atmospheres affect tropical storms.
Most atmospheres are part of worlds.
Most atmospheres cause acid rain.
Most atmospheres cause damage.
Most atmospheres cause intense rain.
Most atmospheres cause rain.
Most atmospheres change over time.
Most atmospheres consist of layers.
Most atmospheres contain abundant moisture.
Most atmospheres contain carbon dioxide.
Most atmospheres contain certain pollutants.
Most atmospheres contain chemicals.
Most atmospheres contain clouds.
Most atmospheres contain dioxide.
Most atmospheres contain gases.
Most atmospheres contain greenhouse gases.
Most atmospheres contain hydrocarbons.
Most atmospheres contain hydrogen.
Most atmospheres contain moisture.
Most atmospheres contain nitrogen.
Most atmospheres contain oxygen.
Most atmospheres contain pollutants.
Most atmospheres contain sufficient oxygen.
Most atmospheres contain water.
Most atmospheres cover with clouds.
Most atmospheres cover with thick clouds.
Most atmospheres create effects.
Most atmospheres create greenhouse effects.
Most atmospheres create light.
Most atmospheres create strong effects.
Most atmospheres create strong greenhouse effects.
Most atmospheres create strong wind.
Most atmospheres create wind.
Most atmospheres encourage growth.
Most atmospheres encourage professional growth.
Most atmospheres exert pressure.
Baby walkers put children at increased risk for burns, poisonings, and drownings.
Baby whales receive blood.
Baby whales receive nutrient rich blood.
Baby whales receive rich blood.
Baby wildebeest are born in the middle of their herd and can run just minutes after birth.
Baby wipes are also very helpful in cleaning up all over at the end of a long day.
Baby wipes are good to bring in the car, as well as little bottles of water.
Baby wipes are great for removing pencil, chalk or crayon from walls.
Baby wipes are helpful, also, for the extra drips and overspray.
Baby wipes are surprisingly effective on clothing stains.
Baby wipes are useful for clean-up.
Baby wipes can remove a multitude of sins.
Baby wolves are as cute as little puppies.
Baby wolves can grow-up faster than people.
Baby wolves get a lot of loving care from the moment they are born.
Baby wombats stay with mothers.
Baby zebras are called foals and are usually born solo after a year long pregnancy.
Baby zebras are called foals.
A baby is a child
Babies accept cold or room temperature foods, making warming unnecessary.
Babies accompany mothers.
Babies acquire some antibodies from the mother, usually only active for a few months.
Babies actually have survival instincts from the very start.
Babies actually thrive on it.
Babies aged under one are totally dependent on their carers and are physically fragile.
Babies also can get herpes if they are kissed by someone with a cold sore.
Babies also can use their memories to anticipate the future.
Babies also develop aggression very early on.
Babies also enjoy toys.
Babies also have an undeveloped immune system.
Babies also have differences in how alert they are during the time they are awake.
Babies also learn about communication through crying.
Babies also learn to associate it with closeness and tenderness.
Babies also love to hear language that bounces and rhymes.
Babies also receive their first speech lessons in the womb.
Babies also respond according to their temperament.
Babies also sit in a comfortable position for suitable napping.
Babies also start to learn about the world they have just become a part of.
Babies also tend to sleep a lot while being treated for jaundice, waking only for feedings.
Babies also use sucking to calm themselves when they are upset.
Babies also wean very quickly and with less difficulty than ever before.
Babies appear so innocent, and it's strange to think of a baby killing in cold blood.
Babies appear thin and frail.
Babies are a blissful handful.
Babies are a gift from god.
Babies are a joy.
Babies are a lot less fragile than they seem.
Babies are a peculiar lot.
Babies are a rusty orange, but when they reach adulthood, they turn a silvery gray.
Babies are able to take a bottle or nurse comfortably and are able to smile and coo.
Babies are adaptable and sleep more than toddlers.
Babies are adorable, but they're kind of like a wrapped package.
Babies are adult spirits in infant bodies.
Babies are alive today because of the intervention of sidewalk counselors.
Babies are all different.
Babies are all white at birth.
Babies are almost always happier when carried.
Babies are almost never allergic to their mother's milk.
Babies are also fed with salt to increase their blood pressure, death follows in a few minutes.
Babies are also healthier and breastfeed more easily.
Babies are also ready to learn how to point to their nose, eyes, ears and mouth.
Babies are also sensitive to a parent's mood through touch.
Babies are also simply more vulnerable to disease.
Babies are also welcome at meetings.
Babies are always our special guests.
Babies are always prone to infection.
Babies are always welcome at meetings as are all women interested in breastfeeding.
Babies are always welcome at our meetings as well as all women interested in breastfeeding.
Babies are always welcome at our meetings.
Babies are always welcome in the sanctuary.
Babies are always welcome.
Babies are as different from each other as are adults.
Babies are as sensitive to pain as anyone else.
Babies are as small as a man's thumbnail.
Babies are at increased risk for bacterial meningitis compared to people in other age groups.
Babies are at risk of acquiring a chlamydial infection from their infected mother.
Babies are at risk when the antibody defense system is weak.
Babies are at risk without an immunoglobulin to fight the germs that invade.
Babies are at risk without breast fed milk to transfer of immunity from the mother.
Babies are at risk without the transfer of the immune system from the mother.
Babies are at risk without the transfer of the immunity from the mother.
Babies are at the highest risk for SIDS during their sleep .
Babies are at the highest risk for SIDS during their sleep.
Babies are available different times of the year.
Babies are aware and feeling human beings from well before the time of birth.
Babies are babies.
Babies are back.
Babies are big business for zoos, guaranteed crowd-pleasers and revenue raisers.
Babies are black when born.
Babies are blind and totally dependent on their mothers for two or three months.
Babies are blind when they are born.
Babies are born about five weeks after mating .
Babies are born about five weeks after mating.
Babies are born and raised, the food is cooked.
Babies are born blind.
Babies are born brightly colored and take off on their own as soon as they're born.
Babies are born helpless.
Babies are born in a hidden underground den, rock crevices or caves.
Babies are born in hospital, old people die there.
Babies are born in spring or fall, and females reproduce every two to three years.
Babies are born live, encased in a thin membrane that they puncture after being born.
Babies are born live.
Babies are born naked and blind in a special burrow, or stop, made by the doe.
Babies are born outside of the burrows, but move inside shortly afterward.
Babies are born through the middle one.
Babies are born through the space between the three bones of a woman 's pelvis .
Babies are born through the space between the three bones of a woman's pelvis.
Babies are born with a sterile environment inside.
Babies are born with a whole set of reflexes that essentially enables their survival.
Babies are born with active sebaceous glands and therefore can develop acne.
Babies are born with an eye for beauty.
Babies are born with individual differences in personality, or temperament differences.
Babies are born with up to three litter mates and are suckled for six weeks.
Babies are born without fur but develop a full coat in a week.
Babies are born.
Babies are both with curious minds and want to learn about their world.
Babies are breastfed in the context of bottles and formula.
Babies are breast-fed until about two years of age.
Babies are bright orange color when born.
Babies are called calves or cubs.
Babies are called joeys .
Babies are called joeys.
Babies are called kits or kittens and are born blind.
Babies are called newborns during their first month of life.
Babies are called pigs.
Babies are capable of cries.
Babies are capable of defending themselves, and are often more venomous and aggressive than adults.
Babies are capable of giggles.
Babies are capable of nurses.
Babies are capable of wet diapers.
Babies are carefully and meaningfully named, and their names are alterable over time.
Babies are children.
Babies are closed banded.
Babies are conscious and spiritual.
Babies are cranky and cry when they're cutting new teeth, and it's no picnic for parents, either.
Babies are created by humans.
Babies are created by parents.
Babies are created by sex.
Babies are crying, people are tired and perhaps sick.
Babies are curious about everything.
Babies are curious.
Babies are cute and cuddly and great for selling everything from peanuts to politicians.
Babies are cute, but they're a gigantic responsibility.
Babies are cute, they are really, really cute.
Babies are cute.
Babies are death - or at least are the beginning of death.
Babies are dependent on their mothers for up to two years.
Babies are determined to walk.
Babies are duller in color until they molt and occasionally have some red on the top of the head.
Babies are easy to feed.
Babies are easy to make.
Babies are easy to tame.
Babies are especially at risk of irritation from their diapers and excessive heavy clothing.
Babies are especially sensitive to the effects of methylene blue.
Babies are especially vulnerable.
Babies are expensive and hard work.
Babies are expensive and there is no social help for couples with children.
Babies are extraordinarily susceptible to pesticides.
Babies are extremely sensitive to smell.
Babies are extremely susceptible to the impacts of hormone disruption.
Babies are fairly resilient, they thrive on physical stimulation.
Babies are fascinating, mysterious, and just plain weird.
Babies are fed mysid and brine shrimp, and adults are fed fish, crabs and shrimp.
Babies are fetuses.
Babies are for sissies.
Babies are frequently stillborn, and spontaneous abortion during pregnancy is common.
Babies are fun to create, although they are a hell of a lot of work for a long time.
Babies are fun.
Babies are funny like that.
Babies are generally far more resilient than new parents realize.
Babies are gifts from above.
Babies are gifts of love.
Babies are great.
Babies are hairless at birth except for a few patches of fine, silvery-gray fur.
Babies are hand-fed from day one for loving pets.
Babies are hand-fed.
Babies are hard at work whenever they are awake trying to learn all about the world.
Babies are hard at work whenever they are awake, trying to learn all about the world.
Babies are having babies, some people prize their BMWs more than their children.
Babies are healthier and happier when massaged regularly, inquire today about our next class series.
Babies are healthy and develop normally for the first few months of life.
Babies are helpless.
Babies are hideously ugly.
Babies are immortal.
Babies are in their mother's stomach.
Babies are inconvenient.
Babies are incredibly resilient and smart.
Babies are individuals.
Babies are infinitely, excitingly, actually delicious.
Babies are initially selfish and greedy.
Babies are innocent human beings.
Babies are innocents.
Babies are interested in everything.
Babies are introduced to solid food about six months of age.
Babies are irresistible, especially when swaddled in a plush, warm blanket.
Babies are like pancakes.
Babies are likely to crumple, shake, and chew books just as they do with other things.
Babies are likely to pick up colds and other minor illnesses.
Babies are likely to wake up frequently as they move from deep to light sleep in any sleep cycle.
Babies are little angels.
Babies are located in cradles.
Babies are located in cribs.
Babies are located in houses.
Babies are located in rugs.
Babies are located in wombs.
Babies are loud, annoying, and dirty.
Babies are messy and they make messes.
Babies are messy.
Babies are miracles.
Babies are miraculous.
Babies are more content and less colicky.
Babies are more likely to accept a bottle from anyone other than mother.
Babies are more likely to reject a cornea transplant than adults.
Babies are more likely to suffer from food allergies.
Babies are more susceptible to sun burning.
Babies are more vulnerable to candida because their immune systems are still immature.
Babies are most comfortable in loose, soft clothes.
Babies are mostly fed insects and sometimes fruits.
Babies are much more conscious than they're given credit for.
Babies are much more likely to survive at birth, as are mothers.
Babies are naturally curious and interactive.
Babies are naturally healthy, happy and active.
Babies are naturally healthy, happy, and active.
Babies are naturally inquisitive and can get into lots of trouble around the house.
Babies are nearly naked, coming out of the shell wet.
Babies are nestbound for six weeks.
Babies are never ashamed of themselves.
Babies are never candidates for discipline or physical punishment.
Babies are never candidates for discipline.
Babies are nighttime people.
Babies are no different.
Babies are notoriously selfish.
Babies are now able to swallow solids.
Babies are nowhere near complicated.
Babies are offsprings.
Babies are on ECMO for an average of five days.
Babies are on their feet and nursing within the first hour.
Babies are only small for a while.
Babies are our business.
Babies are part of that everyone.
Babies are particularly attuned to the form of speech known as motherese.
Babies are particularly susceptible to nitrates in drinking water.
Babies are particularly vulnerable.
Babies are precious, but an unplanned pregnancy can create stress and turmoil.
Babies are precious.
Babies are pretty damn tender.
Babies are pretty forgiving creatures.
Babies ARE pretty good to eat.
Babies are primarily carnivorous.
Babies are prone to dysbiosis, which is one of the leading reasons that babies.
Babies are quick to pick up parental fears and feelings.
Babies are ready to be born.
Babies are ready very early to learn what kinds there are.
Babies are safer without pillows.
Babies are scary too.
Babies are sensitive or sometimes allergic to remaining detergent in clothes.
Babies are sensitive to the determinants of phonological class.
Babies are similar to adults.
Babies are six times more likely to die in their first year of life.
Babies are smaller than kids and adults.
Babies are smart.
Babies are so cuddly.
Babies are so cute and sweet.
Babies are so delighted by the visual attractions that they forget to fuss.
Babies are so precious.
Babies are so warm and appealing, so unassuming, so vulnerable.
Babies are social.
Babies are sometimes too fragile, too small, or just too silly to cope with an aggressive older rat.
Babies are special no matter where they are born.
Babies are specially vulnerable to UV radiation and also to overheating.
Babies are startled.
Babies are still too young to have developed a conscience.
Babies are strange creatures.
Babies are stupid.
Babies are sturdier than they look.
Babies are such a nice way to start people.
Babies are susceptible to bacteria.
Babies are susceptible to fungus problems.
Babies are susceptible to many kinds of infections.
Babies are susceptible to parasites.
Babies are susceptible to virus infections.
Babies are sweet, begin to talk early and thus sell well.
Babies are sweeter and more nurturing in personality and love to be rocked to sleep.
Babies are takers.
Babies are the best Deep Listeners.
Babies are the big exception.
Babies are the hottest plush line in the history of plush.
Babies are the most at risk .
Babies are the MOST inquisitive of people.
Babies are the same as they've always been.
Babies are the sweetest things on earth-impossibly cute and infinitely lovable.
Babies are their own experts in eating.
Babies are there, but high boots are also available, despite their higher price.
Babies are too hungry in the morning to enjoy experimenting with solid foods.
Babies are too sensitive for anything else.
Babies are too young to understand, so they don t learn from spanking.
Babies are totally focused on getting and giving love every moment of every day.
Babies are tough.
Babies are transportable - to friends' houses, shops, even galleries or museums.
Babies are typically snappy, but they are small and the bites are harmless.
Babies are unable to produce sufficient amounts of the nutrient on their own.
Babies are unpredictable and can cry a lot.
Babies are unpredictable.
Babies are unstable.
Babies are usually able to go home within two to three days after the operation.
Babies are usually just fine when flying with a cold .
Babies are utterly psychic.
Babies are very active and quite strong.
Babies are very active little people, as busy in their own way as any athlete.
Babies are very attracted to contrasting colors such as black and white, red and yellow, etc.
Babies are very cute and enjoyable part of the time.
Babies are very delicate.
Babies are very efficient iron absorbers.
Babies are very forgiving.
Babies are very fragile.
Babies are very self centered.
Babies are very sensitive to alcohol and can easily overdose.
Babies are very sensitive.
Babies are very special people.
Babies are very young.
Babies are weak and dependent, so are children and old people.
Babies are weaned to a nutritious varied diet.
Babies are weird.
Babies are welcome and desired.
Babies are welcome at all meetings.
Babies are welcome in the classroom only when they are breastfeeding or sleeping.
Babies are welcome to come along.
Babies are welcome to come with parents and care givers.
Babies are welcome too.
Babies are welcome, too.
Babies are welcome.
Babies are white all over.
Babies are wonderful vocalizers.
Babies are wonderful.
Babies are young mammals.
Babies arrive daily, sometimes quads and triplets, and there are always bottle lambs to feed.
Babies attain weight.
Babies bear to women.
Babies become accustomed to mastering new environments, and have a chance to be really loud.
Babies become excited by the disappearance and reassuring reappearance of a familiar face.
Babies become socially dysfunctional if mothers are unresponsive to their needs.
Babies become teenagers.
Babies begin feeding on hopper mice.
Babies begin formal language training in the womb.
Babies begin learning immediately from what they see.
Babies begin life with the ability to perceive and reproduce sounds from any language.
Babies begin life.
Babies begin solitary life.
Babies begin to build their knowledge by exploration of everything they can see and touch.
Babies begin to develop a sense of humor.
Babies begin to learn from the moment they are born.
Babies begin to learn rapidly from the moment they are born.
Babies begin to learn self-control when they begin to soothe themselves.
Babies begin to learn the meaning of specific words by seeing the object and hearing the word.
Babies begin to show pleasure in their interactions with their parents.
Babies begin to suck on their fingers or thumbs even before they are born.
Babies begin to suck on thumbs and fingers before they are born.
Babies begin to understand how the world works when they see, touch, hold, and shake things.
Babies begin to understand that hands are extensions of themselves.
Babies begin with a sexual act.
Babies behave much less civilly than dogs.
Babies belong to women.
Babies benefit from early treatments.
Babies benefit from treatments.
Babies born after embryo cryopreservation are just as healthy as babies conceived spontaneously.
Babies born at least three months prematurely are particularly vulnerable.
Babies born before thirty-seven weeks of gestation are considered to be preterm.
Babies born by cesarean section usually have more normally shaped heads.
Babies born early have an increased risk of developing medical complications.
Babies born even mildly premature are more than twice as likely to die in infancy.
Babies born in water tend to be quiet and calm, although alert.
Babies born into loving hands learn to treat others with respect.
Babies born prematurely also are at risk for vision loss from other conditions like lazy eye.
Babies born prematurely are at risk for a host of complications.
Babies born prematurely are lucky to have charcoal stoves as incubators.
Babies born prematurely die more often in their first year of life than others .
Babies born prematurely die more often in their first year of life than others.
Babies born prematurely have developmental problems later in life.
Babies born prematurely often experience several health problems.
Babies born prematurely remain healthy.
Babies born so young often do quite well, then get worse very quickly.
Babies born through managed care programs are healthier than the national average.
Babies born to abused women are more likely to be low birth weight and premature.
Babies born to abused women are more likely to be underweight and premature.
Babies born to addicted mothers show signs of shortened attention spans and violent rages.
Babies born to crack-addicted parents have serious medical problems with lifelong consequences.
Babies born to drinking mothers are physically smaller than the babies of non-drinkers.
Babies born to heavy-drinking parents often have mental and physical defects.
Babies born to heroin-addicted mothers often have withdrawal symptoms similar to adults.
Babies born to illiterate girls are less likely to survive to adulthood.
Babies born to Indigenous mothers are more likely than other babies to die around the time of birth.
Babies born to infected mothers also can contract the disease.
Babies born to infected mothers are also at risk.
Babies born to infected mothers can also become infected.
Babies born to infected women are also at risk.
Babies born to iodine-deficient mothers are especially at risk of mental impairment.
Babies born to iodine-deficient mothers are lethargic and difficult to feed.
Babies born to mothers living in poverty more often have a low birth weight.
Babies born to mothers who are too young are also much more likely to die in the first year of life.
Babies born to mothers who drink can develop fetal alcohol syndrome.
Basque speakers are slightly more loyal to their language.
Basque stitch creates a line of twisted loops which looks good on a curved line.
Basque surnames are names of houses, families toke their houses names as family's names.
Basque surnames are names of houses.
Basque vocabulary is very extent.
Basque vowels are simple.
Every Basque word is shown here in italics .
Every bass angler has to face it.
Many bass anglers have the misconception that in-line spinners work only in streams or rivers.
Most bass anglers prefer artificial lures but largemouths can also be take with live bait.
Some bass anglers are big on using scented products but frown on natural baits.
All bass boats come with livewells, trolling motor, and depth finder.
All bass boats come with livewells, trolling motors, and depth finders.
A bass drum is a drum
All bass drums are available with or without tom mount.
Many bass fishermen consider weeds to be the ultimate cover for bass.
Some bass fishermen die after crashes.
Some bass fishermen shoot to death.
Bass larvae feed on zooplankton.
Many bass lines are very simple, and yet they add so much to a song.
All bass players are welcome at any time.
Bass reproduction involves power.
Bass attains weight.
Bass becomes sound.
Bass consumes food.
Bass has ability.
Bass has eyes.
Bass has frequency ranges.
Bass has large mouths.
Bass has mouths.
Bass has ranges.
Bass has red eyes.
Bass has skulls.
Bass has tails.
Bass is ale.
Bass is fish.
Bass is freshwater fish.
Bass is instruments.
Bass is located in jazz bands.
Bass is located in lakes.
Bass is located in music stores.
Bass is located in quartets.
Bass is located in rivers.
Bass is located in water.
Bass is musical instruments.
Bass is parts.
Bass is perchs.
Bass is pitch
Bass is pitch.
Bass is singers.
Bass is sound.
Bass is used for catchings.
Bass is used for eating.
Bass is used for eats.
Bass is used for fun.
Bass is used for nourishment.
Bass is used for playing.
Bass isa seafood.
Bass lives in shallow water.
Bass lives in water.
Bass occupies habitats.
Bass weighs lbs.
Bass weighs pounds.
Basses are adequate while high and middle ends purr.
Basses are also conical bore instruments.
Basses are at retail stores that sell bass guitar,and bass amps.
Basses are bold, while middle and high ends are clean.
Basses are decent, while middle and high ends are clean.
Basses are deep and rumbling and high-end effects and dialogue are crystal clear.
Basses are effective, while high and middle ends are clean.
Basses are extremely subtle, but middle and high ends purr.
Basses are generous, while treble is sharp.
Basses are good, while high and middle ranges sound clean.
Basses are kings, wisemen or priests.
Basses are light, but middle and high ends are clean and purr.
Basses are light, but middle and high ends purr.
Basses are old.
Basses are powerful, while middle and high ends purr they're so clean.
Basses are strong and exciting, while middle and high ends purr with perfection.
Basses are strong and powerful when needed, while high ends are pure.
Basses are strong and powerful, while high ends are clean.
Basses are strong, while middle and high ends are so clean they squeak.
Basses are stronger, dialogue is crisper and the instrumentations are much cleaner.
Basses are very light and very comfortable.
Basses are very quiet, while surround effects are minimal at best.
Basses can be funny.
Basses come complete with stage stand and heavy duty padded gig bag.
Basses darkly echo the lamentation.
Basses hate tuning the tenors more than almost anything else.
Basses lack punch because of slow attack of envelopes.
Basses never wear out.
Basses play the bottom stave.
Basses sound the first call in a line that is great fun to sing.
All basses have a body, a neck and strings.
Many bass live in or near North America .
Many bass live in or near North America.
Many basses use steel cable instead of tailpiece wire, which is more adjustible and flexible.
More bass eat more bream, and the survivors grow faster because more food per fish is available.
Most bass are carnivorous and belong to one of three families.
Most bass are on spawning beds now.
Most bass are small and slow-growing, but an occasional trophy is caught.
Most bass attains weight.
Most bass becomes sound.
Most bass has ability.
Most bass has eyes.
Most bass has frequency ranges.
Most bass has large mouths.
Most bass has mouths.
Most bass has ranges.
Most bass has red eyes.
Most bass has tails.
Most bass lives in shallow water.
Most bass move out to deeper, more open, water.
Most bass occupies habitats.
Most basses are bass-baritones, just as most contraltos are mezzos with some extra low notes.
Some bass eats fish.
Some bass eats little fish.
Some bass fills basins.
Some bass follow baitfish into open water.
Some bass has bars.
Some bass has capacity.
Some bass has ears.
Some bass has fins.
Some bass has life.
Some bass has overall capacity.
Some bass has teeth.
Some bass makes prey.
Some bass moving toward beds, others are off.
Some bass provides protection.
Some bass serves active roles.
Some bass serves roles.
Some bass shows evidence.
Some basses feature pickups that can be set to passive or active mode .
Some basses feature pickups that can be set to passive or active mode.
Bassendean sands are grey sands that are further inland.
A basset hound is a hound
Basset hound is bred primarily for hunting.
Basset hounds are couch potatoes who laze around all day barely breathing.
Basset hounds are good companions to take on off-lead romps through the woods.
Basset hounds are less intelligent than other dogs.
Basset hounds are medium-sized dogs.
Basset hounds are short, heavy-bodied dogs with large, floppy ears that almost reach the ground.
Basset hounds are sweet and stubborn.
Basset hounds are sweet-natured dogs.
Basset hounds are usually black, white and tan or red and white.
Basset hounds are usually very active dogs that get into trouble regularly.
Basset hounds are wonderful, loving dog that are often mistaken for small dogs.
Most basset hounds tend to slobber .
A basset is a hound
Basset are pack animals who are good-tempered affectionate and loyal.
Bassets also needs plenty of exercise.
Bassets are a breed that are hardy and brave.
Bassets are at great risk for accidental drowning.
Bassets are available for adoption.
Bassets are bred for stamina.
Bassets are dogs.
Bassets are hounds.
Bassets are intelligent, gentle, and stronger than their short stature suggests.
Bassets are known as a vocal breed.
Bassets are large, short, solid and long, with curved sabre tails held high over their long backs.
Bassets are prone to obesity , and too much weight can stress their joints.
Bassets are so-called scent hounds and hence it can find any interesting smell.
Bassets are the best.
Bassets are used in hunting to detect the scent of game .
Bassets are used in hunting to detect the scent of game.
Bassets are very prone to back problems, and every extra pound increases the risk.
Bassets are very sociable and are best located as a family dog with a big fenced backyard.
Bassets are very stubborn.
Bassets can be easy to love.
Bassets can be hard to live with.
Bassets can be independent, with a mind of their own.
Bassets can easily drown.
Bassets do have one health problem that is predominant and that is ear infections.
Bassets drool and have a habit of getting their ears wet, when they shaking their heads.
Bassets follow no human commands.
Bassets have a great deal of endurance, so they enjoy taking long walks.
Bassets have a special hound scent.
Bassets have a tendency to put on weight fairly easily .
Bassets have an excellent sense of smell.
Bassets have easygoing temperaments , making males and females excellent pets.
Bassets like to do tricks for food.
Bassets like to eat and are prone to obesity .
Bassets love to go for regular walks with their owners.
Bassets make everyday seem brighter and a little more smelly.
Bassets shed a LOT despite their short coats.
Bassets shed all year round.
Bassets tend to be high on hock and so stand naturally with their hind legs well under their bodies.
Bassets tend to be very stoic.
Bassets tend to drool.
Bassets thrive in the woods.
Most Bassets prefer to be family dogs.
Most bassets respond well to a four-legged pal as a companion and playmate.
A bassinet is furniture
Bassinets are on casters so that they can be conveniently moved from room to room.
Bassinets have one other major drawback.
A bassist is a musician
Bassist is a system for Bayesian statistical analysis.
Bassist is a tool that automates the use of hierarchical Bayesian models in complex analysis tasks.
Bassists adjust the height of their instruments and violists practice swift arpeggios.
Bassists are a unique breed, spanning the entire musical gamut.
Bassists are invariably the most laid-back, coolest members of any band.
Bassists are less competitive than other instrumentalists.
Bassists are musicians.
Bassists have all the real opportunities when it comes to getting in something like a band.
Bassists typically use the index and middle finger .
Bassists typically use the index and middle finger.
Most bassists do it the other way around.
A bassoon is a reed
Bassoon is fun, but contrabassoon is much more fun.
Bassoon is much too complex and difficult to manage on less time.
Bassoon is very interesting and has a peculiar color of tone.
Bassoons are located in bands.
Bassoons are located in orchestras.
Bassoons are located in symphonies.
Bassoons are musical instruments.
Bassoons are such great fun.
Bassoons are used for music.
Bassoons are used for orchestras.
Bassoons are wind instruments.
Bassoons are woodwind instruments.
Bassoons are woodwinds.
Bassoons join with melodic fragment played staccato stings.
Some bassoons have a white, ivory ring round the top of the bell joint.
A basswood is wood
Basswood holds detail well.
Many basswood grow in the coves which provided wood for baskets and buckets.
Bast fiber is natural fibre
Bast fibers are also generally stiffer and stronger than cotton fibers.
Bast fibers come from the phloem tissues of dicotyledonous plants.
Bast fibres are seen in longitudinal view in powdered drugs.
Most bast fibres have no cell contents.
A bast is natural fibre
Bast isa fiber.
Bast isa fibre.
Bast opens up.
Bast represents grace and discipline.
Bast throws a festival for all gods.
Basts are natural fiber.
A bastard is a person
Bastards are offsprings.
Bastards are the hardest to spot because they can be very charming.
Bastards are variation.
Bastards can acquire the rights of legitimate children only by an act of the legislature.
Bastards have to make everything difficult.
Bastards tend to become bastards, and if they breed, they tend to beget bastards in turn.
All bastards have at least two parents, however.
Some bastards have all the luck.
Bastardized versions abound.
Baste contains, hoisin sauce, honey, sherry, soy sauce, gingerroot and garlic.
Baste hens with of mixture.
Baste zigzag the raw edges to basting line.
Baste zigzag the raw edges.
A bastinado is torturing
Bastinado is about right.
A basting is a wetting
Basting adds flavor and color, and prevents poultry from drying out.
Basting adds flavor and prevents surfaces of food from drying out.
Basting is an important step to have a nice looking potholder.
Basting is essential to get that tender white meat that people love.
Basting is important to the effectiveness of slow cooking lean meats.
Basting is recommended while cooking.
Basting is removed after sewing.
Basting is the stitching used to hold the three layers of fabric together while quilting.
Basting prevents burning and adds more flavor.
Basting prevents foods from drying out and adds color and flavor.
Basting When basting poultry at home, always use clean utensils to avoid cross-contamination.
Bastings are part of roasting.
A bastion is an organization
Bastions are spade-shaped widenings of the corners.
A bastnasite is a mineral
Bastnasite forms a series with the mineral hydroxylbasnasite .
Some bat boys use death.
Bat damage can include contaminated insulation from bat guano.
Bat file is edited or that particular program is deleted, the PC suddenly becomes noncompliant.
Bat flight is controlled by seventeen different pairs of muscles.
Bat guano can be the primary food for troglobites living in caves with an active bat population.
Bat habitats have basic requirements.
Bat habitats have requirements.
Some bat hawks eat bats.
Some bat hawks have distribution.
Some bat hawks have widespread distribution.
Bat houses are inexpensive and easy to build.
Bat houses are similar to bird houses in size and shape.
Bat houses promote public awareness of bats, although their effectiveness is uncertain.
Bat houses provide an artificial roosting site.
Bat reproduction occurs mostly upside down.
All bat roosts are protected by law, even when they are unoccupied.
All bat species have eyes and are capable of sight .
All bat species have eyes and are capable of sight.
Many bat species are in decline as a direct or indirect result of human activity.
Many bat species eat insects that damage crops and spread disease.
Many bat species mark their territory using scent glands on their neck and chin.
Many bat species respond well to such structures.
Many bat species suffer from small populations.
Most bat species leave in winter, permitting exclusion in their absence.
Some bat species eat a lot of harmful insects.
Some bat species eat fruit, nectar, pollen, smaller bats, birds and fish.
Some bat species live in caves only during the summer, some during the winter.
Some bat species migrate south.
Some bat species migrate to warmer areas.
Bat speed is all important.
Bat speed is another important element when measuring hitters.
Bat wings have structures.
Most bat wings have structures.
A bat is a mammal
BAT also provides paratransit services to the elderly and disabled.
BAT also provides technical assistance to current sponsors.
BAT exists solely to keep body temperature at a consistently normal level.
BAT has in the past and probably now still deals with criminal organised crime.
BAT has signature moves.
BAT images the target, and associated organs, daily at the time of treatment.
BAT is a lively and entertaining combination of discussions and hands-on activities.
BAT is a part of many schools' curricula and includes hands-on instruction.
BAT is a special tissue that burns fat rather than storing it.
BAT is an Internet worm.
BAT is appropriate for any organ that can be visualized by ultrasound.
BAT is more abundant and more active.
BAT is scheduled to be in use in three years.
BAT is the regular salary scale for public employees in Germany.
BAT is the second largest private cigarette manufacturer in the world.
BAT is the second-largest private cigarette manufacturer in the world.
Bat isa implement.
Bat isa mammal.
BAT provides registered apprenticeship services in all the States.
BAT provides technical consultation services on the development of the apprenticeship standards.
BAT requires sponsors to protect apprentices' health and welfare and provide high quality training.
BAT says that the citygobo site is still in a pilot stage.
BAT uses Total Product Quality.
Bats absorb heat.
Bats account for almost a quarter of all mammal species.
Bats actually echolocate using three different systems, depending on the species of bat.
Bats actually fly with a modified hand.
Bats adapt to rainforests.
Bats adaptively increases the number of sound pulses emitted as they approach a prey.
Bats also appear in stories about darkness, death, and night.
Bats also are pollinators of agave plants from which tequila is produced.
Bats also assist the birds and bees as a pollination agent.
Bats also concentrate on building up fat stores for the coming months.
Bats also control insect populations.
Bats also drop seeds in the rainforest.
Bats also find enough insects to eat around orchards and other agricultural areas.
Bats also have a heart, brain, lungs and all the other organs that humans have.
Bats also have good eyesight, especially in low light.
Bats also have the ability to fly, although their body's are very different.
Bats also have well-developed acoustic communication abilities.
Bats also help pollinate flowers.
Bats also invert our common beliefs regarding their eyesight.
Bats also like to live in or under bridges.
Bats also live in many other dark and safe structures.
Bats also make audible sounds.
Bats also make social calls, which are less useful for species identification.
Bats also plant trees by dropping seeds from the fruit they eat.
Bats also play an important role in balancing the ecosystem.
Bats also pollinate desert plants and disperse seeds, crucial for ecological diversity.
Bats also pollinate flowers and disperse seeds in rainforests and deserts.
Bats also provide invaluable ecological and medicinal services.
Bats also seem to prefer locations that are relatively protected from the wind.
Bats also suffer mortality at the hands of some manmade structures.
Bats also undertake seasonal migration between caves .
Bats also undertake seasonal migration between caves.
Bats also use a wide range of vocalizations to communicate.
Bats also use echolocation to identify food sources.
Bats also use echolocation.
Bats also use sound to express emotion or for communication.
Bats also use their wings for warmth and for fanning when too hot.
Bats appear to be declining rapidly in many industrialized countries.
Bats are a crucial member of healthy rain forest habitats.
Bats are a distinct group with more members than any other mammal assemblage except rodents.
Bats are a diverse mammal group.
Bats are a fascinating group of animals.
Bats are a fascinating mammal that are capable of true flight.
Bats are a favorite meal of the boa constrictor.
Bats are a good example of animals who sleep in caves but hunt for food outside.
Bats are a known carrier of rabies.
Bats are a more highly evolved species.
Bats are a much more prolific consumer of mosquitoes.
Bats are a needed and desirable segment of our native fauna.
Bats are a problem as far as the transmission of rabies is concerned.
Bats are a relatively more primitive species.
Bats are a successful animal group, in fact one fourth of mammal species worldwide are bats.
Bats are a successful group .
Bats are a successful group.
Bats are a threat to people most of the time.
Bats are a very diverse mammal group.
Bats are a very numerous and diverse group of animals and can be found all over the world.
Bats are a wonderful means of insect control and a wonder to watch as well.
Bats are able to fly out, because the sheet is open at the bottom, but they are blocked upon return.
Bats are able to hibernate through the winter.
Bats are able to squeeze through narrow slits and cracks.
Bats are active at night and rest during the day.
Bats are active mostly at night when feeding.
Bats are actually clean and almost disease-free animals.
Bats are actually ecologically and economically very important to humans.
Bats are actually harmless creatures that are important parts of our environment.
Bats are actually much more helpful in controlling mosquitoes.
Bats are actually very good neighbors.
Bats are afraid, but bats like curveballs.
Bats are agile fliers.
Bats are all sizes, shapes, and colors too.
Bats are also a symbol of ghosts , death and disease .
Bigger scans allow a much better quality result.
Bigger screens are better.
Bigger screens can handle higher resolutions and display more information.
Bigger sets tend to hold their shape better.
Bigger ships mean more commerce, and of course, more commerce means more economic development.
Bigger ships require deeper berths and channels.
Bigger ships tend to have higher gain antennas, set higher above sea level.
Bigger shirts are more expensive than smaller shirts.
Bigger showers loom large in new homes and renovated spaces.
Bigger sites use a relational database , which has different tables for different information.
Bigger sizes are more absorbent, but diapers left on too long can cause a diaper rash.
Bigger sizes mean better capture performance.
Bigger sizes sport a regular-fitting waist.
Bigger sources require more tracks on more days.
Bigger squares get more points.
Bigger stages allow for different techniques in dances.
Bigger stars are brighter than smaller stars.
Bigger stars form more quickly.
Bigger stars fuse hydrogen to helium faster and live shorter lives.
Bigger stars live fast and short.
Bigger stations dictate what kind of music is played.
Bigger stations tend to have bigger web ambitions.
Bigger stories are yet to be told.
Bigger structure holds more fish.
Bigger studios have assistant engineers, as well.
Bigger tank means less aggression.
Bigger tanks are also easier to care for.
Bigger telescopes give better light gathering power.
Bigger territories mean more votes.
Bigger text means less information on the screen at one time and more scrolling.
Bigger things are in store.
Bigger things require commitment, too.
Bigger threats come from people who think that technology can substitute for effective policing.
Bigger tires are better on some roads, and the level of difficulty is often weather-dependent.
Bigger towns feature indoor courts where an even faster-paced version of the game is played.
Bigger tracks have differant classes split to differant lanes.
Bigger trailers allow more products to be shipped for the same rates.
Bigger tree requires bigger khukuri.
Bigger trucks intimidate car drivers.
Bigger trucks take longer to stop and are more prone to rollover.
Bigger turbot are certainly out there to be caught.
Bigger unions are financially more viable.
Bigger upsets occur every year.
Bigger values mean faster orbits and bigger errors.
Bigger values result in thicker lines.
Bigger valves have their advantages, but are heavier.
Bigger vehicles take more time to accelerate and slow down.
Bigger versions are sold in the streets as a snack.
Bigger volume loses less heat through body.
Bigger waves mean quick erosion of the protective levees.
Bigger waves trigger the same kind of visual stimuli in male surfers as naked women.
Bigger wheels cover more distance with each revolution.
Bigger wheels make fewer revolutions to cover the same territory.
Bigger wheels mean more speed, more glide, and smoother rolling over cracks and pebbles.
Bigger women can carry bigger breasts.
Biggest advantage is probably the ability to access the service from home.
Biggest advantage is that they actually work better than the one size fits all foam cylinders.
Biggest advantage is the portability between systems including notebooks.
Biggest assets are contributions in passing game.
Biggest attribute is ability to hit a moving target.
Biggest benefit is shade.
Biggest bottleneck includes the most popular fountain.
Biggest challenges are the long hours and longer schedules.
Biggest change is in reduction temperature that now assumes constant theta.
Biggest change is the build in cddb support which stops it from being dependent on cdcd or cda.
Biggest changes are in the installing programs section.
Biggest city is Milwaukee.
Biggest client needs.
Biggest concern is how databases are handled in academic research areas.
Biggest concern is the loss of utilities.
Biggest cost is in bringing a block into main memory.
Biggest customers are the leading pine wood furniture manufacturers in Finland.
Biggest danger is from dry lightning.
Biggest difference is that eukaryotes have compartmentalization.
Biggest difference is that it goes on and on.
Biggest disadvantage is if users have their graphics turned off - the image map is useless.
Biggest disadvantage is that it requires an auxilliary array when using array storage.
Biggest downer is consistency.
Biggest draws are probably the non-stop video show and rare movie memorabilia.
Biggest drawback is that vocals are almost inaudible.
Biggest drawback is the special effects.
Biggest fish are deep, smaller fish are on the mudflats.
Biggest gains are for entry level positions and managers.
Biggest gripe is the lack of time compression to speed up long flights.
Biggest halibut wins jackpot.
Biggest improvements are in the area of file recovery.
Biggest increase is for appealing Zoning decisions.
Biggest issue is downed trees.
Biggest man gets second cup immediately after everyone else served.
Biggest points comeback in one game.
Biggest points steal.
Biggest problem is bolt closed in the rack.
Biggest problem is it only searches PDFs.
Biggest problem is lack of experience vs. top receivers.
Biggest problem is probably wear.
Biggest problem is the battery which always runs out partway through a long plane flight.
Biggest problem is the shortness of the tune.
Biggest problem is withdrawing- addicts just feel bad for months and see the drug as a cure.
Biggest problem lies in the game's unpredictable framerate.
Biggest problems are dust and scratches.
Biggest problems remain political.
Biggest risk is organizational impatience.
Biggest scream comes when movie-goers hear price of a large popcorn.
Biggest strength is it provides a coherent framework and structure to attach most commonly used num.
Biggest surprise is that the pitching staff held together.
Biggest surprise is the tether has swung the other way.
Biggest thing is that ALOT of the commands have been changed considerably.
Biggest things make great news.
Biggest unknown is political influence.
Biggin Hill is serviceable with caution.
Biggin Hill is still a busy light commercial and private airport today.
Biggy agar is used to test for candida.
Bighorn rams practice ramming each other.
Bighorn rams rest on the tundra.
A bighorn sheep is a mountain sheep
Bighorn sheep adapt to climates.
Bighorn sheep adapt to different climates.
Bighorn sheep adapt to environments.
Bighorn sheep adapt to many different climates.
Bighorn sheep are abundant in Black Canyon and the surrounding area.
Bighorn sheep are among the bacteria's most notable victims.
Bighorn sheep are characterized by high adult survival and variable survival of offspring.
Bighorn sheep are diurnal animals.
Bighorn sheep are diurnal, feeding in the daylight hours beginning at dawn.
Bighorn sheep are found in central and eastern Washington.
Bighorn sheep are found in the mountain ranges.
Bighorn sheep are frequently visible high on the canyon walls.
Bighorn sheep are heavy horned and often broom.
Bighorn sheep are herbivores, feeding on grasses, sedges, and forbs.
Bighorn sheep are less vociferous than domestic sheep.
Bighorn sheep are mammals.
Bighorn sheep are right at home in Montana's rugged mountains.
Bighorn sheep are seasonal breeders and females typically produce one lamb per year.
Bighorn sheep are sheep.
Bighorn sheep are territorial.
Bighorn sheep are the most common design in the region.
Bighorn sheep are very susceptible to diseases.
Bighorn sheep can also develop pneumonia independent of contact with domestic sheep.
Bighorn sheep come down the steep slopes to drink from the river.
Bighorn sheep consume amounts.
Bighorn sheep consume plants.
Bighorn sheep eat different foods depending on the season.
Bighorn sheep eat food.
Bighorn sheep eat grass.
Bighorn sheep eat grasses, herbs, sedges and other low-growing plants.
Bighorn sheep eat plants.
Bighorn sheep eat whole plants.
Bighorn sheep favor open terrain in order to use their acute eyesight to avoid predators.
Bighorn sheep feed on grass.
Bighorn sheep feed on grasses in the summer and browse shrubs in the fall and winter.
Bighorn sheep feed on various grasses, young plants and leaves.
Bighorn sheep follow a poygynous mating strategy whereby the dominant males do most of the breeding.
Bighorn sheep follow narrow trails over mountainsides and steep slopes.
Bighorn sheep get their name from the large, curved horns on the males, or rams.
Bighorn sheep grow a lot during their first few years.
Bighorn sheep have a generally stocky build.
Bighorn sheep have a muscular body with a very thick neck.
Bighorn sheep have color.
Bighorn sheep have double-layered skulls shored with struts of bone for battle protection.
Bighorn sheep have excellent eyesight.
Bighorn sheep have horns.
Bighorn sheep have many enemies.
Bighorn sheep have necks.
Bighorn sheep have skulls.
Bighorn sheep have vision.
Bighorn sheep inhabit areas.
Bighorn sheep inhabit habitats.
Bighorn sheep inhabit remote mountain and desert regions.
Bighorn sheep know their terrain.
Bighorn sheep live in elevation.
Bighorn sheep live in regions.
Bighorn sheep live in rocky mountain regions.
Bighorn sheep live in separate ram and ewe bands most of the year.
Bighorn sheep live in social groups but rams and ewes usually only meet to mate.
Bighorn sheep live in the Rocky Mountain region of North America.
Bighorn sheep occupy environments.
Bighorn sheep occupy the canyon's interior and make occasional forays onto the rim.
Bighorn sheep rest in shades.
Bighorn sheep roam mountain ranges.
Bighorn sheep roam ranges.
Bighorn sheep roam the high slopes, and golden eagles soar over the summit.
Bighorn sheep roam the mountains, and the desert tortoise prowls the lowlands.
Bighorn sheep seem susceptible to diseases.
Bighorn sheep use open stands on ridges.
All bighorn sheep inhabit areas with steep mountain slopes and cliffs so they can evade predators.
Most bighorn sheep eat food.
Most bighorn sheep eat plants.
Most bighorn sheep eat whole plants.
Most bighorn sheep feed on grass.
Most bighorn sheep have color.
Most bighorn sheep have horns.
Most bighorn sheep have necks.
Most bighorn sheep have skulls.
Most bighorn sheep have vision.
Most bighorn sheep live in elevation.
Most bighorn sheep live in regions.
Most bighorn sheep live in rocky mountain regions.
Some bighorn sheep have difficulty.
Some bighorn sheep have periods.
Some bighorn sheep learn habitat use patterns.
Some bighorn sheep learn patterns.
Some bighorn sheep shed winter coats.
A bighorn is a mountain sheep
Bighorn also feed heavily on jojoba.
Bighorn are good swimmers.
Bighorn exist mostly in small, isolated populations within their former vast range.
Bighorn isa ungulate.
Bighorns also are bigger than tame sheep.
Bighorns are a true sheep distantly related to domestic sheep.
Bighorns are extremely susceptible to livestock diseases.
Bighorns are found on high, rugged mountain slopes.
Bighorns are from the southern ice-free area.
Bighorns are mountain sheep.
Bighorns are primarily grazers and migrate seasonally between low grassy slopes and alpine meadows.
Bighorns avoid snow.
Bighorns eat desert plants.
Bighorns eat plants.
Bighorns eat twigs.
Bighorns eat young twigs.
Bighorns graze slightly more than they browse.
Bighorns have (part) brains.
Bighorns have (part) breasts.
Bighorns have (part) cannon bones.
Bighorns have (part) cell membranes.
Bighorns have (part) cells.
Bighorns have (part) chest cavities.
Bighorns have (part) chests.
Bighorns have (part) corpi.
Bighorns have (part) cytoplasm.
Bighorns have (part) ears.
Bighorns have (part) faces.
Bighorns have (part) heads.
Bighorns have (part) hip sockets.
Bighorns have (part) hoofs.
Bighorns have (part) nuclei.
Bighorns have (part) piluses.
Bighorns have (part) plasma membranes.
Bighorns have (part) rib cages.
Bighorns have (part) second stomachs.
Bighorns have (part) sections.
Bighorns have (part) skulls.
Bighorns have (part) sterna.
Bighorns have (part) vacuoles.
Bighorns have a sandy coloured coat and a white rump patch.
Bighorns have a sandy coloured coat and a white rump.
Bighorns have extremely acute eyesight, which aids in jumping and gaining narrow mountain footholds.
Bighorns have hollow hair that traps body heat.
Bighorns have ranges.
Bighorns inhabit mountains.
Bighorns live in separate ram and ewe bands most of the year.
Bighorns live mostly in high mountain meadows.
Bighorns occur in desert mountains.
Bighorns occur in mountains.
Bighorns prefer open terrain near rocky refuges to which they can escape when they see predators.
Bighorns prefer slopes.
Bighorns prefer to live in the wilderness areas because they are well away from people.
Bighorns retain their horns, which continue to grow each year.
Bighorns roam regions.
Many bighorns are safe within national parks and game reserves.
Most bighorns avoid snow.
Most bighorns eat desert plants.
Most bighorns eat plants.
Most bighorns eat twigs.
Most bighorns eat young twigs.
Most bighorns have ranges.
Most bighorns occur in desert mountains.
Most bighorns occur in mountains.
Some bighorns adapt to climates.
Some bighorns adapt to dry climates.
Some bighorns are migratory.
Some bighorns do combat.
Some bighorns get moisture.
Some bighorns have legs.
Some bighorns inhabit glorious landscapes.
Some bighorns inhabit wild landscapes.
Some bighorns interact with cousins.
Bigole wheel keep on turnin.
A bigot is an advocate
Bigots are partisans.
Bigots are unwelcome in the militia movement.
Bigots are wrong.
Bigots ban an award-winning book about gang life.
Bigots become xenophiles.
Bigots have a way of looking just like everybody else.
Bigots never die, they just rot away from the inside.
Bigots seem to have a way of repressing images of bloody slam dunks from their minds.
Bigots stay out.
Bigots always believe they're irresistible.
Bigots often claim a religious basis for their views.
Many bigots have.
Bigotry begins at home.
Bigotry begins when heterosexuals ignore that human sexuality works the same way in gay people.
Bigotry can be a symptom of an underlying psychopathology.
Bigotry causes hatred.
Bigotry cheats everyone.
Bigotry confronts our newest immigrants.
Bigotry contradicts the open perspective required for accurate research.
Bigotry crops up like bindweed despite the best efforts of the social engineers.
Bigotry cuts across ideological grounds.
Bigotry excuses the bigots from the hard work of thinking and caring.
Bigotry exists in the mind.
Bigotry is about ignorance.
Bigotry is alive and well in the Bible belt.
Bigotry is always dangerous.
Bigotry is beliefs.
Bigotry is bigotry regardless of the shade of the bigot.
Bigotry is bigotry.
Bigotry is illegal today and socially unacceptable.
Bigotry is intolerance
Bigotry is intolerance.
Bigotry is lawful.
Bigotry is on the loose.
Bigotry is opinion.
Bigotry is plain ordinary unreasoning hatred and fear.
Bigotry is prejudice.
Bigotry is still very much alive, but through education, everyone has the power to fight it.
Bigotry is there.
Bigotry is wrongs.
Bigotry loves company.
Bigotry pours out the drains like blue blood runs through the veins of princes, and on Sundays.
Bigotry seeks to make opinion and belief mandatory.
Bigotry still mars America.
Bigotry treats humans like objects.
Bigotry always matters.
All bigotry is blind and stupid and savage.
Bigram frequency is one approach to statistical language identification .
Bigrams are used in one of the most successful language models for speech recognition .
Bihari cuisine is wholesome and simple.
Bihari people excel in Technical, and Administrative fields all over the globe.
Biharmonic problems appear in elasticity and viscous flows.
Bike accidents appear to be concentrated in or near developed areas.
Bike accidents are on a rise on campus.
Bike brakes take longer to work when the wheel rim is wet.
Bike commuters can use showers and lockers here.
Many bike commuters ride in their work clothes.
Some bike commuters have interest.
Bike cops come from nowhere.
Bike frames are damn nearly perfectly rigid in the vertical plane, whatever they are built from.
Bike helmet is mandatory.
Bike helmets are also available.
Bike helmets are an absolute requirement for participation.
Bike helmets are essential for rollerblading, skateboarding, scooters and cycling.
Bike helmets are helmets.
Bike helmets are safety tested for the types of falls that happen when biking.
Bike helmets are smart.
Bike helmets are very important for both children and adults.
Bike helmets can prevent head injuries .
Bike helmets can prevent head injury.
Bike helmets save lives and save a child's future.
Some bike helmets are self-certified.
Bike hire includes a fully equipped bicycle with pannier size depending on the trip option.
Bike hire is available if required.
Bike hire is readily available.
Bike lane begins.
Bike lanes are appropriate on urban arterials and major collectors.
Bike lanes are discontinuous, poorly marked, and frequently blocked with parked cars.
Bike lanes are exclusively for bicycles, unless there is no sidewalk or shoulder.
Bike lanes are strips of roadway marked off from the main road by a painted line.
Bike lanes are too narrow.
Bike lanes go one way only, in the same direction as adjacent traffic, unless signed otherwise.
Bike lanes indicate a preferential or exclusive space for bicycle travel along an arterial street.
Bike lanes narrow the main road, and reduce the sweeping action that cars provide.
Bike lanes require discipline on the part of both drivers and bicyclists.
Bike lanes run the length and breadth of downtown.
Bike lanes serve many functions on a residential street.
Bike locks are also available for rental.
Bike locks are relatively easy to defeat.
Bike lockers are available at many stations.
Bike lockers are available for rent.
Many bike magazines spin first thus rough, unless wool draw which.
Bike mechanics hunker beside their tire pumps and wrenches, awaiting their next client.
Bike messengers are on and off their bikes constantly.
Bike messengers fall in love.
Bike messengers slash through intersections.
Bike messengers spend more time on bike in traffic than any other group.
Bike path ends there, but road is lightly traveled.
Bike path runs behind property.
Bike paths appeal to bikers and politicians.
Bike paths are a boon for the local economy, say the boards of tourism.
Bike paths are accessible from our driveway.
Bike paths are everywhere, especially in their cities.
Bike paths are located in parks.
Bike paths are one of the most enlightened ways to get away from needing a polluting automobile.
Bike paths are separate areas set off from the main road.
Bike paths have their place, but bikes are by no means limited to such flat and wide trails.
Bike paths lead out of our parking lot to many of the island's activities and attractions.
Bike paths lead to the Arkansas River and amenities, less than one mile away.
Bike paths make travel fun.
Bike paths range from carriage roads to singletracks.
Bike paths run along the river, and act as a levee to protect against flooding.
Bike paths run parallel to the coast.
Bike patrol is manned on a volunteer basis.
Bike patrols are ineffective, and increase impacts still further.
Bike patrols can move through areas of congestion with relative ease compared to police cruisers.
Bike patrols help keep trails open.
Bike racing has a new image.
Bike racing has enormous potential.
Bike racing is an inherently dangerous activity that can result in serious injury or death.
Bike racing is art.
Bike racing is hard.
Some blood passes through cervixes.
Some blood passes through livers.
Some blood passes through noses.
Some blood passes through pancreases.
Some blood passes through recta.
Some blood passes through tubes.
Some blood protects brains.
Some blood reaches floors.
Some blood reaches lungs.
Some blood removes products.
Some blood removes toxins.
Some blood removes waste products.
Some blood returns from lungs.
Some blood runs from a German soldier's nose after being hit in the face with a rifle butt.
Some blood runs from a person's nose and mouth after they've been struck by a truck.
Some blood runs out from a bullet wound in a man's chest.
Some blood shows negative results.
Some blood shows results.
Some blood spills out and oozes onto the bone.
A bloodhound is a hound
Bloodhound constitutes a complete departure from traditional virus scanning technology.
Bloodhound detects viruses by inspecting suspect files for virus-like behavior.
Bloodhound stops viral files before they can enter a system and cause harm.
Bloodhound tracks down a missing diabetic cat.
Bloodhounds also are a little slower to mature than other breeds.
Bloodhounds are able to follow any scent, even human - a rare ability in a dog.
Bloodhounds are dogs.
Bloodhounds are droolers and have a tendency to snore and howl.
Bloodhounds are energetic dogs that can be boisterous and independent.
Bloodhounds are fearless tracking dogs with incredible guard dog potential.
Bloodhounds are friendly, often very good with children.
Bloodhounds are gentle and loving - but big and bumbling.
Bloodhounds are hounds.
Bloodhounds are in fact quite gentle.
Bloodhounds are the oldest breed of sporting dogs, which hunt by scent.
Bloodhounds are usually a gentle and affectionate breed .
Bloodhounds are usually a gentle and affectionate breed.
Bloodhounds are usually good with children and other dogs and pets.
Bloodhounds are very determined.
Bloodhounds are very observant, and several are escape artists.
Bloodhounds are weapons.
Bloodhounds are wonderful animals.
Bloodhounds can be prone to bloat which is a condition that involves the gastro-intestinal system.
Bloodhounds can make an amazing variety of sounds.
Bloodhounds have a distinctive doggy odor, which is offensive to some people.
Bloodhounds have a distinctive dog-type odor.
Bloodhounds have a keen sense of smell even for dogs.
Bloodhounds have a lot of ambition.
Bloodhounds have a tendency to howl, snore, and drool a lot.
Bloodhounds have an affectionate and even-tempered nature with humans, making excellent family pets.
Bloodhounds have just as much energy as most terriers.
Bloodhounds make wonderful companions.
Bloodhounds shed, how much varies with individual hounds.
Bloodhounds suffer chronic eye irritation and infection.
Bloodhounds use their super-powerful noses to find people who are lost.
A bloodline is a family tree
Bloodline plays one of the inmates in the film that help bury the bodies.
Bloodlines are a factor.
Bloodlines are again the arbiters of identity.
Bloodlines are fine but even the best ones can be quickly bred out.
Bloodlines are there to produce.
Bloodlines are unimportant.
Bloodlines rise and fall for many reasons.
Some bloodlines are prone to ear, eye and respiratory problems.
Some bloodlines have a higher prevalence of cysts than others.
Bloodlust is desire
Bloodlust is so bad nowadays.
Bloodlust shines in their multifaceted bug eyes.
A bloodmobile is a container
A bloodmobile is a vehicle
Bloodmobiles are motor vehicles.
Bloodmobiles travel to high schools, colleges, churches, and community organizations.
Bloodmobiles travel to high schools, colleges, churches, and other community organizations.
Bloodroot extracts are used in minimal doses to treat bronchial infections and sore throats.
Bloodroot flowers are pure white and produce eight petals.
Bloodroot flowers have petals.
Bloodroot flowers produce nectar.
Bloodroot flowers produce petals.
Most bloodroot flowers have petals.
Most bloodroot flowers produce nectar.
Most bloodroot flowers produce petals.
Bloodroot plants produce buds.
Bloodroot plants produce flower buds.
Bloodroot plants produce single flower buds.
Bloodroot plants reach height.
Bloodroot plants use food.
Most bloodroot plants produce buds.
Most bloodroot plants produce flower buds.
Most bloodroot plants produce single flower buds.
Most bloodroot plants reach height.
Most bloodroot plants use food.
Bloodroot supplements are made from an herb that's native to eastern North America.
Bloodroot isa herb.
Bloodroots have (part) cell membranes.
Bloodroots have (part) cells.
Bloodroots have (part) corpi.
Bloodroots have (part) cytoplasm.
Bloodroots have (part) nuclei.
Bloodroots have (part) plasma membranes.
Bloodroots have (part) sections.
Bloodroots have (part) vacuoles.
Bloodroots have (part) vegetables.
Bloodroots have flowers.
Bloodroots have shape flowers.
Bloodroots propagate easily from both rhizome divisions and seed if sown very fresh.
Bloodroots spread rapidly and make an excellent ground cover.
Most bloodroot is harvested in the fall, but some is harvested and sold in spring.
Most bloodroots have flowers.
Most bloodroots have shape flowers.
Some bloodroots arise from rhizomes.
Some bloodroots cause diseases.
Some bloodroots contain chemicals.
Some bloodroots grow in areas.
Some bloodroots grow in counties.
Some bloodroots have emergence.
Some bloodroots have kinds.
Some bloodroots have leaves.
Some bloodroots have lobe leaves.
Some bloodroots have plant emergence.
Some bloodroots rely on ants.
Bloodshot eyes can also result from minor health problems, such as allergies, the cold or flu.
A bloodstain is a stain
Bloodstains are reportedly still visible on the floor.
Bloodstains are stains.
Bloodstains make the patterns of flowers.
Bloodstains remain on the floor upstairs.
Bloodstream infection is infection.
Bloodstream infections can be quite serious, particularly in the very young or elderly.
Bloodstream isa blood.
Bloodstreams affect livers.
Bloodstreams are part of bodies.
Bloodstreams carry carbon dioxide.
Bloodstreams carry dioxide.
Bloodstreams have (part) blood cells.
Bloodstreams have (part) cell membranes.
Bloodstreams have (part) cytoplasm.
Bloodstreams have (part) nuclei.
Bloodstreams have (part) plasma membranes.
Bloodstreams have (part) sections.
Bloodstreams have (part) vacuoles.
Bloodstreams trigger immune responses.
Bloodstreams trigger responses.
Most bloodstreams affect livers.
Most bloodstreams are part of bodies.
Most bloodstreams carry carbon dioxide.
Most bloodstreams carry dioxide.
Most bloodstreams trigger immune responses.
Some bloodstreams enter lungs.
Some bloodstreams lead to diseases.
Some bloodstreams lead to liver diseases.
Some bloodstreams lead to threaten diseases.
Some bloodstreams lead to threaten liver diseases.
Some bloodstreams result in infection.
A bloodsucker is a segmented worm
Bloodsuckers are a small minority.
Bloodthirsty men hate a man of integrity and seek to kill the upright.
Bloodthirsty revolutionary enjoys employing military artillery, spying, destroying tyrants.
A bloodworm is a segmented worm
Bloodworm are marine in nature and inhabit the intertidal and subtidal regions of mud flats.
Bloodworms are creamy pink segmented worms with small fleshy projections called parapodia.
Bloodworms are especially effective in spring.
Bloodworms are expensive, but there's a reason for the cost.
Bloodworms are most abundant in the middle portion of the tidal flats.
Bloodworms are one type of organism that live in the pond.
Bloodworms are polychaetes.
Bloodworms are red worm-like aquatic insect larvae that are often found at the bottom of ponds.
Bloodworms are still the bait of choice.
Bloodworms are their number one favorite bait followed by clam strips.
Bloodworms can grow up to fifteen inches in length.
Bloodworms can thrive even in water with exceptionally low oxygen levels.
Bloodworms eat vegetation found in the water.
Bloodworms have separate sexes.
Bloodworms sense through the use of tactile cells which are primarily located in their head area.
Bloodworms work the best.
Bloodworms work well as a primary food item.
Some bloodworms live in tubes that they build from sediment, sand or small stones, and plant debris.
Bloodwort isa herb.
Bloodworts have (part) cell membranes.
Bloodworts have (part) cells.
Bloodworts have (part) corpi.
Bloodworts have (part) cytoplasm.
Bloodworts have (part) nuclei.
Bloodworts have (part) plasma membranes.
Bloodworts have (part) sections.
Bloodworts have (part) vacuoles.
Bloodworts have (part) vegetables.
Bloody ball stops play.
Some bloody battles become persistent problems.
Some bloody battles become problems.
Bloody Bay is about eight miles of white sand beach with resorts side to side along the water front.
Bloody Bay offers the island's best beach, with terrific sunsets.
Bloody child disappears.
Bloody crotches are everywhere.
Bloody diarrhea is accompanied by severe abdominal pain and moderate dehydration.
Bloody diarrhea is characteristic of the infection.
Bloody diarrhea is common in some infections with a resulting anemia.
Bloody diarrhea is the most common symptom of parvovirus infection.
Bloody diarrhea is the most common symptom.
Bloody diarrhea lasts for two to five days.
Bloody diarrhea suggests inflammatory bowel disease or an infectious origin.
Bloody diarrhoea refers to a diarrhoeal episode in which the stools contain visible red blood.
Bloody discharge can indicate a tiny benign tumor within the milk duct that is too small to feel.
Bloody feedback is the worst way to kill an expecting crowd.
Bloody fluid suggests the presence of a tumor.
Bloody footprints lead the way to enlightenment or destruction.
Bloody gashes appear on bare skin.
Bloody hands are an omen of family quarrels.
Bloody knife goes through the air.
Bloody marks are areas of pigmenting that never grey out on a grey horse.
Bloody milk is usually safe to feed to calves.
Bloody mucus oozes from open anus.
Bloody noses are the most common injury and usually result from an overcrowded playroom.
Bloody people lie around.
Bloody prayer shawls.
Bloody stool Seek emergency treatment.
Bloody stools are present.
Bloody taps are fairly common.
Bloody taps cause falsely increased glucose, since there is more glucose in blood.
Bloody tears flow.
Bloody things pop up one after another, faster than tribbles.
Bloody urine points to an inflammatory condition of that organ.
Bloody victims writhe on gurneys.
Bloody war is sewn into the very land of Afghanistan, in the form of innumerable landmines.
Bloom filter is a probabilistic method to find a subset of a given set.
Bloom filters provide a straightforward mechanism to build summaries.
Bloom syndrome includes poor growth, immune system deficiency and a high rate of cancer.
A bloom is a biological process
Bloom agrees more study is necessary.
Bloom appreciates the fact that disappointed people require attention, even if it is negative.
Bloom begins early and lasts for a few short weeks in late spring.
Bloom begins in early summer and continues throughout the season until frost.
Bloom begins in midlate season.
Bloom begins in the perennial borders in the spring.
Bloom can ill-afford a loss and expect to make it to the tournament.
Bloom certainly ingests literature with a greedy gusto.
Bloom closely considers both sides, and the result is a wonderful book.
Bloom comes in waves, but fairly regularly.
Bloom continues to mangle the facts.
Bloom cracks up.
Bloom creates a vision of a world guided primarily by sexual longing.
Bloom currently resides in West Bloomfield.
Bloom discovers the book under the bed.
Bloom enthusiastically embraces the concept.
Bloom favors the latter.
Bloom finds irresistible.
Bloom flatly rejects the charge.
Bloom gives no hope for students who plan to go to college in order to gain valuable experiences.
Bloom has a tendency to sing flat.
Bloom has a wonderfully vivid turn of phrase and is particularly good at describing emotion.
Bloom has just started, so action now can help.
Bloom holds more than two dozen patents for sound amplifiers.
Bloom is a fruit and bloom blend designed to enhance the later stages of plant development.
Bloom is a purely objective feature in an instrument's sound.
Bloom is a spathe consisting of numerous, tiny, brown flowers.
Bloom is a telecommuter.
Bloom is able to present.
Bloom is also a flawed and somewhat perverse human being.
Bloom is also a waxy substance found on the skins of grapes.
Bloom is an exciting tale that seamlessly blends nanotechnology, space travel, and high adventure.
Bloom is charming and succinct.
Bloom is compact, of medium good substance, attractive, and bright.
Bloom is crystalized oils that form in properly aging wrapper leaf.
Bloom is currently in search of a drummer to complete their sound.
Bloom is defined as the percent of plants with at least one open flower.
Bloom is early to mid-season.
Bloom is elitist.
Bloom is entertaining, wise and tolerant.
Bloom is from late spring through early fall.
Bloom is hailed as one of the major architects of modern neuroscience.
Bloom is heaviest early in the season.
Bloom is heaviest in spring, then sporadic in summer.
Bloom is heavy in most areas of the state, due in large part to the light crop last year.
Bloom is heavy, especially after previous heavy crops.
Bloom is indicated by an arrow.
Bloom is large flat topped cluster of small white flowers found at tip of twig.
Bloom is late in the season, and usually reliable.
Bloom is mid-season to somewhat later.
Bloom is often weather dependent.
Bloom is orange and yellow.
Bloom is over a long summer season.
Bloom is part of the group's informal brain trust of teachers and school administrators.
Bloom is perhaps the most perfect comedian.
Bloom is profuse and continuous, keeping pace with the best of the modern floribundas.
Bloom is reduced.
Bloom is the most rare of critics.
Bloom is the son Jewish parents want their daughter to bring home.
Bloom is the two-time defending national indoor shot put champion.
Bloom is the web partner in the project.
Bloom is well open and of a good clear, deep color.
Bloom is white.
Bloom is yellow with red tips.
Bloom laughs about the hoist.
Bloom manages to create life from death and tranquility from chaos.
Bloom mistakes the father for the son who was the actual designer.
Bloom notes that bedding is never an impulse buy, though many people shop doggedly for best price.
Bloom occurs about six to eight weeks after planting.
Bloom offers a very nice conceptual framework.
Bloom possesses good substance, but the drab markings are objec- tionable.
Bloom possesses good substance.
Bloom recommends asking for a flat fee rather than a percentage of the net total.
Bloom refers to it as a spiritual chain letter.
Bloom s Taxonomy to search the web.
Bloom says the way courses are taught is also changing.
Bloom says the workshops offer solutions to overcoming procrastination.
Bloom says they plan to offer social golf and youth programs on the executive course.
Bloom sees fatal flaws in the historicist or determinist approach.
Bloom sees nostalgia as potentially a positive force in our lives.
Bloom stands well above the water's surface.
Bloom stops in at a pub for a bite to eat.
Bloom takes the breakfast tray into the bedroom.
Bloom takes the opposite view.
Bloom teaches a course in marketing and social issues.
Bloom then gets a bit Freudian saying that rock has the beat of sexual intercourse.
Bloom then provides evidence that there was much unhappiness on that tour.
Bloom uses a centrifuge to spin the blood sample at very high speed.
Bloom walks along the streets south of the river, deciding where to eat lunch.
Bloom writes with a heart.
Blooms add vitality to any fresh-cut bouquet and even hold their color well when dried.
Blooms also occur, usually in spring, and often occur successionally.
Blooms appear before leaves.
Blooms appear before the foliage.
Blooms appear continuously from early summer to first frost.
Blooms appear early summer .Keep dead - headed to encourage blooming.
Blooms appear in about two years.
Blooms appear in early spring.
Blooms appear in early summer until fall.
Blooms appear in early summer, midsummer, late summer or early fall.
Blooms appear in early summer.
Blooms appear in late spring through summer.
Blooms appear in late summer to fall.
Blooms appear in mid summer and last for many weeks.
Blooms appear in midsummer.
Blooms appear in summer and last until frost.
Blooms appear outside of the foliage.
Blooms appear singly and in sprays.
Blooms appear spring, summer or fall depending on variety.
Blooms are a brilliant rosy red with a faint white edge and a small green throat.
Blooms are a fashionable lemon yellow color that is unique.
Blooms are a fuzzy, mauve purple with a white star in the center of each flower.
Blooms are a pale cream, the petal tips a darker butter-yellow.
Blooms are a regular occurrence in many of the fields, and the cotton is moving along nicely.
Blooms are about the size of a nickel.
Blooms are abundant throughout the entire growing season.
Blooms are almost continuously on the shrub during the growing season.
Blooms are also nice in a salad.
Blooms are always perfect.
Blooms are an impressive reddish-purple that stay open longer than most other tropicals.
Blooms are best if the bulb is slightly pot-bound.
Blooms are blue, red, purple, white and burgundy shades.
Blooms are bright yellow rays with brownish-red base.
Blooms are bright yellow which appear for a month or so in mid-summer.
Blooms are classic hybrid tea form, with full, large buds that open to a high centered flower.
Blooms are deep orange-red in color.
Blooms are deep pink-red and last all season long.
Blooms are deep purple to lavender surrounded by colored bracts.
Blooms are distinct-varying in species composition and size.
Blooms are edible for salads and garnish.
Blooms are edible, either raw in salads or battered and sauteed.
Blooms are everywhere.
Blooms are fragrant.
Blooms are full and triangular, overlaped.
Blooms are fully double and the foliage is bright green.
Blooms are fully double, reflexing in the center to reveal a button eye.
Blooms are generally blue.
Blooms are generally green or blue-green in color, although they can be brown or purple.
Blooms are good health.
Blooms are heaviest in early summer, but they keep coming all summer.
Blooms are in clusters of a dozen or more.
Blooms are large and reach their maximum potential where nights are cool and days warm.
Blooms are large for minis.
Blooms are large with attractive form and have an intense classic rose fragrance.
Blooms are large, fully double.
Blooms are large, re-curved and of firm substance.
Blooms are lavender, sparked by yellow throat.
Blooms are light lavender blue, paler along the midrib, filaments white and anthers brown.
Blooms are light lavender.
Blooms are long lasting and can re-produce several times a year.
Blooms are long lasting and vary in size.
Blooms are long lasting.
Blooms are long-stemmed pale lavender tubes with throats of yellow, touched by a rust marking.
Blooms are medium for a mini, on a short bush.
Blooms are medium pink with a spicy fragrance.
Blooms are of good form.
Blooms are off-white during summer.
Blooms are off-white in summer.
Blooms are often too large to use in arrangements, and stems tend to be floppy.
Blooms are orange with yellow centers.
Blooms are pale lavender in mid summer.
Blooms are pale lavender-blue with darker striping in the throats.
Blooms are pale yellow green fading to white.
Blooms are part of youth.
Blooms are perfect for fresh and dried bouquets.
Blooms are pink to magenta on tall stems.
Blooms are pink with crimson edges.
Blooms are profuse, but peak and blow quickly.
Blooms are prolific from early summer until the first frost and are usually double and fragrant.
Blooms are purple red.
Blooms are red and appear in early to mid-summer to fall.
Blooms are red or yellow.
Blooms are reds, pinks, whites and mixes, and are often quite fragrant.
Some boys find that their breasts well and are painful.
Some boys find themselves cruelly under the thumb of unsympathetic and unloving foster parents.
Some boys gather types.
Some boys get chemistry sets.
Some boys get dogs.
Some boys get doors.
Some boys get hot dogs.
Some boys get in trouble, get frustrated, fall behind and never catch up.
Some boys give samples.
Some boys give stool samples.
Some boys go into comas.
Some boys go on hike trips.
Some boys go on trips.
Some boys go the whole hog, dressing up as little girls in a sort of African 'trick or treat'.
Some boys go to college and eventually succeed in getting out.
Some boys go to neighbors.
Some boys greet keepers.
Some boys harass boys.
Some boys have a circumcision, which means that a doctor or clergy member cuts away the foreskin.
Some boys have bruises on their backs, evidently a result of beatings.
Some boys have cancer.
Some boys have cavities.
Some boys have chickens.
Some boys have children.
Some boys have companies.
Some boys have diagnoses.
Some boys have dolls.
Some boys have enlargements.
Some boys have levels.
Some boys have lower levels.
Some boys have lower testosterone levels.
Some boys have only a romantic notion of violence.
Some boys have opportunity.
Some boys have own companies.
Some boys have places.
Some boys have problems.
Some boys have seizures.
Some boys have tantrums.
Some boys have testosterone levels.
Some boys have tolerance.
Some boys hide in beds.
Some boys hit barriers.
Some boys hunt reptiles.
Some boys involve in accidents.
Some boys involve in automobile accidents.
Some boys keep chickens.
Some boys kill chickens.
Some boys kill elands.
Some boys kill fathers.
Some boys learn a trade, like blacksmithing or printing.
Some boys learn about ants.
Some boys learn about bees.
Some boys learn about butterflies.
Some boys learn about cats.
Some boys learn about dinosaurs.
Some boys learn about penguins.
Some boys learn about termites.
Some boys learn minds.
Some boys lose life.
Some boys lose mothers.
Some boys lose weight.
Some boys love cats.
Some boys love chickens.
Some boys love crabs.
Some boys love fish.
Some boys love horses.
Some boys love lizards.
Some boys love monkeys.
Some boys love oysters.
Some boys love snakes.
Some boys love turtles.
Some boys make excuses.
Some boys make posters, streamers and tickets.
Some boys make quests.
Some boys never do, and experience severe bleeding afterward.
Some boys never have wet dreams.
Some boys offer to help, but the girls are determined to figure it out for themselves.
Some boys own clubs.
Some boys participate in arm robberies.
Some boys participate in robberies.
Some boys pick up caterpillars.
Some boys pick up cats.
Some boys pick up cockroaches.
Some boys pick up crabs.
Some boys pick up frogs.
Some boys pick up rabbits.
Some boys play ball games.
Some boys play games.
Some boys pull triggers.
Some boys push carts.
Some boys release animals.
Some boys ride animals.
Some boys ride horses.
Some boys ride llamas.
Some boys save life.
Some boys see pornography as a way of life on the Net.
Some boys seek to markets.
Some boys seek to niche markets.
Some boys serve men.
Some boys share dens.
Some boys shoot elands.
Some boys shoot geese.
Some boys shoot pigs.
Some boys shoot rabbits.
Some boys shoot squirrels.
Some boys shoot turkeys.
Some boys start fire.
Some boys start puberty early, and some start later.
Some boys steal cats.
Some boys survey the damage.
Some boys take books.
Some boys take guns.
Some boys take over entertainment.
Some boys touch hearts.
Some boys undergo brain surgery.
Some boys undergo surgery.
Some boys use death.
Some boys use feathers.
Some boys use guns.
Some boys visit cats.
Some boys wake in the morning and discover father is more muscle than word.
Some boys watch beetles.
Some boys watch caterpillars.
Some boys watch chickens.
Some boys watch crabs.
Some boys watch goats.
Some boys watch lizards.
Some boys watch monkeys.
Some boys watch penguins.
Some boys watch pigs.
Some boys watch rabbits.
Some boys watch squirrels.
Some boys wear towels.
Some boys write notes.
A boycott is a protest
Boycotts affect the earnings of corporations who engage in abusive practices.
Boycotts allow people to vote with their dollars.
Boycotts also affect the amount of imports.
Boycotts are a positive step that ordinary people can take in their every day lives.
Boycotts are also powerful because they pull on the strength of the community.
Boycotts are detrimental to the movement's efforts.
Boycotts are easy.
Boycotts are good for one thing, and that's moral chest-thumping.
Boycotts are means by which the consumer can have a financial affect on a company.
Boycotts are one answer.
Boycotts are only effective if hundreds of thousands or millions participate.
Boycotts are protests.
Boycotts are so difficult to sustain.
Boycotts are too a reality of the free market.
Boycotts can range from potato farms to bus companies.
Boycotts can work.
Boycotts have a long history in the Methodist movement.
Boycotts have their place .
Boycotts punish one capitalist while allowing others to restart the business being boycotted.
Boycotts really work.
Boycotts serve as a powerful tool in forcing a change.
Boycotts tend to mobilise relatively small groups of concerned people.
Boycotts tighten dogmatic lines and isolate the church's voice further from society.
A boyfriend is a lover
A boyfriend is a man
Boyfriend Has Warts.
Boyfriend is back with puppy asking to return it.
Boyfriend isa individual.
Boyfriend isa man.
Boyfriend isa person.
Boyfriend isa somebody.
Boyfriend isa someone.
Boyfriend receives hickeys from large, very playful lady.
Boyfriends are a professional liability.
Boyfriends are lovers.
Boyfriends are men.
Boyfriends are only friendly because they're wusses.
Boyfriends are singles.
Boyfriends are spouses.
Boyfriends continue to pay for many items, including clothing and entertainment.
Boyfriends find amaze jobs.
Boyfriends find jobs.
Boyfriends get dinner.
Boyfriends get the spiders.
Boyfriends go to schools.
Boyfriends grab a feel before the elevator door opens.
Boyfriends have (part) arms.
Boyfriends have (part) beard.
Boyfriends have (part) body substances.
Boyfriends have (part) cell membranes.
Boyfriends have (part) cells.
Boyfriends have (part) cytoplasm.
Boyfriends have (part) heads.
Boyfriends have (part) legs.
Boyfriends have (part) man's bodies.
Boyfriends have (part) necks.
Boyfriends have (part) nuclei.
Boyfriends have (part) personality.
Boyfriends have (part) plasma membranes.
Boyfriends have (part) sections.
Boyfriends have (part) vacuoles.
Boyfriends need attention.
Boyfriends play games.
Boyfriends play video games.
Boyfriends tend to drop out of the picture or promise to be around, only to leave later.
Most boyfriends find amaze jobs.
Most boyfriends find jobs.
Most boyfriends get dinner.
Most boyfriends go to schools.
Most boyfriends play games.
Most boyfriends play video games.
Some boyfriends adopt diets.
Some boyfriends bring homes.
Some boyfriends die in accidents.
Some boyfriends die in car crashes.
Some boyfriends die in crashes.
Some boyfriends die in motorbike accidents.
Some boyfriends get cars.
Some boyfriends have sex.
Some boyfriends have substances.
Some boyfriends kill husbands.
Some boyfriends see photos.
Some boyfriends take credit.
Some boyfriends take mollies.
A boyhood is childhood
Boyhood includes personal narratives and poems by accomplished writers from around the world.
Boyish energy is channeled into dedication to excel, team effort and hard work.
Boyish figures are in, with flattened bust, and bobbed hair.
Boys voices change and are lost to the repertoire during puberty.
Boysenberries are a crossbreed between raspberries and blackberries.
Boysenberries are long, maroon, and almost seedless.
Boysenberries are reddish black with an aroma and flavor similar to raspberries.
Boysenberry is a blackberry bush
Boysenberry is berries.
Boysenberry is part of boysenberry.
Boysenberry is plants.
Bozkushi horses require special training in order to be successful in the game.
Bozo filters are one way to reduce flames and spam.
Bozo filters pose no problem on recreational discussion groups.
A bozo is a fool
Bozo can out teach, out train and out ride any human on any horse, on any day.
Bozo hits dragon with sword.
Bozo is a well-known, much downloaded Hollywood star.
Bozo is arrested for filing a false police report.
Bozo is better able to take advantage of static stability.
Bozo then reverses the car and runs over the boy's head.
Any bozo can go out and snap pictures of weather damage.
Any bozo can hang out a sign and call themselves a dog trainer.
BPDU guard disables the port upon BPDU reception if portfast is enabled on the port.
BPI mirrors are an attractive addition to any dispensing room.
A bpm is a tempo
BPMs are an essential ingredient in any DJs set.
BPMs run continuously and concurrently with other BPMs.
Bra fitting is a team effort and one that can have a happy ending .
Bra sizes are extremely hard to guess at.
A bra is a clothing
A bra is a garment
Bras are colored and for show.
Bras are good.
Bras are lingerie.
Bras are located in drawers.
Bras are located in suitcases.
Bras are often too formal for daytime.
Bras are small, too.
Bras are very bad if they leave a red mark.
Bras make decent flags of truce.
Bras run small.
All bras are beautifully detailed and come in all the popular sizes.
All bras are first quality and ready to go on the selling floor immediately.
All bras are ready to go on the selling floor immediately.
All bras come ready to sell out of the box.
Every bra has a receiving pocket for the breast form and is available in many styles and colors.
Every bra tells a story.
Some bras are simple triangles of fabric, some elaborate constucts of lace and wire.
Some bras even feature removable push-up pads.
Brace brackets are optional there is a single level statement in the scope.
A brace is reinforcement
A brace is support
Brace accepts it.
Brace appreciates Minneapolis' participation.
Brace gets a lesson.
Brace is an expert on the U.S. presidency.
Brace is custom fit by adjusting two straps,heel stirrup strap and gel pads.
Brace isa device.
Brace proves there is life after work in Washington.
Brace Provides optimal support while insuring proper fit and comfort.
Brace says five different groups made the long journey.
Brace testifies for hours, and signs of weariness begin to appear.
Braces act as a food and plaque trap and make it more difficult to brush and floss.
Braces add to the health of teeth and gums.
Braces allow the matching of a specific set of characters.
Braces are a common method of changing one's appearance.
Braces are a genuine part of American life today.
Braces are dental appliances.
Braces are located in dentists.
Braces are metal or clear ceramic brackets bonded to the front of each tooth.
Braces are mobility aid.
Braces are no longer consider a social or sports handicap.
Braces are of linen or cotton with leather ends and metal buckles or buttons.
Braces are on both sides of each leg.
Braces are part of frameworks.
Braces are practical and a perfect expression of personal style.
Braces are punctuation.
Braces are really nothing new.
Braces are relatively inexpensive and easy to use.
Braces are reusable, adjustable, and can provide continuous support.
Braces are ropes.
Braces are stock.
Braces are structural members.
Braces are support.
Braces are uncomfortable and at times painful.
Braces are usually bigger than brackets and parentheses.
Braces bolt snug up against the back of the stang's firewall.
Braces can bring teeth, lips, and jaws into proper alignment for proper facial balance.
Braces can ensure good dental hygiene.
Braces can help to isolate muscles and reduce the amount of range elbow muscles can use.
Braces can make the worker aware that parts of their body can be stressed and injured.
Braces can range from any type of material, to any size, and to any degree of effectiveness.
Braces can straighten teeth and are available to children and adults.
Braces come in lots of different sizes and colors.
Braces consist of brackets which are bonded to individual teeth.
Braces cost parents thousands.
Braces delimit such a comprehension.
Braces enhance a person's smile.
Braces have (part) sections.
Braces have syntactical significance, delimiting lists.
Braces have syntatical significance, delimiting lists.
Braces have tiny spaces where food particles and plaque get trapped.
Braces help some people more than others.
Braces Holds the trouser section up and in place, important for the active dinghy sailor.
Braces indicate a choice among the listed rules.
Braces Learn how braces work.
Braces make it harder to remove plaque.
Braces now come in a range of colors, including gold.
Braces now come in a series of styles and colors.
Braces pose a unique challenge for kids.
Braces provide added strength and rigidity where needed.
Braces remain on the teeth for the entire duration of treatment.
Braces surround the action.
Braces trap food and make it more difficult to brush and floss.
Braces use steady, gentle pressure over time to move teeth into their proper positions.
Braces vary from simple corsets to a custom-made rigid plastic body jackets.
Braces often work better in the laboratory than they do in normal use.
All braces are approx.
Some braces are triangular, others rounded and others simply rectangular.
Some braces have complex instructions for putting on the brace.
Some braces provide support for the hip as well.
A bracelet is a band
Bracelet isa artifact.
Bracelets are a status symbol, and are frequently made from wire brought at trading stores.
Bracelets are abundant in both classifications, commercial and handmade.
Bracelets are all expandable, with narrow cords of elastic.
Bracelets are also available.
Bracelets are available from dive operators.
Bracelets are available in custom size, please call or email.
Bracelets are in engraved and coated brass, with six buttons.
Bracelets are jewelry.
Bracelets are located in jewelry stores.
Bracelets are one size featuring adjustable finger rings.
Bracelets can also influence watch prices considerably.
Bracelets Click on the images below for a detailed view of each item.
Bracelets come in all styles, shapes, materials and embellishments.
Bracelets come in either wood or small plastic beads also.
Bracelets contain important patient information vital to patient treatment and safety.
Bracelets easily adjust to all size wrists.
Bracelets have (part) sections.
Bracelets have magnets imbedded in each link.
Bracelets includes various bracelets, bracers, and wrist guards.
Bracelets make great banquet gifts or as a unique fundraiser idea.
Bracelets vary widely.
Bracelets wear comfortably with one slide or ten.
All bracelets are handcrafted with sterling silver and gold filled components.
All bracelets are of oval shape.
All bracelets can be custom-sized to fit any wrist.
All bracelets come in an attractive gift box and include an anti-tarnish jewelers polishing cloth.
All bracelets come in lovely gift box.
All bracelets come in two sizes.
All bracelets come with either a lock and loop clasp or a lobster claw clasp.
All bracelets have a hinge on the side that opens up to allow easy slip on.
All bracelets have six north magnets which allow for continuous wearing.
All bracelets measure approx.
Every bracelet has a different meaning such as longevity, good luck, prosperity, etc.
Most bracelets use four colors.
Some bracelets protect individuals.
A bracer is protection
Bracers are for wimps.
Brachiation is a rare ability for primates.
Brachiation is seen in gibbons and chimpanzees.
Brachiation is the movement through the tree tops by swinging hand over hand, and branch to branch.
Brachiation isa action.
A brachiopod is an invertebrate
Brachiopods are a very common local fossil.
Brachiopods are also abundant.
Brachiopods are also especially common here.
Brachiopods are among the oldest known fossils.
Brachiopods are among the oldest shelled invertebrates.
Brachiopods are ancient shellfish that have been found in the layers of the Grand Canyon.
Brachiopods are benthic marine invertebrates that inhabit both deep water and shallow environments.
Brachiopods are entirely marine.
Brachiopods are extremely abundant.
Brachiopods are in the form of the two hinged shell type.
Brachiopods are invertebrates.
Brachiopods are marine animals that secrete a shell consisting of two parts called valves.
Brachiopods are marine animals that, upon first glance, look like clams.
Brachiopods are marine animals with one upper and one lower shell.
Bullies tend to pick victims who are easy targets.
Bullies tend to thrive off of positive reinforcement from others.
Bullies terrorize with impunity.
Bullies thrive on a herd mentality, so accusations made to teachers, coaches, etc.
Bullies thrive on the results that they get by hurting or intimidating others.
Bullies thrive on the results they get by hurting others emotionally or physically.
Bullies throw giant snowballs with a slingshot and hit a few kids.
Bullies try to be liked.
Bullies turn into anti-social adults likely to commit crimes, batter spouses and abuse children.
Bullies use a pattern of small and insidious events over a prolonged period of time.
Bullies use aggression to gain social dominance and are generally viewed positively by their peers.
Bullies use their power to hurt other people.
Bully isa attacker.
Bullies always seem to win.
Bullies frequently hang out with other bullies, which further reinforces their negative behavior.
Bullies frequently lack parental warmth and involvement and seem to desire power and control.
Bullies often cause serious problems that schools, families, and neighbors ignore.
Bullies often choose children who are passive, easily intimidated, or have few friends.
Bullies often model what they see at home.
Bullies often pick on kids who are alone.
Bullies often target more than one person.
Bullies usually have a positive self-image and a desire to be in control.
Bullies usually have high self-esteem.
Bullies usually pick on kids who are alone.
Bullies usually wreak their damage well out of sight of adults.
All bullies are cowards.
All bullies have low self-esteem.
Many bullies are skilled at talking their way out of situations.
Many bullies take personal items because they're easy to get.
Many bullies try to pass off acts of aggression as rough-housing between friends, just having fun.
Most bullies are boys, but girls can also be bullies.
Most bullies are in some ways victims themselves.
Most bullies are male and the two biggest tools bullies use are name-calling and hitting.
Most bullies are stronger or bigger than their victims.
Most bullies have attitude.
Most bullies have heads.
Most bullies have negative attitude.
Most bullies have problems.
Most bullies have same problems.
Most bullies have social problems.
Some bullies are also depressed.
Some bullies are girls.
Some bullies can even have allergic reactions to plastics.
Some bullies cause suicide.
Some bullies get daughters.
Some bullies have allergies.
Some bullies have high self-esteem.
Some bullies simply enjoy wielding power.
Some bullies steal a classmate's hat on the playground.
Some bullies take places.
A bullying is aggression
Bullying affects only a small number of students.
Bullying affects school performance, attendance, and how kids feel about themselves.
Bullying affects the process of consensus-building.
Bullying also forebodes other risks.
Bullying also includes sexual harassment.
Bullying also is a part of many adults' lives.
Bullying also raises liability concerns.
Bullying appears to be a compulsive behaviour, driven by anxiety.
Bullying are aggression.
Bullying are hazards.
Bullying are workplace hazards.
Bullying arises, therefore, when someone feels that they are being bullied.
Bullying begins in elementary school, peaks in middle school, and falls off in high school.
Bullying can also affect students who are bystanders.
Bullying can also consist of a single interaction.
Bullying can be a response to extreme stress and frustration or a lack of supervisory skills.
Bullying can be complex and difficult to solve.
Bullying can be direct or indirect and varies between boys and girls.
Bullying can be either physical or verbal, and can range from mild teasing to pushing and hitting .
Bullying can be in the form of being called names, being picked on, or being excluded.
Bullying can be physical, emotional or social.
Bullying can be physical, too.
Bullying can be physical, verbal and emotional.
Bullying can be words.
Bullying can cause a stress-related illness to their victims.
Bullying can cause both physical and emotional damage to children.
Bullying can cause the self-esteem level to drop dramatically in many cases.
Bullying can consist of a single interaction.
Bullying can happen to almost anyone.
Bullying can happen to anyone of any age.
Bullying can have a devastating effect on the lives of victimes.
Bullying can have long term affects.
Bullying can include physical attacks, name-calling, verbal taunts, threats and even extortion.
Bullying can kill.
Bullying can lead to extreme suffering and, in some cases, even suicide.
Bullying can lead to physical injury, social problems, emotional problems, and even death.
Bullying can leave permanent physical and emotional injuries.
Bullying can make life miserable.
Bullying can mean many different things.
Bullying can occur at any age, in any environment, and can be long or short-term.
Bullying can still be a problem in schools.
Bullying can take many different forms.
Bullying can take many forms.
Bullying causes psychiatric injury, a feature of which is reactive depression.
Bullying continues to be an issue for some.
Bullying creates deep emotional scars in children.
Bullying does occur in all schools.
Bullying exacts a terrible toll on children.
Bullying goes down, because older students protect the children they tutor.
Bullying happens over and over again.
Bullying happens to people of all ages .
Bullying happens to people of all ages.
Bullying happens when a child is picked on by another child, or group of children.
Bullying happens when someone verbally or physically harasses someone else.
Bullying has a very damaging effect on staff and the organisation.
Bullying has no place in a safe school.
Bullying has nothing to do with managing, achievement of tasks, team working, etc.
Bullying has to stop right now before more teens kill themselves for nothing.
Bullying hurts inside and outside.
Bullying implies an imbalance in power or strength in which one child is victimized by others.
Bullying includes taunting, teasing and calling names.
Bullying involves deliberate, hurtful and repeated mistreatment of a target.
Bullying involves repeated harassment, either physical or verbal, of someone who is weaker.
Bullying is a behavior and behavior can be controlled, changed or managed.
Bullying is a behavior that is very often one of the first steps to more serious problems.
Bullying is a big problem in education.
Bullying is a big problem in schools and other educational establishments.
Bullying is a common experience among American elementary and middle school students.
Bullying is a common experience for many children and adolescents.
Bullying is a common problem in schools.
Bullying is a covert activity.
Bullying is a destructive force in our lives.
Bullying is a distinctive pattern of deliberately harming and humiliating others.
Bullying is a form of peer abuse.
Bullying is a form of violence.
Bullying is a growing problem that can leave deep psychological scars or drive children to suicide.
Bullying is a health and safety issue.
Bullying is a kind of conflict that concerns many people.
Bullying is a learned behavior.
Bullying is a lifelong phenomena.
Bullying is a major cause of stress.
Bullying is a major cause of trauma and often eclipses other recognised traumas such as bereavement.
Bullying is a major problem across the nation.
Bullying is a normal part of growing up.
Bullying is a pervasive problem for school children in the U.S. as well as internationally.
Bullying is a precursor to antisocial or aggressive behavior.
Bullying is a problem all around the world.
Bullying is a problem in many schools and it can take many forms.
Bullying is a problem that occurs in the social environment as a whole.
Bullying is a purposeful action.
Bullying is a rare occurrence.
Bullying is a repeated, deliberate act to hurt someone physically, verbally or psychologically.
Bullying is a safety and health issue.
Bullying is a sensitive issue.
Bullying is a serious problem which needs to be eliminated.
Bullying is a significant problem for many children.
Bullying is a terrible, terrible thing.
Bullying is a thorny and, at times, dangerous issue.
Bullying is a type of aggression, mainly psychological.
Bullying is a worldwide problem and occurs in many different forms.
Bullying is about empowerment.
Bullying is abusive behavior.
Bullying is against the law.
Bullying is all too common in colleges.
Bullying is also a result of the confused sex roles in our schools.
Bullying is also bad for business.
Bullying is also bad for the bullies because they never learn about consequences.
Bullying is always a useful tactic in a military coup.
Bullying is an abnormal way for people to deal with their emotional problems.
Bullying is an agent of moral decandancy.
Bullying is an age-old school problem that, left unchecked, can lead to violence.
Bullying is an early form of aggressive, violent behavior.
Bullying is an epidemic.
Bullying is an escalating global phenomenon and Australia is no exception.
Bullying is an infringement of that right.
Bullying is an issue that needs to be addressed.
Bullying is any action which hurts or threatens another person, either physically or mentally.
Bullying is as capricious and surprising as the bully's personality is unpredictable.
Bullying is bad, unless the victim is gay or lesbian.
Bullying is behaviour which is generally persistent, systematic and ongoing.
Bullying is called mobbing in Sweden and it is a prosecutable offence.
Bullying is clearly a threat to peace in our schools.
Bullying is dangerous for both the bully and the victim.
Bullying is defined as 'words or actions intended to threaten, frighten, abuse or hurt'.
Bullying is difficult for all students.
Bullying is difficult to define because it can involve so many things.
Bullying is disruptive, damaging and can sabotage the best school learning environment.
Bullying is evil and manipulative.
Bullying is found in rural and city schools.
Bullying is generally ongoing.
Bullying is harassment.
Bullying is indeed a significant problem in many children's lives.
Bullying is just one social malady being engendered in our children via day care.
Bullying is kind of conflict that concerns many people.
Bullying is known to have long term consequences for both the victim and the perpetrator.
Bullying is less likely to occur near adults.
Bullying is like sexual abuse.
Bullying is more of a problem to employers than incivility.
Bullying is more than just one single act of aggressive teasing or fighting.
Bullying is most common by the second grade and then supposedly declines by the high school years.
Bullying is most severe in grades seven to nine.
Bullying is mostly common in schools, although it can happen anywhere at all.
Bullying is no laughing matter - for the victim or the bully.
Bullying is often hierarchical.
Bullying is often performance art.
Bullying is often the issue which causes parents to opt for placement outside the mainstream.
Bullying is often the pursuit of dominance when one s own self-esteem is low or depressed.
Bullying is often very physical in nature, with open attacks of aggression being the most common.
Bullying is personal.
Bullying is rampant in the city schools and in society.
Bullying is rampant in U.S. schools.
Bullying is recognized as the most serious and wide-spread problem facing schools today.
Bullying is repeated and systematic harassment and attacks on others.
Bullying is rife in YOIs and is likely to affect an individual's mental health.
Bullying is serious.
Bullying is slightly different as it is intentional.
Bullying is so destructive.
Bullying is such miserable behaviour.
Bullying is the most common form of violence in our society, driving the culture of violence.
Bullying is the working world's dirty little secret.
Bullying is typically unpredictable, irrational and sometimes unseen by others.
Bullying is ugly especially in a politician.
Bullying is unconscionable meanness and a precursor to violence, if left unchecked.
Bullying is verbal aggression and it needs to be stopped just like hitting.
Bullying is very common and probably happens in all schools.
Bullying is when someone keeps doing or saying things to have power over another person.
Bullying is widespread, often ignored in schools.
Bullying is wrong.
Bullying is, unfortunately, relatively common in childhood.
Bullying knows no financial, cultural or social bounds.
Bullying knows no international boundaries, socio-economic status or ethnic boundaries.
Bullying occurs once every seven minutes.
Bullying pervades the lives of school children.
Bullying prevents employees fulfilling their duties.
Bullying remains for the most part unacknowledged, underreported, and minimized by schools.
Bullying remains the principle explanation for what appears to be increased violence.
Bullying shows no respect for geography, school size or class, race or gender.
Bullying starts with the family, with the community.
Bullying takes a heavy toll on the victims.
Bullying takes different forms, some less obvious than others.
Bullying takes many forms where there is an imbalance of power and control.
Bullying takes many forms.
Bullying takes place most frequently in school.
Bullying often appears to come with no negative consequences for the culprits.
Bullying often happens before classes start or if classes have been dismissed early.
Bullying often involves an imbalance of power.
Bullying often starts when people pick on something that's different.
Most bullying goes on behind a teacher's back or after school.
Most bullying is verbal rather than physical.
Most bullying is verbal.
Most bullying occurs off school grounds.
A bulrush is a cattail
Bulrushes are plants that grow in water.
Bulrushes are the tall round-stemmed reeds that look like green fishing rods.
Bulrushes are thin and the finished roof look was very beautiful.
Bulrushes Cut a bulrush leaf perpendicular to it s long axis.
Bulrushes grow as single sprouts several inches apart for each other.
Bulrushes grow by the manmade ponds that has been created.
Bulrushes line the mouth of a cave.
Bulrushs are rushs.
A bulwark is a barrier
Bulwarks are coconut leaf mats on stanchions coming out of the deck.
A bum is a person
Bum isa individual.
Bum isa person.
Bum isa somebody.
Bum isa someone.
Bums aim at artistic achievement.
Bums are located in beachs.
Bums are located in bridges.
Bums are located in bus stops.
Bums are located in parks.
Bums are located in train stations.
Bums are people.
Bums are the only ones who are truly free in America.
Bums are the type of shit that are in a diaper.
Bums desire handouts.
Bums have (part) arms.
Bums have (part) body substances.
Bums have (part) cell membranes.
Bums have (part) cells.
Bums have (part) corpi.
Bums have (part) cytoplasm.
Bums have (part) heads.
Bums have (part) human bodies.
Bums have (part) legs.
Bums have (part) material bodies.
Bums have (part) necks.
Bums have (part) nuclei.
Bums have (part) personality.
Bums have (part) plasma membranes.
Bums have (part) sections.
Bums have (part) vacuoles.
Bums seem to hover somewhere between misery and meanness, and belligerence and shame.
Bums work or starve.
All bums carry the same sign begging passersby's to help.
Any bum can hate.
Most bums smell bad and are lazy.
Some bums wait in subway stations.
Bumble bees are generally larger and have heavier bodies.
Bumble bees are important pollinators of native prairie plants.
Bumble bees are important pollinators of wild flowering plants and crops.
Bumble bees are large, hairy, black and yellow insects.
Bumble bees are large, robust bees covered with dense black and yellow hairs.
Bumble bees are located in meadows.
Bumble bees are much less aggressive than honey bees.
Bumble bees are social and nest in existing cavities, usually on or in the ground.
Bumble bees are social insects and live in colonies.
Bumble bees are social insects that live in small colonies in the ground.
Bumble bees are the other major foraging bee evident on flowering shrubs and lawn clovers.
Bumble bees are very common.
Bumble bees become rarer in southern Florida.
Bumble bees can appear a little furrier than honey bees.
Bumble bees eat nectar, sap, pollen, and fruit juice.
Bumble bees form their colonies in existing cavities.
Bumble bees have a hairy abdomen while carpenter bees have a hairless, black shiny abdomen.
Bumble bees have a queen that produces drones, workers and other queens.
Bumble bees have hairy abdomens, which are usually yellow and black.
Bumble bees have yellow hairs on the other abdominal segments as well.
Bumble bees hold pollen on their hind legs like the honey bee.
Bumble bees like to nest in thick grass, abandoned rodent nests, or abandoned furniture.
Bumble bees live all over the world.
Bumble bees nest in the ground.
Bumble bees pollinate many wild flower species that birds and small mammals rely on for food.
Bumble bees produce annual colonies in South Carolina.
Bumble bees use old mice burrows, cavities in buildings, and other locations to make their nests.
Bumble bees visit crown vetch flowers.
Some bumble bees belong to families.
Bumble foot is a pussy core in the pad of the foot which swells and causes the bird to go lame.
Bumblebee bats are really small.
Bumblebee bats have a wingspan of five and a half inches.
A bumblebee is a bee
Bumblebee Flies Away.
Bumblebee is listed first because it is the most widely used.
Bumblebee queens appear to maintain dominance purely by aggressive behaviour.
Bumblebee queens produce wax to build cells in their burrows.
Bumblebees agree to walk, bike or boat to their sites.
Bumblebees also seem less prone to the diseases currently plaguing the honeybees.
Bumblebees also work at low temperatures and under cloudy skies.
Bumblebees appear as characters, often eponymously, in children's books.
Bumblebees appear later in the season.
Bumblebees are almost as hard to find today as honeybees.
Bumblebees are bees.
Bumblebees are better pollinators for blueber-ries but are more expensive to get.
Bumblebees are common, large, slow moving bees.
Bumblebees are effective because they are so big, and they carry more pollen.
Bumblebees are especially effective in pollinating red clover.
Bumblebees are important pollinators of both crops and wildflowers .
Bumblebees are insects.
Bumblebees are larger and stronger than honeybees.
Bumblebees are less dependant on the weather during inflorescence.
Bumblebees are Northern Hemisphere animals.
Bumblebees are often larger and certainly hairier.
Bumblebees are plump and covered with black and yellow hairs.
Bumblebees are poor for fruit, because their populations are very small early in the season.
Bumblebees are regular visitors to the small blue flowers.
Bumblebees are shown gathering pollen and making their nests and viewed in contrast with honeybees.
Bumblebees are social insects living in groups.
Bumblebees are social insects that form colonies with a single queen.
Bumblebees are social insects, but produce an annual colony.
Bumblebees are the only native bees that are highly social, like honeybees.
Bumblebees are useful pollinators inside greenhouses.
Bumblebees are valuable in Massachusetts for pollinating cranberries.
Bumblebees are varied in appearance, but are generally plump and densely furry.
Bumblebees are very tolerant and co-operative animals to work with.
Bumblebees bring tomato pollen to their larvae in the hive.
Bumblebees bumble around, and a big black beetle stumbles across the ground.
Bumblebees enjoy the nectar from the cream false indigo in spring.
Bumblebees feel a doom impending in autumn.
Bumblebees gather nectar to add to the stores in the nest, and pollen to feed their young.
Bumblebees get their food almost exclusively from flowers, and are active pollinators.
Bumblebees go into a kind of frenzy when feeding on the nectar of the prickly pear.
Bumblebees grasp the tomato flower and vibrate their thorax to shake the pollen loose.
Bumblebees have a salivary gland that mixes pollen and nectar it collects with saliva it secretes.
Bumblebees have small wings in comparison to their body.
Bumblebees have some yellow hair on the top of the abdomen.
Bumblebees have two antennae in the middle of the head between their eyes.
Bumblebees have yellow and black body hair on all body parts.
Bumblebees help flowers to reproduce.
Bumblebees live in colonies in the summer and assist in pollination of clovers for seed production.
Bumblebees nest in soil or piles of dead leaves.
Bumblebees now do the vibration but at much less cost.
Bumblebees only make small amounts of a honey-like substance to eat themselves.
Bumblebees pollinate the flowers by forcing their way into the tightly closed petals.
Bumblebees prefer partial shade for nesting.
Bumblebees see a different wavelength of light to humans, known as UV light.
Bumblebees seem reluctant to sting, and appear to do so only if they feel really threatened .
Bumblebees shiver their flight muscles to generate heat and trap the warmth in their velvety fur.
Bumblebees stand for mathematical order, unpredictability, anger, fear, and creative abundance.
Bumblebees often nest in the ground, but can be found above ground around patio areas or decks.
All bumblebees have a sting , as hive bees do .
All bumblebees have a sting, as hive bees do.
Most bumblebees live in small groups , which generally last only for a year .
Most bumblebees live in small groups, which generally last only for a year.
A bumboat is a boat
Bumboats are the traditional work horses of the river.
Bummeds are albums.
A bummer is irritation
Bummers extend to wives and girlfriends and caddies and friends.
Bummers is no laughing matter.
Bump caps are lightweight and durable but only provide protection from minor bumps and abrasions.
Bump maps can add a lot to polygonal models.
Bump mapping is applied to the bottom of the pot.
Bump mapping uses a technique to give the perceived effect of depth to an otherwise flat texture.
Bump start is quite simple.
Bump stops help cushion a collapsing or bottoming-out suspension, preventing expensive damage.
A bump is impact
Bump hips right twice.
Bump hips right, left, right ending with weight on the right foot.
Camels eat plants.
Camels eat thorny plants.
Camels eat woody plants.
Camels exhibit behaviour.
Camels exhibit unusual tolerance for dehydration.
Camels exist only in the domesticated state in Africa and Asia.
Camels feed on vegetation, including shrubs and grasses.
Camels figure in a startling case of cultural reversal.
Camels give birth to offspring.
Camels graze around the cosmonaut mosaic that marks the entrance to the town.
Camels graze on steppes.
Camels has-part feet.
Camels has-part legs.
Camels has-part muscles.
Camels has-part stomachs.
Camels haul cartloads of wood and shepard boys tend their herds.
Camels have (part) brains.
Camels have (part) breasts.
Camels have (part) cannon bones.
Camels have (part) cell membranes.
Camels have (part) cells.
Camels have (part) chest cavities.
Camels have (part) chests.
Camels have (part) corpi.
Camels have (part) cytoplasm.
Camels have (part) ears.
Camels have (part) faces.
Camels have (part) heads.
Camels have (part) hip sockets.
Camels have (part) hoofs.
Camels have (part) nuclei.
Camels have (part) piluses.
Camels have (part) plasma membranes.
Camels have (part) rib cages.
Camels have (part) sections.
Camels have (part) skulls.
Camels have (part) sterna.
Camels have (part) vacuoles.
Camels have a different way of dealing with the unforgiving heat and lack of water in the desert.
Camels have a hard time with very steep places.
Camels have a multisectioned, ruminating stomach.
Camels have a very high requirement for salt.
Camels have a way of going whichever way they want.
Camels have ability.
Camels have an ambling gait, simultaneously bringing up both legs on the same side.
Camels have an extra set of eyelids which help to keep the sand out of their eyes.
Camels have an extremely good sense of smell and keen vision.
Camels have behavioral, structural and physiological adaptaions that conserve water.
Camels have big feet for a very good reason.
Camels have broad, flat, leathery pads with two toes on each foot.
Camels have bumps over their eyes that act as built-in sun visors to help keep out bright sunlight.
Camels have bushy eyebrows and two rows of eyelashes to keep the sand out of their eyes.
Camels have calluslike bare spots on their chests and on their leg joints.
Camels have exceptionally good eyesight and sense of smell.
Camels have eyes.
Camels have feet.
Camels have fur.
Camels have hairy eyelashes, ears and nostrils to keep out the sand.
Camels have hump humps.
Camels have humps.
Camels have legs.
Camels have long eyelashes and thick eyebrows affording protection from foreign matter.
Camels have long, strong legs.
Camels have many adaptations for their desert habitats.
Camels have milk teeth.
Camels have mouths.
Camels have oval shaped red blood cells which helps keep blood flowing in dehydrated states.
Camels have oval shapes.
Camels have pads on their feet to help it walk on the sand.
Camels have part of the East African culture for centuries.
Camels have shapes.
Camels have skin.
Camels have small hairy rounded ears which are teddy bear like in appearance.
Camels have stomachs.
Camels have teeth.
Camels have the reputation of being bad tempered and stubborn creatures who spit and kick.
Camels have the reputation of being bad-tempered and obstinate creatures who spit and kick.
Camels have thick fur.
Camels have thick leathery lips so they can eat prickly desert plants.
Camels have thick lips so they can eat the prickly desert plants with out being injured.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Camels have three sets of eyelids.
Camels have three stomachs.
Camels have tough feet so that they can endure the scorching desert sands.
Camels have two rows of thick eyelashes to protect their eyes from the desert dust.
Camels have two toes on each foot.
Camels have ways to keep from sweating too much.
Camels hear something.
Camels hear sound.
Camels inhabit regions.
Camels inhabit territory.
Camels like to stay together in groups called herds.
Camels literally can survive on plant wastes, like an old twig basket or a mat.
Camels live for several years.
Camels live for years.
Camels live in Africa and Asia.
Camels live in arid areas.
Camels live in climates.
Camels live in desert, where it is hot and dry.
Camels live in deserts , where it is hot and dry .
Camels live in deserts of Africa and Asia.
Camels live in deserts that are hot and dry during the day, but cold at night.
Camels live in deserts, where it is hot and dry.
Camels live in deserts.
Camels live in groups , with one male , several females , and their young calves .
Camels live in groups, with one male, several females, and their young calves .
Camels live in groups, with one male, several females, and their young calves.
Camels live in hot climates.
Camels live in regions.
Camels live in the desert and can go for a long time without water.
Camels live in the desert, where it is dry and hot during the day.
Camels live in the Sahara Desert.
Camels make milk.
Camels mate all year round, but they have a favorable period when vegetation is lush.
Camels may have difficulty.
Camels move legs.
Camels need food.
Camels need water.
Camels ordinarily sit down carefully.
Camels play in water.
Camels possess bodies.
Camels possess hair.
Camels possess humps.
Camels prefer deserts.
Camels prefer dry deserts and arid lands to inhabit.
Camels provide everything in a desert environment.
Camels pull carts of marble and slate.
Camels pull load.
Camels reach maturity.
Camels reach sexual maturity.
Camels remove fluids from body cells rather than the blood.
Camels reproduce by copulating during breeding season after the males compete for dominance.
Camels require cells.
Camels require environments.
Camels require habitats.
Camels require similar veterinary care to other domestic animals such as cattle and horses.
Camels require water.
Camels respond to verbal commands, and their gaits are gentle.
Camels rest at an Arab encampment in the foreground, giving the viewer a feeling of authenticity.
Camels retain water.
Camels roam deserts.
Camels roam regions.
Camels run about seven feet tall.
Camels run like a giraffe with both legs on one side of the body moving simultaneously.
Camels save water by producing dry feces and only small amounts of urine.
Camels save water.
Camels seek water.
Camels serve as draft animals and supply hair for the manufacture of fabrics and brushes.
Camels shed hair.
Camels solve their copulation difficulties by assuming a sitting-down posture.
Camels spit just like humans do.
Camels spit, too.
Camels stand on feet.
Camels store heat during the day and unload it in the cool of the night.
Camels survive in climates.
Camels survive in dry climates.
Camels survive in hot deserts by storing water in body fat in their humps.
Camels survive trips.
Camels survive years.
Camels sway from side to side because of the way their legs work.
Camels tend to be large and are strictly herbivorous.
Camels to drink salty water.
Camels to drink water.
Camels to stretch legs.
Camels to survive in deserts.
Camels travel in herds or caravans containing mostly females and calves with one dominant male.
Camels truly are survivors of the desert.
Camels walk longer distances than horses.
Camels walk on feet.
Camels walk using a technique called pacing.
Camels will have energy.
Camels work hard for people, but their behavior is unpredictable.
All camels have the same silhouette.
All camels lose their fur in spring and grow a new coat.
All camels moult in spring and have grown a new coat by autumn.
Most camels adapt to desert environments.
Most camels adapt to environments.
Most camels adapt to life.
Most camels adapt to surround environments.
Most camels become carriers.
Most camels can have diarrhoea.
Most camels carry full load.
Most camels carry load.
Most camels carry travelers.
Most camels carry water.
Most camels come from deserts.
Most camels conserve water.
Most camels cross deserts.
Most camels drink litres.
Most camels drink salty water.
Most camels drink water.
Most camels eat grain.
Most camels eat grass.
Most camels eat pasture.
Most camels eat plants.
Most camels eat thorny plants.
Most camels eat woody plants.
Most camels exhibit behaviour.
Most camels give birth to offspring.
Most camels graze on steppes.
Most camels has-part feet.
Most camels has-part legs.
Most camels has-part muscles.
Most camels has-part stomachs.
Most camels have ability.
Most camels have eyes.
Most camels have feet.
Most camels have fur.
Most camels have hump humps.
Most camels have humps.
Most camels have legs.
Most camels have milk teeth.
Most camels have mouths.
Most camels have oval shapes.
Most camels have shapes.
Most camels have skin.
Most camels have teeth.
Most camels have thick fur.
Most camels hear something.
Most camels hear sound.
Most camels inhabit regions.
Most camels inhabit territory.
Most camels live for several years.
Most camels live for years.
Most camels live in climates.
Most camels live in deserts.
Most camels live in hot climates.
Most camels live in regions.
Most camels make milk.
Most camels move legs.
Most camels play in water.
Most camels possess bodies.
Most camels possess hair.
Most camels possess humps.
Most camels prefer deserts.
Most camels pull load.
Most camels reach maturity.
Most camels reach sexual maturity.
Most camels require cells.
Most camels require environments.
Most camels require habitats.
Most camels require water.
Most camels retain water.
Most camels save water.
Most camels seek water.
Most camels stand on feet.
Most camels survive in climates.
Most camels survive in dry climates.
Most camels survive trips.
Most camels survive years.
Most camels surviving today are domesticated.
Most camels walk on feet.
Some camels are evolved from ancestors.
Some camels avoid enemies.
Some camels become feeders.
Some camels become opportunistic feeders.
Some camels can learn to manage wet conditions.
Some camels carry people.
Some camels come from circus.
Some camels come from countries.
Some camels depend on plants.
Some camels develop tolerance.
Some camels eat fruit.
Some camels eat leaves.
Some camels eat rubbish.
Some camels eat shrubs.
Some camels eat thorny twigs.
Some camels eat twigs.
Some camels eat vegetables.
Some camels graze in environments.
Some camels graze in grass.
Some camels has-part lids.
Some camels have bare spots.
Some camels have branches.
Some camels have layers.
Some camels have regulations.
Some camels have spots.
Some camels have temperature regulations.
Some camels have twins.
Some camels hear babies.
Some camels hear goats.
Some camels hear monkeys.
Some camels hear pigs.
Some camels hear rabbits.
Some camels kill owners.
Some camels live in cellars.
Some camels live in zoos.
Some camels occupy ranges.
Some camels possess eyelashs.
Some camels produce milk.
Some camels pull carts.
Some camels receive milk.
Some camels rely on strategies.
Some camels require ground.
Some camels sit on legs.
Some camels suffer health problems.
Some camels suffer problems.
Some camels thrive in desert environments.
Some camels thrive in environments.
Some camels transmit parasites.
Some camels utilize proteins.
A camelia is a bush
Camelia is different.
Camelid genomes reveal evolution and adaptation to desert environments.
Camelid wool is different than sheep wool in a number of ways.
Camellia oil is used in shampoos and creams to moisturize hair and skin.
A camellia is a bush
Camellia bud mites cause buds to develop slowly and either open late or fall off before opening.
Camellia japonica cv.
Camellia japonica ssp.
Camellias are a favourite.
Camellias are also old favorites.
Camellias are attractive plants even when they have no flowers.
Camellias are available in a range of colours from light pink, to reds, whites and yellows.
Camellias are common in warm temperate climates and bloom generally while it is cool outside.
Camellias are hardy, but for extra protection, apply mulch and cover flower buds if frost threatens.
Camellias are known to have both types of double flowers.
Camellias are natives of Southeast Asia, primarily southern China and Japan.
Camellias are one of the easiest of all spring-flowering plants to grow in a temperate climate.
Camellias are plants.
Camellias are shallow rooted plants.
Camellias are shallow-rooted plants.
Camellias are shrubs.
Camellias are susceptible to only a few insect and disease pests.
Camellias benefit from light shade in summer and protection from winter wind.
Camellias bring a unique beauty and form to indoor gardening.
Camellias can also be white, pink, or a mixture.
Camellias can grow quite large, depending on the variety.
Camellias can stand heavy pruning periodically and still recover, but do so as soon as possible.
Camellias grow best in a loose, well-drained soil that is slightly acid.
Camellias grow very slowly.
Camellias have a slow growth rate .
Camellias have a slow growth rate.
Camellias love soil mixtures with lots of peat, leaf mold and sand.
Camellias prefer to be planted near the top of the soil.
Camellias require a highly organic and slightly acidic soil.
Camellias rival the azaleas for ease of growth and beauty of form and foliage throughout the year.
Camellias thrive in containers under oak trees.
Camellias thrive in moist, well-drained, slightly acidic soils and prefer partial shade.
Camellias work well in the South and in California.
Most camellias grow and produce better flowers in partial shade.
Most camellias have blooms that are some shade of white or red.
Some camellias bloom in the fall, some in winter, and some in spring.
Camels humps are a reservoir of fatty tissue, while water is stored in their blood.
Camembert cheese is a local specialty.
A cameo is an anaglyph
Cameo are trademarks.
Cameo click here .
Cameo has a lovely lofty trot, good style over fences and a very easy attitude .
Cameo has an extensive book and film library for photo refrence for ease in communication.
Cameo has diamond in necklace.
Cameo has pinback on it.
Cameo is a golden lab who is one year old and the friendliest dog in the world.
Cameo is a versatile and youthful wine to be served on any occasion.
Cameo is back.
Cameo is constructed to be a high performance, easy to use mixer.
Cameo is constructed to be a high-performance, easy to use mixer.
Cameo is currently in an embryo program.
Cameo is off white with the smallest hint of pink.
Cameo is one inch wide.
Cameo is sometimes call Ballerina.
Cameo loves to disassemble everything.
Cameo pink on ivory plicata.
Cameo reviews all incoming and outgoing e-mail, scanning it for keywords and phrases.
All cameos are hand carved genuine shell cameos unless stated otherwise.
Many cameos tell a story from history or mythology.
A camera angle is a point of view
Camera angle backs off somewhat, same scene.
Camera angle can be manual adjusted.
Camera angle changes back to original position.
Camera angle gets annoying at times, music and sound effects are pretty good.
Camera angles are bad as well as focusing.
Camera angles are bad at times, so getting the timing right and avoiding traps is difficult.
Camera angles are from the victim's point of view.
Camera angles are intelligent and varied.
Camera angles are points of view.
Camera angles are surprisingly varied, offering five in total.
Camera angles can occasionally be a problem.
Camera angles move up and down and from side to side in true cinematic fashion.
Every camera angle has a reason - adds to the scene.
Every camera angle is always worth the effort.
Every camera angle is wrong.
Camera body pulls freely from case and all parts functional.
Camera coverage is the next best thing.
Camera crews are welcome with prior authorization.
Camera crews capture every exciting detail of people s personal lives as it happens.
Camera crews make their intermittent skirmishes into the west end.
Camera crews tend to shy away from taping in the bathroom.
Camera flashes fill the ballpark.
Camera focus is consitently quite good.
A camera lens is a lens
Camera lens is completely hidden behind PIR lens.
Camera lens is computer focused for optimum image clarity.
Camera lenses are lenses.
Camera lenses are part of cameras.
Camera lenses are part of television cameras.
Camera lenses Choose a compact camera with a good quality lens on it.
Camera lenses operate in a similar way.
Most camera lenses are part of cameras.
Some camera lenses produce photographs that are darker at the edges than in the middle.
Careful planning is an essential part of any program installation.
Careful planning is an important component.
Careful planning is an important part of doing a dual degree.
Careful planning is at the heart of every successful investigation.
Careful planning is boring.
Careful planning is both necessary and wise.
Careful planning is critical for a smooth transition.
Careful planning is critical to ensure a comfortable, safe, and fun trip.
Careful planning is critical to the high school program.
Careful planning is crucial to achieving financial goals.
Careful planning is crucial when considering estate plans.
Careful planning is crucial.
Careful planning is doubly important online.
Careful planning is encouraged before going for a hike.
Careful planning is encouraged to avoid forfeiting any unused funds at the end of the year.
Careful planning is especially important for social studies and science majors.
Careful planning is essential .
Careful planning is essential for a productive information interview.
Careful planning is essential for a successful and enjoyable visit to the islands.
Careful planning is essential for a successful party.
Careful planning is essential for obtaining high-quality photographs of soil profiles.
Careful planning is essential for success in higher education today.
Careful planning is essential in order to use time efficiently.
Careful planning is essential to a successful building program.
Careful planning is essential to achieving desired results in a remodel project.
Careful planning is essential to achieving satisfactory results.
Careful planning is essential to avoid surprises.
Careful planning is essential when considering an item with such importance.
Careful planning is essential.
Careful planning is everything.
Careful planning is given to site architecture, navigability and design.
Careful planning is important for any project.
Careful planning is important for designing an attractive looking garden.
Careful planning is important in order to meet specific requirements.
Careful planning is important.
Careful planning is key to success.
Careful planning is key to successful summative evaluations.
Careful planning is key to successful tobacco cessation.
Careful planning is key.
Careful planning is necessary before burning.
Careful planning is necessary for timely completion of degree and certification requirements.
Careful planning is necessary to float the swift Skagit River.
Careful planning is necessary.
Careful planning is needed before committing to such systems.
Careful planning is needed to avoid a massacre.
Careful planning is needed to avoid taking extra years to graduate.
Careful planning is needed to obtain exchange treatment and avoid incurring capital gains tax.
Careful planning is needed, however, in order to manage such a migration responsibly.
Careful planning is of the utmost importance.
Careful planning is one of the most important elements of any successful business.
Careful planning is part of what makes a person wise and productive.
Careful planning is regarded as stuffiness, while breezy improvisation is all the rage.
Careful planning is required as backcountry users are responsible for their own safety and comfort.
Careful planning is required to ensure seamless integration.
Careful planning is required to ensure that proper numbers of livestock and elk use the pasture.
Careful planning is required to insure that the courses are scheduled in the appropriate sequence.
Careful planning is required to make such an accelerated program work.
Careful planning is required to take full advantage of such opportunities.
Careful planning is required, since some statistics courses are taught no more than once per year.
Careful planning is required.
Careful planning is the answer.
Careful planning is the best remedy.
Careful planning is the key to a successful party.
Careful planning is the key to a successful project.
Careful planning is the key to producing an effective publication.
Careful planning is the key to success.
Careful planning is the long-range solution to stress management.
Careful planning is the surest way to assure success.
Careful planning is therefore essential.
Careful planning is vital if pollution incidents are to be avoided.
Careful planning is worth more than money.
Careful planning needs to take place when deciding to bring an AB into a house with cats.
Careful planning saves many headaches.
Careful planting can be a productive draw for the deer, but there are a few things to remember.
Careful planting is very important for early fruit and good fruit production.
Careful preparation can help overcome some of the stresses.
Careful preparation can help the home buyer save thousands of dollars over the life of the mortgage.
Careful preparation is advised.
Careful preparation is critical to informed and fruitful discussion.
Careful preparation is essential for successful accomplishment.
Careful preparation is essential to effective presentation.
Careful preparation is essential.
Careful preparation is important.
Careful preparation is necessary to realize the full value of any wrongful death claim.
Careful preparation is needed.
Careful preparation is required for each feeding.
Careful preparation is required.
Careful preparation is the key to an effective behavioral interview.
Careful preparation is the key to making the return to work successful.
Careful preparation is the key to making the right lasting impression.
Careful preparation is the key to success.
Careful preparation is the key to tangible results.
Careful preparation is the key.
Careful preparation is to be made, at least as careful as for preaching.
Careful preparation is usually necessary.
Careful preparation makes the journey easier.
Careful preparation saves time and money, increases accuracy, and prevents scheduling delays.
Careful preparation saves time.
Careful procedures are necessary for handling the various compressed gases in cylinders.
Careful programming can prevent most kinds of harm.
Careful programming is the first step toward a successful multi-purpose facility.
Careful reading can yield a lot of information.
Careful reading increases one's vocabulary and general verbal sensitivity and sophistication.
Careful reading is as important a tool as a wrench or hammer.
Careful reading shows many such charts to be made up of mostly flattering traits.
Careful reading shows the like upon almost every page.
Careful recovery is the most important thing after locating a target.
Careful reflection suggests nobody really won.
Careful registration is crucial for proper interpretation.
Careful regulation ensures that hunting and fishing are carried out in a sound and sustainable way.
Careful research has yet to find any reproductive or sexual organs on a dust bunny.
Careful research is necessary before using any unusual bedding materials.
Careful research precedes every new field entry.
Careful research shows that severely ill patients commit suicide for several reasons.
Careful review leads to the development of a plan that leads to work.
Careful sanitation is the best method to avoid stored product pests.
Careful sanitation is the best method to avoid stored-product pests.
Careful scaffolding is the key.
Careful scheduling can allow a full and active life without nighttime driving.
Careful scheduling is required to ensure that each prisoner appears in court at the designated time.
Careful scholarship contributes to the development of thoughtful and sensitive human beings.
Careful scientists demand conclusive evidence they draw conclusions.
Careful scrutiny is in order.
Careful scrutiny is necessary here.
Careful scrutiny is needed before embarking on a malpractice action.
Careful scrutiny is required.
Careful scrutiny reveals that the rate constant distribution is also a bit skewed.
Careful scrutiny reveals the original, tighter alignment of the North track.
Careful sculpture is important to minimize notching and visible scars.
Careful selection can also give a year round floral affect.
Careful selection can substantially enhance the overall value of a program.
Careful selection is a key to success in achieving the goals and objectives of the department.
Careful selection is essential to minimizing liability.
Careful selection is important.
Careful selection is made for the recipient and delivered on a monthly schedule.
Careful selection is necessary when removing multiple roots.
Careful selection is needed to get the best out of it.
Some careful selections produce results.
Careful settings liven up the sound without adding distortion.
Careful shoppers move down the aisles, slowly filling carts.
Careful shopping can pay off big.
Careful shopping can usually avoid disappointment.
Careful shopping is required, as the value differs greatly.
Careful star counts and determining their distances shows hints of a spiral pattern in the disk.
Careful stewardship is used to maximize donor's gifts.
Careful studies indicate that marijuana is completely nonaddictive and noninjurious.
Careful studies show that accidents increase for older drivers.
Careful studies suggest that the difference in risk is probably due to something about the diet.
Careful study indicates that it is a meditative text with magical overtones.
Careful study is given to the founder, history and beliefs of each group.
Careful study is made of the community needs and an action plan is designed.
Careful study is required to identify the most appropriate control method at any given location.
Careful study is the best way to find truth.
More careful study is needed before they can be recommended as a standard treatment.
Careful supervision is needed when offering larger, more solid portions of food.
Careful supervision is the best way to prevent overspills.
Careful surface contouring preserves the drivers smooth response.
Careful teaching helps students gradually create effective practice habits.
Careful thought has to be given to sort of society to which they are leading.
Careful thought is given to solution design.
Careful thought is given to the size and shape of the openings.
Careful thought is put into each and every element.
Careful thought is required to formulate a decent response.
Careful thought needs to be given to the planning and delivery of such provision.
Careful thought needs to be given to the timing of the commercial research.
Careful thought needs to be given to use and future expansion.
Careful timing can transform a repair into a home improvement.
Careful trackers can deduce an opponent's rack after there are no letters left to draw.
Careful trackers can deduce opponent's rack after there are no letters left to draw.
Careful tracking is important to avoid possible penalties.
More careful translation makes clear what really happened.
Careful travellers mark all their property before flying from home.
Careful treatment restores hair growth.
Careful trees can add more than a ring a year.
Careful use can enable the technique to be employed on moulded and some carved stone surfaces.
Careful use can reduce maintenance and pruning requirements of shrubs.
Careful use can reduce the amount of pollution, but can never prevent it completely.
Careful use is advised.
Careful washing helps to remove accumulated oil, bacteria and dead skin cells on the skin surface.
Careful work can change a person's aural balance with respect to a single substance or disease only.
Careful work is necessary to distribute the table correctly, as the letter usage is far from linear.
Careful writing can eliminate the questions and the maxim, in Latin or English.
Careful writing is the mark of any good historian.
Careful writing reflects careful thought, careless writing reflects careless thought.
Careful writing requires careful readers.
Carefull attention is paid to the process of how all spiritual blades are created.
Carefull practice is required.
All caregiver services are free or low cost.
A caregiver is an adult
Caregivers alone can never provide all the services and care to a patient.
Caregivers also can enrich the physical environments of mice by considering the housing.
Caregivers also feel anger for varied reasons.
Caregivers also have the responsibility to learn the facts and know what the child is doing on-line.
Caregivers also provide emotional and other support.
Caregivers appear rough with the children.
Caregivers are a precious, largely unheralded part of our society.
Caregivers are a vital part of the management team of any chronic illness.
Caregivers are adults.
Caregivers are all ages.
Caregivers are also less likely to take good care of their own health.
Caregivers are also most welcome.
Caregivers are at increased risk for anemia, arthritis, ulcers, heart trouble and diabetes.
Caregivers are at risk for health problems of their own.
Caregivers are available to tend to individual personal hygiene needs.
Caregivers are busy working and providing basic care for the survivor.
Caregivers are concerned about financial security.
Caregivers are creative, resourceful, generous, sensitive and special people.
Caregivers are eligible for respite service, legal consultation and counseling services.
Caregivers are especially prone to neck and backaches that benefit from massage.
Caregivers are extremely important in young children's language development.
Caregivers are focused on making their early church attendance a positive experience.
Caregivers are friendly and keep parents informed.
Caregivers are important in the lives of the young children in care.
Caregivers are in an ideal position to model injury prevention for the parents of infants.
Caregivers are individuals who provide care for an aging person while often managing multiple roles.
Caregivers are key to quality childcare.
Caregivers are more likely to suffer from depression.
Caregivers are more susceptible to colds, flu and more serious diseases.
Caregivers are most often female, either a spouse or a daughter of the victim.
Caregivers are often awake in the early hours of the morning.
Caregivers are often concerned about their child being labeled with a psychiatric disorder.
Caregivers are often the first to notice forgetfulness or memory loss in a senior.
Caregivers are often the persons who notice the first signs of unsafe driving habits.
Caregivers are particularly welcome to participate for respite day trips.
Caregivers are prone to burnout, stress, and depression.
Caregivers are reachable quickly via wireless phone or pager.
Caregivers are recommended to help people find alternatives to using sleep medication when possible.
Caregivers are responsible for confirming the accuracy of the information.
Caregivers are role models.
Caregivers are sometimes shocked to hear a deep purr resonating from a badly injured or dying cat.
Caregivers are the best source of creative solutions.
Caregivers are the child care.
Caregivers are the key to nurturing the self-esteem of each resident.
Caregivers attend one or two small support groups led by a facilitator.
Caregivers become so involved in taking care of others that they forget to take care of themselves.
Caregivers begin mourning while still helping their loved ones live their final days to the fullest.
Caregivers belong to a big club.
Caregivers benefit by having a break from the demands of caregiving.
Caregivers benefit from the perspective and humor shared by all nineteen caregivers.
Caregivers better know their farm animals since the flap only shows a picture and no text.
Caregivers can also request titles or subject materials to complement their curriculum.
Caregivers can also take advantage of all library services while visiting the library.
Caregivers can also work through meaningful preplanned exercises provided by the journal.
Caregivers can be home healthcare workers, family members or friends.
Caregivers can be of any age, gender, or race.
Caregivers can be of any religion, nationality, or ethnic background.
Caregivers can benefit from coping strategies suggested by research.
Caregivers can encourage their loved one without giving false hope.
Caregivers can even configure the transmission of alarm types, periodic updates, and text pages.
Caregivers can experience grief at any point in the disease process.
Caregivers CAN give too much.
Caregivers can help improve a child's resiliency, trust, and self-esteem.
Caregivers can help older people maintain medical records for use by the doctor.
Caregivers can help people understand and respond to changes in their behavior.
Caregivers can help the patient manage their needs in their own setting.
Caregivers can help to reduce falls.
Caregivers can include attendants, homemakers, counsellors, doctors, nurses, or group home workers.
Caregivers can learn about the parent's child rearing practices.
Caregivers can let the patient know they are there for support.
Caregivers can look to health care providers for help.
Caregivers can never have too many insights on the human condition.
Caregivers can offer small amounts of the foods the patient enjoys.
Caregivers can order such a catheter and learn to do the suctioning themselves.
Caregivers can pick up forms to register for the program at the kickoff.
Caregivers can play a role in helping older people use magnifiers well.
Caregivers can play an important role in incorporating music and movement into a child's life.
Caregivers can prevent injury to themselves and reposition patients with minimal effort.
Caregivers can provide insight into effective management of patient behavioral disturbances.
Caregivers can purchase yarn, stock the refrigerator or organizethe tool box.
Caregivers can relieve and soothe children s aches and pains with basic home care.
Caregivers can see all areas.
Caregivers can see and hear infants at all times.
Caregivers can see entire playground at all times.
Caregivers can see the children from all angles.
Caregivers can see the entire playground at all times.
Caregivers can then return to their loved one feeling more relaxed and refreshed.
Caregivers can use blankets to keep the patient warm.
Caregivers can use the guide to follow along with the video and keep it for future reference.
Caregivers charge fees.
Caregivers come from all ethnic and racial backgrounds.
Caregivers come in all shapes and sizes, all colors, ages and backgrounds.
Caregivers come in many forms.
Caregivers communicate warmth through pats on the back and hugs or holding toddlers in their laps.
Caregivers consider infants' individual preferences for food and styles of eating.
Caregivers deserve our support and recognition.
Caregivers directly supervise toddlers by sight and sound, even when they are sleeping.
Caregivers experience a unique set of challenges.
Caregivers experience four clearly defined stages as they travel the caregiving path.
Caregivers experience great demands on their energy.
Caregivers experience increasing demands on time, money, and energy.
Caregivers face an enormous burden, one that can lead to emotional, social and physical stress.
Caregivers face enormous physical, financial, and emotional stress as the disease progresses.
Caregivers face wrenching decisions, intimate care and physical exhaustion.
Caregivers feel overwhelmed, disconnected from friends and removed from activities of normal living.
Caregivers Feel Stress .
Caregivers find some much needed respite whether it be several days per week or for several hours.
Caregivers find that mondern medicine wil do little to treat or prevent progression of the disease.
Caregivers find that the emotional and financial stress is staggering.
Caregivers get overwhelmed with their responsibilities.
Caregivers get two weekends per month off.
Caregivers get two weeks of vacation off per year.
Caregivers give praise for good behavior.
Caregivers give so much of themselves and sometimes receive very little in return.
Caregivers grasp baby's needs immediately rather than learn through trial and error.
Caregivers guide to assist in communication and caring.
Caregivers have a strong influence on the development of healthful lifestyles.
Caregivers have a tendency to always give and never receive.
Caregivers have an independent challenge, one which they themselves can overlook.
Caregivers have an intimate knowledge of the patients' functional capabilities.
Caregivers have higher insulin levels and a greater prevalence of heart disease.
Caregivers have issues about feeling better after the person that they have cared for has died.
Caregivers have many needs and are likely to be under various pressures.
Caregivers have many new responsibilities and less time to enjoy their own activities.
Caregivers have minimal support.
Caregivers have needs, too.
Caregivers have no additional entitlements to social assistance compared to other citizens.
Caregivers have opportunities to advance to positions as assistant managers and residence managers.
Caregivers have rights.
Caregivers have the opportunity to learn from professionals and from each other.
Caregivers have to learn to accept help.
Caregivers have training in child development or early education specific to toddlers.
Caregivers have training in early childhood education.
Caregivers help elders and people with disabilities navigate their lives by providing in-home care.
Caregivers help people have a healthy diet .
Caregivers initially turn to their families and friends for respite.
Caregivers is a volunteer program to the entire community.
Caregivers know that help is no more than a phone call away.
Caregivers lap Caregivers are survivors too.
Caregivers learn to anticipate, promptly recognize and effectively manage newborn problems.
Caregivers learn what they can do to promote patient recovery and family well-being.
Caregivers look as though they enjoy their work.
Caregivers look to parents for guidance on meeting each child's individual needs.
Caregivers maintain their own well being while knowing their loved one is safe and well cared for.
Caregivers matter, too.
Caregivers meet separately with a social worker.
Caregivers meet with one another regularly to plan and evaluate the program.
Caregivers model their programs either on a nursery school or on a skilled parenting model.
Caregivers participate as an essential member of the team throughout the process.
Caregivers pay for available respite in the community based on a sliding fee scale.
Caregivers place themselves at the child's level.
Caregivers play a central role in home care.
Caregivers play a very important role in healthcare today.
Caregivers play an essential role in society and in a cancer patient's life.
Caregivers provide a variety of experiences that help to stimulate brain development.
Caregivers provide a warm, nurturing environment that promotes individual development.
Caregivers provide activities and companionship, and assist with living skills.
Caregivers provide vital and constant care to a loved one.
Caregivers range in age, gender and the type of relationships they have with their elders.
Caregivers receive most of that fee.
Caregivers receive reports on inpatient injuries much earlier than they did before.
Caregivers recognize and are responsive to toddlers' developmental needs and interests.
Caregivers reduce waste by utilizing reusable surgical drapes, gloves, towels and linen.
Caregivers report a lower average amount of sleep than do non-caregivers.
Caregivers report having trouble balancing work and caregiving responsibilities.
Caregivers report they become closer to the person for whom they are providing care.
Caregivers require critical information that is readily available in a visually streamlined format.
Caregivers see parents as the primary source of affection and care for children.
Caregivers see that cigarettes are one thing that makes people who are so ill feel better.
Caregivers seek sources that they can trust to help children learn about the world.
Caregivers seem to resist change even when it's the right thing to do.
Caregivers seem warm and affectionate with the children, smiling, cuddling, speaking pleasantly.
Caregivers set good examples for children by treating others with kindness and respect.
Caregivers share program policies and procedures with parents on a regular basis.
Caregivers show affection, warmth, and patience with the children.
Caregivers show respect for families of different cultures and backgrounds.
Caregivers soon realize which aspects of care they can control and where they have no control.
Caregivers still have control over which foods they offer a child.
Caregivers suffer an epidemic of crippling workplace injuries.
Caregivers suffer from depression more often than other segments of society.
Caregivers sustain positive morale by deriving meaning from their caregiving.
Caregivers talk about what behaviour they had problems with and how they coped.
Caregivers talk to the babies often and the babies respond.
Caregivers talk to the babies.
Caregivers talk with, sing to, and read to infants throughout the day.
Caregivers tend to be isolated and their voices available in whispers only.
Caregivers tend to deny their own needs.
Caregivers tend to look upon the life they live as either a gift or an entitlement.
Caregivers then apply directly to the providers.
Caregivers then move into feelings of denial, exhaustion, acceptance, and finally mobilization.
Caregivers thrive on information, support, involvement and often a cot to sleep on.
Caregivers thrive when they feel salary raises are possible.
Caregivers try to increase their education, but that means higher costs for parents.
Caregivers understand that parents are their children's best teacher.
Caregivers understand the way children learn and develop.
Caregivers use good safety and hygiene practices.
Caregivers use remote controls to operate and monitor the unit.
Caregivers use the same questionnaire to rate the quality of life of the person with dementia.
Caregivers use the same schtick basically with everyone who walks in the door.
Caregivers wash their hands after every diaper change.
Caregivers welcome parents in the facility.
Caregivers work seven days a week.
Caregivers frequently fail to provide palliative and supportive care known to be effective.
Caregivers frequently struggle to balance their expectations with what they can actually achieve.
Caregivers often delay attending to their own health and well being.
Caregivers often experience anger, self-pity, frustration,guilt, and at times, depression.
Caregivers often experience emotional, physical and financial stresses.
Caregivers often experience higher stress, illness, and burnout than non-caregivers.
Caregivers often feel great emotional tension, stress, and financial strain.
Caregivers often feel guilty if they turn over their duties to others.
Caregivers often have multiple responsibilities.
Census tracts observe county lines and cover all of the territory within each tracted county.
A census is a count
Census attibute data files for most layers.
Census counts heavily influence our decision-making process.
Census estimates site.
Census isa tally.
Census lists a number, name, number of males and females and total numbers.
Census look-ups and tombstone inscriptions with photographs are additional specialties.
Census records on microfilm.
Census taking is a controversial political issue today.
Census taking is in that context.
Censuses are a useful source of information to receive a better knowledge of our society.
Censuses are also an excellent tool for the analysis of society developments.
Censuses are also available.
Censuses are available at various geographic levels including census tracts.
Censuses are clearly inconsistent.
Censuses are counting.
Censuses are counts.
Censuses are generally expensive undertakings in terms of the required resources.
Censuses are important in following their lives and families.
Censuses are only valuable when they are used correctly and thoroughly.
Censuses are publicly available.
Censuses are underway and laboratory tests are beginning.
Censuses attempt to survey the entire population.
Censuses confirm presence.
Censuses contribute to hunt season regulations.
Censuses contribute to regulations.
Censuses provide a snapshot of a population at a point in time.
Censuses show owners.
All census returns for England, Wales.
Every census is worse than the last.
Every census there are grumbles about privacy, usually from Libertarians.
Many censuses are online, but with each recopying is a possible level of error.
Most censuses confirm presence.
Most censuses contribute to hunt season regulations.
Most censuses contribute to regulations.
Most censuses show owners.
Some census attribute information.
Some censuses are available full text on CD ROM, ask librarian.
Some censuses involve participation.
Some censuses provide fatal injuries.
Some censuses provide injuries.
Some censuses show fawns.
Some censuses show growth.
Some censuses show sustain growth.
Some censuses show wolves.
A cent is a rupee
A cent is a subunit
CENT atoms thereafter.
Cent is preferred.
Cent isa unit.
Cent seem any women down many pretty discount golf store.
Cent serve off either beginner also serve funnies.
Cents are divisions of micro tuning between notes on a piano keyboard.
Cents are part of dollars.
Cents are part of leones.
Cents are words.
Cents is a web database application for the collection and administration of sensitive information.
Cents is money.
Cents round up.
Cents Welcome to warped reality.
Every cent assists our sick, disabled and disadvantaged children from the city to the outback.
Every cent belongs to the taxpayer.
Every cent counts a thousand fold.
Every cent counts.
Every cent donated goes directly for grants, initiatives, restoration, and relief causes.
Every cent donated goes straight to our students and there are no administration costs involved.
Every cent goes back into the next year's race.
Every cent received is channelled into the children.
Most cents are part of dollars.
A centaur is a mythical creature
Centaurs also seem to be related to comets.
Centaurs appear on a number of armorial bearings, as devices or supporters.
Centaurs are apparently Greek in origin, residing in the rich area of ancient Thessaly.
Centaurs are asteroids with orbits in the outer solar system.
Centaurs are half man and half horse.
Centaurs are powerful creatures, gaining much strength from their size and their horse-halves.
Centaurs are very common in Greek art as symbols of uncivilized barbarism.
Centaurs can dwell in the forest and can stab two enemies standing next to each other.
Centaurs have the gift of tongues and they can hit hard with their hind legs.
Centaurs study the stars.
Centaurs tend to be boorish.
Centaurs travel in huge planet-crossing orbits that are fundamentally unstable.
Centaurs typically use weapons taken directly from nature like rocks or branches.
Many centaurs are prone to accidents due to a tendency of taking too many risks.
Many centaurs spend their youth soldering and acting as scouts for various armies.
Some centaurs are uncouth and savage.
A centaury is a bush
Centaury works by stimulating production of saliva and digestive juices.
Centenarian women outnumber men , but are sicker and more frail.
Centenarian women outnumber men, but are sicker and more frail.
A centenarian is an oldster
Centenarians are all races.
Centenarians are from all races.
Centenarians are no longer rare, and getting less so.
Centenarians are now one of the fastest growing segments of the population.
Centenarians are oldsters.
Centenarians are the fastest growing segment of our population.
Centenarians are the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population.
Centenarians are unlikely to survive for five years even if treatment is successful.
Centenarians have a clear sense they are living repositories of history.
Centenarians have several traits in common.
Centenarians naturally shed psychological stress.
Centenarians shed emotional stress exceptionally well.
Centenarians tend to be an optimistic group.
Some centenarians have their own theories.
Centenary students are welcome in Shreveport and Bossier City congregations.
Centennial Beach is a just a short walk north.
Centennial Park features a recreated logging camp and an animal farm.
Centennial park is located on the north end of Fulda and offers an area to have a picnic.
Centennial Park is the largest open green space in Sydney.
A centennial is an anniversary
Centennial already operates wireless PC, Internet and telephone services on the island.
Centennial boasts many very talented students.
Centennial can also provide memory modules with custom attribute files.
Centennial emphasizes learning through experience.
Centennial has two large FBOs.
Centennial is a Delaware corporation based in Massachusetts.
Centennial is a full-service bank.
Centennial is a member of the North Suburban Conference.
Centennial is a quality team.
Centennial is a suburban community bridging the cities of Portland and Gresham, Oregon.
Centennial is a time to reflect on significant moments in College history.
Centennial is an independent wireless telecommunications service provider.
Centennial is committed to both broad public access and successful career education.
Centennial is favored with an excellent support staff.
Centennial is fully wheelchair-accessible.
Centennial is generally resistant to second growth problems.
Centennial is known for being highly professional and educated in the salmon enhancement field.
Centennial is more than a source of financing.
Centennial is private.
Centennial is responsible for water and wastewater lines and treatment plants.
Centennial is sensitive to phosphate deficiencies and imbalances.
Centennial is smooth textured with deep orange flesh.
Centennial is within minutes of several exciting area attractions.
Centennial offers both a secured and an unsecured credit card.
Centennial offers convenient parking directly in front of the building.
Centennial offers four foreign languages and one classical language.
Centennial operates three integrated classrooms in the public schools.
Centennial requires a great balance of strategy, power, and shot-making skills.
Centennial run to the finish.
Centennial strives to ensure that our water resources are used wisely.
Centennial takes pride in the diversity of the student population.
Centennials are anniversaries.
Center channel is tiltable for better direction to the listening position.
Most center channels require a pretty close sweet spot to perform their best.
Center City is affordable .
Center City is full of erin go braggers.
Center City is the geographical terminus of the major radial roadway system.
Center City looks great.
Center colors change to a blend of white, yellow, and pale green as the season progresses.
Center console features cassette and CD holders a tissue holder and four cup holders.
Center console is on the small side.
Center console is too small.
Center console opens to a jump seat.
Center court has open restuarants and hotel in center.
A center field is a tract
Center field is dominated by a crag of sorts, making the park picturesque.
Center field is for defense.
Center field is straight ahead from home plate.
Center field is the best position in baseball history.
Center field is the place where the general resides.
Center field is very big, so the center fielder is usually the fastest.
Center field opens up like a great mouth and swallows the universe.
Center field sets a point through the axis of rotation goes.
Center fields are positions.
Center fields are tracts.
A center fielder is an outfielder
Center fielder is supposed to be the one who hustles.
Center fielders run fast and stand around a lot.
Center focus is a definite plus.
Any center frequency is possible at any of the receivers.
Center front has a black bow and black rosette.
Center front has a lovely elastic-satin panel with a white floral design embroidered on it.
Center front is adorned with a bow.
Center front is adorned with a satin bow and irridescent beads.
Center lane is for making left turns only.
Center lane is for southbound or westbound turns.
Center leaves become dwarfed, twisted, and yellowed.
Center leg adjusts up or down to give a wide range of angles for maximum clearance.
A center line is a line
Center line is O db, the more extended the gestures, the louder the the sound.
Center line provides an estimate of the process average.
Center lines are just a different kind of referencing for dimensioning sketches.
Center lines are yellow lines separating lanes of traffic moving in opposite directions.
A center of curvature is a center
Center of curvature is on side opposite reflecting side of mirror.
Center of gravity is a center
Center of gravity is a similar concept, being the mass-weighted balance point of an object.
Center of gravity is at center of mirror surface.
Center of gravity is closer to the trigger, providing better balance.
Center of gravity is important in handling big round bales, especially with a front-end loader.
Center of gravity is important in handling big round bales.
Center of gravity is positioned on vertical and horizontal axis to promote mid-height trajectory.
Center of gravity is the point located at the objects average position of weight.
Center of gravity is the point of balance between the upper and lower body.
Centers of gravity are a myth.
Centers of gravity is centers.
Center of mass is a center
Center of mass is always the same as the center of gravity.
Centers of origin are usually centers of genetic diversity.
Centers of ossification are the locations in the membrane where ossification begin.
Center of pressure remains relatively constant even when angle of attack is changed.
Center one is Devon.
Center pins are of nickel silver.
Center right is the painting area.
Center right is the timeclock mounting.
All center sound comes from the center speaker.
Center speaker is too powerful for seamless blend.
Center speaker provides clearer, natural-sounding dialogue.
A center stage is high status
Center stage are rocks and piles of ashes.
Center stage has a dining room table and four chairs.
Center stage is a free, monthly event, open to the public.
Center stage is a street with a pay phone.
Center stage is a very large display screen with a map of the world.
Center stage is truly center stage.
Center Stage Use a clean, dry coffee filter circle.
Center stages are centers.
Center Township is in the center of Howard County.
A center is an area
Center amenities Cafeteria services for lunch and coffee or tea are available at the center.
Center assists self-represented litigants with all types of civil matters and traffic infractions.
Center can be support local and small scale social and economical reforms.
Center classrooms to assist the members in optimizing their workout with the equipment available.
Center collects info about health issues facing minorities.
CENTer computes the distribution around the geometric center of all A-species.
Center conducts highly regarded surveys to find just that answer.
Center consists of hands-on science exhibits, projects, and demonstrations.
CENTer defines the atom label for which the basis set is to be generated.
Center disputes the citation.
Center drawer with two handles.
Center exercises combine specific floor work, stretches and balance routines.
Center fin fairly aft.
Center focus with independent ocular adjustment, roll-down eye cups for eyeglass wearers.
Center focuses on a third objective.
Center focuses on American Jewish experience.
Center focusing instantly brings images into focus.
Center fold on the Europe map slightly separated.
Center fold with almost invisible parallel creases.
Center forces the sphere center to lie on the view axis .
Center furnishes specialized education and training in the law and practice of dispute resolution.
Center gives students access to a twenty million dollar modern manufacturing facility.
Center gives terminally ill refuge from gloom.
Center helps partners stay focused.
Center isa location.
Center launches series of occasional papers.
Center lifts up.
Center mens storm chaser pullover.
Center mount flap, console mount trim.
Center objects Learn how to center an object on the stage.
Center offers classes, programs and recreational activities for all ages.
Center offers guitar, violin, and bass guitar lessons for all ages and all skill levels.
Center offers hands-on learning experiences for children.
Center offers physical, emotional and spiritual support.
Center offers powerful and flexible tools to manage, prioritize, update, and close out problems.
Center offers racquetball, basketball, and squash facilities.
Center offers ski, raft, climbing, hiking, and other trips.
Center offers unique state of the art facilities in a natural and beautiful environment.
Center opens to preserve minority ownership of rural land.
Center positions the dimension text centered between the dimension lines.
Center presents monthly seminars on topics relating to preventive medicine.
Center printouts on a page.
Center publishes an on-line newsletter and sponsors trainings and workshops.
Center pull, key lock handle for security.
Center punch all the holes and the center of the holly leaves.
Center reinforces our connection to the river.
Center rotates so that each skill can be done.
Center runs on Windows NT Server where messages are translated and displayed.
Center sash around waist, tying in big bow in back.
Center seeks balance between Eastern cultures, Western medicine.
Center seeks information on reactions associated with barium enema procedures.
Center serves as a model for language access.
Center shows snowman and trees.
Center snap nursing opening.
Center specializes in economic modeling, technical assistance, and the health of Maine's economy.
Center specializes in library and information science and educational technology.
Center specifies the middle frequency of the filter.
Center springform pan on foil strip and gently lower into cooker.
Center stage a large double door flanked by guards.
Center stand as standard.
Center surround receptive field structure of cone bipolar cells in primate retina.
Center sweep hand dial.
Center wick by tying it to tie bar.
Center womens mockneck tee.
Centers advocate for positive change in the community through education and advocacy.
Centers allow for independent study and foster creativity.
Centers allow teachers to embed skills into a variety of activities that engage the young learner.
Centers also develop technical assistance programs based on local agencies' needs.
Centers also differ on the qualifications required of their operators.
Centers also have on hand both university and financial aid applications.
Centers also help to avoid discipline problems.
Centers also offer training and ongoing support for computer-based instruction.
Centers also plan social, athletic and holiday programs.
Centers also provide adult treatment and vocational services.
Centers also provide an opportunity for more interaction with other children.
Centers also provide deployment, relocation, employment, financial management and crisis assistance.
Centers also provide education and awareness activities in their communities and statewide.
Centers also provide regular in-service activities for the continuing education of their mediators.
Centers also receive information on processes of care.
Centers also take faceoffs, and there is a definite art to winning draws.
Centers also tend to be more expensive and less flexible in terms of scheduling.
Centers also tend to be more structured than family day care.
Centers also work together to provide training regarding funding.
Centers applying for accreditation go through a self-study process lasting several months.
Centers are a good idea since it lets the students work independently.
Centers are a place for seniors to socialize, remain active and independent, learn and have fun.
Centers are a wonderful management tool.
Centers are also a great way to incorporate computers into a classroom.
Centers are also in progress in camps in Lebanon.
Centers are an important part of our daily routine.
Centers are areas.
Centers are available for persons needing minimal assistance and social interaction with others.
Centers are available in many of the major cities of each of the countries listed.
Centers are basketball players.
Centers are buildings.
Centers are centres.
Centers are classes.
Centers are concentrations of shops, services and housing.
Centers are devoted to a specialized advanced area of research.
Centers are either for women or for men.
Centers are formations.
Centers are great ways for students to be active.
Centers are hard to come by.
Centers are in Fresno, Sacramento and the Bay Area.
Centers are in Fresno, Sacramento, and the Bay Area.
Centers are independent affiliates.
Centers are limited in what they can do to conserve power.
Centers are linemans.
Centers are objects.
Centers are offensive linemans.
Centers are often the first point of contact for people with mental health concerns.
Centers are on the internet.
Centers are only one of several collaboration mechanisms.
Centers are open during the daytime, evenings, and weekends to accommodate parents' schedules.
Centers are open in the late afternoon and early evening hours.
Centers are open on each campus.
Centers are places.
Centers are points.
Centers are positions.
Centers are rare in the higher grade levels.
Centers are sky blue, with elaborte gold and white borders featuring rose medalions.
Centers are staffed and operated near U.S. bases in many countries.
Centers are surrounded by layers.
Centers are sweets.
Centers are understaffed and experience high turnover rates because of low pay.
Centers are vacuum-sealed one slice per package.
Centers are vulnerable to any significant change affecting universities, government, or industry.
Centers are when kids go from table to table and do things.
Centers ask visitors to call for current conditions.
Centers assure that medical advances are made available to people as soon as feasible.
Centers attract attention.
Centers attract much attention.
Centers become white on the leaf spots.
Centers benefit from the involvement of more parents.
Centers bring together expertise from many diverse disciplines into a single laboratory environment.
Centers can also be a place for student health services and parent support.
Centers can be a focus for helping to advance teaching and learning at a college.
Centers can be open from a few hours weekly to every day.
Centers can receive up to five points in each of the three areas.
Centers can receive up to five stars as a total rating.
Centers can schedule evening hours during periods of peak demand.
Centers can serve communities ranging from a single neighborhood to an entire metropolitan area.
Centers can work toward curriculum matches, Fall round-up changes.
Centers Click on the center type for a listing of identified and designated centers.
Centers collect data through hotline calls, in-person visits to the center, or both.
Centers come in all shapes and sizes.
Centers complete an annual written report documenting improvements and program changes.
Centers continually come and go on a flexible rotating basis throughout the module.
Centers dedicate to treatments.
Centers do have an academic component and are therefore subsidized by the academic areas.
Centers employ different types of child care workers.
Centers film on backboard of machine and tapes film in position.
Centers finally drop out.
Centers follow paths.
Centers follow smooth paths.
Centers function at three levels.
Centers generate responses.
Centers handle an ever-expanding case and project load, and meet a growing demand for training.
Centers have a bookstore and a synagogue.
Centers have common geographic nature and common levels of infrastructure.
Centers have greater defensive responsibilities than wingers.
Centers have information.
Centers have many opportunities to volunteer in meaningful roles.
Centers have on-site support staff and printer output areas.
Centers have rooms.
Centers have tests.
Centers implies a library-like service center.
Centers move forward in a small semi-circle to stand behind the adjacent end.
Centers offer everything from baby clothes to parenting classes to welfare referrals.
Centers offer free after-school activities.
Centers offer lift-equipped van service.
Centers offer noncredit workshops as well as credit courses.
Centers offer options.
Centers offer seniors an active lifestyle.
Centers offer services.
Centers offer topics.
Centers offer vegetarian options.
Centers offer weekly meditation sessions, weekend courses and retreats of various lengths.
Centers only keep some microfilms and microfiche in their collections.
Child seats improve continuously.
Child slavery is a sad reality.
Child slavery is hidden because it is illegal.
Child soldiers are a large but often neglected humanitarian problem.
Child soldiers are among the saddest victims of conflict.
Child soldiers are by no means restricted to the conflict in Mindanao.
Child soldiers are cheaper to feed, less demanding, and more easily manipulated.
Child soldiers do very badly when they participate in war.
Child soldiers fight or assist front-line soldiers in most African conflicts.
Child soldiers ought to be an obvious target group for such measures.
Child soldiers require psychological assistance only feasible through specialized centres.
Child soldiers tell their own stories.
Child sponsorship is also available.
Child sponsorship is available in a variety of regions around the world.
Child sponsorship is available in many countries.
Child sponsorship is our primary source of funding.
Child sponsorship is the basic foundation of the organisation.
Child sponsorship is the basic foundation of the organization.
Child sponsorship works in as much that it brings western dollars flooding into agencies.
Child stars can be a tricky bunch.
Child supervision is appreciated.
Child support can be a challenging issue for many stepfamilies.
Child support can make a significant difference for many children with disabilities.
Child support combined with work is a crucial link for families seeking self-sufficiency.
Child support continues until a child reaches the age of eighteen.
Child support covers only ordinary living expenses for a child.
Child support credits Child support insurance Civil suits for domestic violence.
Child support find people.
Child support includes providing for medical support.
Child support is a civil obligation.
Child support is a different issue from child custody.
Child support is a message to a child.
Child support is a monthly liability.
Child support is a mutual duty.
Child support is a payment
Child support is a soldier s responsibility.
Child support is about much more than collecting overdue payments.
Child support is actually one of the additional barriers that is being identified right now.
Child support is always modifiable if one's income or job status changes.
Child support is always modifiable when there is a material change of circumstances.
Child support is always subject to change if there is a substantial change of circumstances.
Child support is an adult matter.
Child support is an area of law which generates more myths than almost any other area of family law.
Child support is an important factor in lifting children and families out of poverty.
Child support is an ongoing issue and can last a lifetime.
Child support is an undischargeable debt.
Child support is awarded in the best interests of the child.
Child support is based on ability of the father to pay and the needs of the child.
Child support is based on basic needs and requirements for children.
Child support is based on both parents' responsibility to provide for the child.
Child support is based on gross income.
Child support is based on the income of both parents.
Child support is based on the parents' earnings and on the child's needs.
Child support is calculated according to statutory child support guidelines.
Child support is calculated based on the amount of time each parent spends with the child.
Child support is calculated based on the income of both parents and the number of children.
Child support is calculated based upon BOTH parents incomes and timeshare with the children.
Child support is calculated by a formula.
Child support is calculated pursuant to a mandatory state child support guideline.
Child support is calculated under Missouri law according to a chart.
Child support is crucial when people are moving off of public assistance.
Child support is deemed to be the number one financial priority for all parents.
Child support is determined by a Statewide guideline.
Child support is determined by the income of the parties as well as other factors.
Child support is determined using the information in the work sheets.
Child support is due monthly on the first day of the month.
Child support is emphasized.
Child support is established by statutory guidelines.
Child support is for the care and maintenance of children.
Child support is generally determined under the Child Support Standards Act.
Child support is granted in California based on schedules.
Child support is important.
Child support is love and emotional support.
Child support is mandated by law.
Child support is mandated in the State of New Hampshire and determined by statute.
Child support is money paid by one parent to the other for support of the minor children.
Child support is money parents pay to help other people support their children.
Child support is neither deductible nor includable.
Child support is neither taxable income nor tax deductible.
Child support is neither taxable nor deductible.
Child support is never deductible, either for the parent who pays it, or the parent who receives it.
Child support is never deductible.
Child support is oftentimes an emotionally charged issue for several reasons.
Child support is one of the few things in divorce that is relatively certain.
Child support is our only business.
Child support is our process of replacing fathers with money.
Child support is paid first.
Child support is paid via a wage assignment unless otherwise agreed upon by the parents.
Child support is required for all children.
Child support is separate and distinct from alimony.
Child support is set by statute as a percentage of the person's net income.
Child support is set using state established guidelines and a formula.
Child support is society's way of organizing the financial contribution of both parents.
Child support is statutory.
Child support is taxable to the spouse paying it, and tax-free on the spouse receiving it.
Child support is tax-free income to the custodial parent.
Child support is the latest arena in the battle to overhaul America's welfare system.
Child support is the money that is paid to the party who has primary custody of the child.
Child support is the obligation of parents to provide financial support for their children.
Child support is the right of the child and visitation is the right of the parent.
Child support is to be calculated first.
Child support is very popular.
Child support is withheld from the absent parent s paycheck.
Child support plays such a critical role in the financial well being of a family.
Child support presents an altogether different situation from spousal maintenance.
Child support raises tough questions.
Child support requires a determination of reasonable needs as well as ability to pay.
Child support tends to be paid when both parents have equal access to their children after divorce.
Most child support is collected through payroll withholding.
Most child support is collected, and paid out promptly.
Child survival is a field of public health concerned with reducing child mortality.
Child welfare is a substantial thing in Sweden.
Child welfare is an example where state law is generally paramount.
Child work is a fairly widespread phenomenon in low income countries.
Child workers are also more vulnerable to physical and psychological abuse.
Child workers are another big problem.
Child workers are docile and easily controlled.
Child workers get education and a way of better living .
A child is a person
Child accepts and takes personal responsibility.
Child accepts content over socket and decrypts it.
Child accomplishes some motions with increasing precision, improving balance.
Child acquires language.
Child actively vomits, throwing up all stomach contents.
Child actually reads the text.
Child again reconstructs the world on the basis of rules, classes, numbers and relations.
Child agrees to edit the work and seeks a publisher.
Child also learns to spit.
Child also mimics adult activities.
Child answers questions about the story correctly.
Child appears at breakfast table in stained, torn clothing.
Child appears more sick than any previous episode of illness.
Child appears to have developmental delays in all areas.
Child are very precious and they are also very vulnerable passengers.
Child attempts to pair the containers by gently shaking and listening to the contents of each.
Child attempts to solve conflicts nonviolently.
Child attempts to write scribbles or draws picture.
Child attends the regular morning kindergarten session.
Child attends to story.
Child attends weekly.
Child becomes aware of gender differences.
Child becomes eligible for public school preschool services.
Child becomes gradually more unwell, with a temperature.
Child becomes very fussy or cranky, confused, always tired or refuses fluids.
Child becomes very pale and begins to sweat.
Child begins to consider consequences.
Child begins to develop internalized kind behavior.
Child begins to develop romantic relationships.
Child begins to experience body changes during puberty.
Child begins to explore genitals and other body parts unless stopped by parents or other adults.
Child begins to imitate some speech sounds.
Child begins to plan products using more than one view and often indicates the order of making.
Child begins to separate from parents.
Child begins to use more conventional spelling.
Child begins vomiting.
Child believes fire can do magical things.
Child blows into the straw placed in the bowl and makes bubbles.
Child born outside Singapore whose mother is a Singapore citizen.
Child can add the subtrahend and remainder to see if it equals the minuend.
Child can attend school or daycare unless too ill to take part in activities.
Child can bounce it also like a rubber ball.
Child can build their own equations, hit the activator button, hear the equation and the answer.
Child can carry crayons, matchbox cars, cards, figures, etc.
Child can choose level of difficulty.
Child can click automatic storyteller for some stories in English, Spanish or German.
Child can color and learn the alphabet at the same time.
Child can count how many square chains there are in a cube chain.
Child can cut it out depending on the age.
Child can cut out and sponge paint or they can glue tissue paper on to color it.
Child can describe, count and record contents.
Child can discriminate the patterns through specific attributes of the figure.
Child can either wear mask, or hold handle.
Child can engage in kind behavior without encouragement and prompting from adults.
Child can fit the blocks into holes in the pages of the story.
Child can follow simple instructions.
Child can just knead on a table.
Child can lift and turn head briefly while laying on stomach.
Child can plan in advance to do something nice for another.
Child can play alone or with others.
Child can play with the goop on any plastic covered surface.
Child can recognize and read all the words in the sentences of the poem.
Child can recognize major disparities in personal abilities relative to other children.
Child can resist negative peer pressure.
Child can sequence numbers and the story.
Child can share, comfort, protect, and encourage.
Child can slowly add milk and applesauce.
Child can start listening to the preacher.
Child can state at least one rule for using the computer when asked.
Child can strangle by becoming entrapped in cutout.
Child can strangle by becoming trapped in gap between mattress and end panels or sides.
Child can then tear small pieces of different colored tissue paper, and place on to sticky sides.
Child can understand adult instructions for kind behavior when words are combined with actions.
Child can understand and imitate adult behavior.
Child can use the counter to total- the equation.
Child can write and create secret messages with a wet erase marker.
Child can write and create secret messages with wet erase marker.
Child can write or dictate the story.
Child care financial assistance so members can return to school or maintain employment.
Child care over and above the time indicated on the voucher is the responsibility of the volunteer.
Child care primary duty.
Child cares cost and quality.
Child cares services for parents with young children.
Child charms local recyclers.
Child chooses own work with teacher guidance within prepared environment.
Child chooses to work alone or with a friend.
Child climbing down, falls.
Child collaborates with peers at the computer.
Child come under all appearance unless refuse adidas soccer balls.
Child come under all appearance unless refuse syarcuse collectibles.
Child comes across dead or dying animal.
Child comes wearing clothes that are inappropriate for playing in water and sand.
Child competes against self.
Child complains of feeling a breathing obstruction.
Child complains of itchy, painful ears.
Child complains that when swallowing, throat feels dry and sore.
Child composes numbers on the bead frame and composes the number on their notation paper.
Child contains articles about child development and health.
Child continues to play with product and grab for it as it is in motion.
Child covers one eye or has poor posture when reading or doing near work.
Child covers one eye when reading.
Child covers the whole of the paper with paint using a sponge.
Child crawls through legs.
Child crawls under the bridge made by adult's body.
Child currently lives with father, stepmother, and siblings.
Child cuts a 'fringe' around each circle.
Child decides when the drawing is complete.
Child demonstrates unfriendly behavior toward an adult in the computer area .
Child describes of a card than inform sleepy township.
Child deserves to be born into a loving family.
Child develops a fever.
Child develops a yellow discharge from ear canal.
Child develops accuracy in decoding.
Child develops good pronunciation.
Child develops increased anxiety.
Child develops struggle behaviors to get through dysfluencies.
Child develops vocabulary and comprehension of new words.
Child dictates one or more sentences and copies it.
Child dictates one or more sentences, copies it, and can read it back.
Child dictates to another person and then copies what is dictated.
Child dies or signal unblocks process.
Child dislikes to be washed or bathed.
Child displays self-injurious behavior.
Child does oral problem solving.
Child does parquetry, fitting colored blocks together to match a picture.
Child does the exercise independently.
Child draws a card and removes that number of objects from the box.
Child draws a picture of what is to be made and begins to label the key parts.
Child draws the other half.
Child dreams about fire at night.
Child emends to knave which seems sensible, but does damage the rhyme.
Child emends to the .
Child enjoys great adventures with grandma by the ocean.
Child exerts great control.
Child exhibits a sudden drop in academic performance.
Child exhibits self help and independence.
Child experiences frequent mood swings.
Child fails to bring assignments home.
Child falls while learning to walk and develops a non displaced spiral tibial fracture.
Child feels like vomiting or throwing up.
Child feels safe in home, school and neighborhood.
Child feels threatened, frustrated or embarrassed.
Child feels unwanted, unloved or least liked.
Child feels weak and tired.
Child fills in blank.
Child find and do the problem.
Child Find Operation Child Find links and services.
Child find responsibilities, compensatory education, etc.
Child Find The children of Texas come in all sizes, shapes, colors and abilities.
Child finds fun.
Child fingerprinting is available.
Child follows story from left to right and top down with eyes or fingers.
Child follows text, left to right, top to bottom, with eyes or finger.
Child follows the directions in drawing lines up, down, right to left, etc.
Child forced-labor is more than wanted in Haiti.
Child frowns, hits, or pushes to gain or maintain control of computer.
Child gets a feeling of accomplishment from the very first lesson by reading little stories .
Child gets one on one schooling adapted to their needs.
Child gets to stay up past designated bedtime the same number of minutes practiced.
Child gets up and walks away.
Child gives correct answer to amth problem.
Child gives incorrect response.
Child gives reason for grouping.
Child goes back to work and is doing well.
Child goes back, etc.
Child goes buys the eggs, milk, and a can of pop.
Child goes under and around.
Child growing up in a friendly atmosphere loves the world.
Child guesses choo choo train when reads the sentence.
Child has a constant cough.
Child has a fever.
Child has a good secure feeling of self.
Child has a hard time breathing.
Child has a parent on active duty in the uniformed services of the United States.
Child has a particular health problem.
Child has a program loaded into it.
Child has a scar on the forhead.
Child has a sense of purpose.
Child has a sudden fear of strangers, a relative or a sitter.
Child has a thick yellow or green colored nasal discharge.
Child has B average or better.
Child has coaching experience at all levels.
Child has empathy, sensitivity, and friendship skills.
Child has health problems like headaches or stomachaches that seem to be stress-related.
Child has high self-esteem.
Child has knowledge of and comfort with people of different racial backgrounds.
Child has long hair.
Child has multiple ear piercings and scars on upper right arm.
Child has new nicknames.
Child has nightmares or other sleep disturbances.
Child has no concept of property.
Child has no energy and is difficult to wake up.
Child has no ''home state'' in military family's custody fight.
Child has no idea about the majority of the design criteria in advance.
Child has obsessive or compulsive fire thoughts and behaviors.
Child has pain when the earlobe is moved up and down.
Child has problems concentrating.
Child has problems in school.
Child has red strawberry-birthmark behind left ear, scar on left knee.
Child has seven versions of the ballad.
Child has severe pain during the day or night.
Child has significant difficulty imitating words and phrases.
Child has skill to plan ahead and make choices.
Child has smaller absolute urine volume but larger proportionate urine output per kg body weight.
Child has some water experience and is comfortable with head under water.
Child has strong religious convictions.
Child has symptoms of a possible communicable disease .
Child has tattoos or clothing or other items with insignias or logos.
Child has to apologize to the victims.
Child has to be taught every bit of information likely learned by normal hearing peers effortlessly.
Child has to copy designs from a legend into the corresponding number.
Child has to figure out what that sequence is.
Child has to follow parent s schedule, perceptions, and needs.
Child has to learn to aim and protrude tongue past the lips.
Child has to put story cards in the correct order to show how a story progresses.
Child has to sit quietly in a time-out area or other designated area while other kids play.
Child has trouble hearing voices or other sounds.
Child has truancy problem and poor school performance.
Child hears gossip and slander in back seat of car on the way home from church.
Child hears pairs of words and points to corresponding pairs of pictures.
Child hides sex play from parents.
Child holds book right side up in an upright position.
Child holds head at an extreme angle to the book when reading.
Child holds the ear and is restless, anxious, fearful.
Child ignores parents' request to perform some household task and continues to watch television.
Child includes the connective form.
Child indicates happy man face.
Child initiates both motor and intellectual activities.
Child initiates the music by pressing button on arm of chair.
Child instantaneously drops to the ground.
Child is a brief book that can be read in one sitting.
Child is a chronic runaway.
Child is a duplicate of the parent process.
Child is a master.
Child is a pleasure to work with.
Child is a suspense writer to be reckoned with.
Child is a vigorous storyteller, gradually building the suspense to almost unbearable levels.
Child is able to think abstractly and to consider hypothetical situations.
Child is about to hit another with a block.
Child is abused, neglected or at risk.
Child is active, impulsive, and demanding.
Child is adopted by foster carers.
Child is aggressive, hostile or makes threats.
Child is apprehensive when other children cry.
Child is asked for definitions of words.
Child is asked to check their schedule.
Child is asked to draw a picture of a person.
Child is asked to repeat individual, and then strings of, syllables.
Child is at risk due to abductor's armed and fugitive status.
Child is attracted to the opposite sex or aware of the lack of attraction.
Child is believed to be in South Carolina.
Child is believed to be with the non-custodial mother.
Child is bored, and indifferent.
Child is buried in Damascus.
Child is cherubic and perfect.
Child is clingy and forms indiscriminate attachments.
Child is comfortable with people from other cultures.
Child is comfortable, no fever at present, happy, alert.
Child is confused or has stiff neck.
Child is cruel to animals.
Child is currently on a promotional tour for the book.
Child is defined as a human being from the time of fertilization.
Child is despondent.
Child is discharge with a dx of viral syndrome.
Child is discharged home with parents.
Child is engaged fully.
Child is evaluated.
Child is excluded from school.
Child is excused from chores and schoolwork.
Child is extremely clingy to adults.
Child is forced into secrecy and made to feel guilty.
Child is found eligible for services.
Child is free to determine criteria for decision.
Child is frightened of going home.
Child is given picture to copy by placing pieces in base.
Child is given songwriting credit on three of the nine tracks here.
Child is home under the care of an older sibling.
Child is hunched over.
Child is hyervigilant.
Child is hyper when blood sugar is high, opposite symptoms than adult.
Child is ill and unable to be at the provider.
Most chimpanzees eat fruit vegetables.
Most chimpanzees eat fruit.
Most chimpanzees eat in the afternoon.
Most chimpanzees eat leaves.
Most chimpanzees eat meat.
Most chimpanzees eat plants.
Most chimpanzees eat something.
Most chimpanzees eat termites.
Most chimpanzees eat vegetables.
Most chimpanzees engage in behaviour.
Most chimpanzees has-part arms.
Most chimpanzees has-part bones.
Most chimpanzees has-part feet.
Most chimpanzees has-part mouths.
Most chimpanzees has-part pelves.
Most chimpanzees has-part skin.
Most chimpanzees has-part teeth.
Most chimpanzees have ability.
Most chimpanzees have cerebellums.
Most chimpanzees have cortexes.
Most chimpanzees have diets.
Most chimpanzees have fingers.
Most chimpanzees have habitats.
Most chimpanzees have ideas.
Most chimpanzees have interaction.
Most chimpanzees have omnivorous diets.
Most chimpanzees have point canine teeth.
Most chimpanzees have skin.
Most chimpanzees have social interaction.
Most chimpanzees have special ability.
Most chimpanzees have teeth.
Most chimpanzees have thumbs.
Most chimpanzees hear sound.
Most chimpanzees live in Africa, in mostly woodlands and thick rain forests.
Most chimpanzees live in Burundi.
Most chimpanzees live in different environments.
Most chimpanzees live in environments.
Most chimpanzees live in forests.
Most chimpanzees live in groups.
Most chimpanzees live in regions.
Most chimpanzees make loud noise.
Most chimpanzees make noise.
Most chimpanzees make sound.
Most chimpanzees mourn death.
Most chimpanzees occur in countries.
Most chimpanzees possess ancestors.
Most chimpanzees possess babies.
Most chimpanzees possess bodies.
Most chimpanzees possess chromosomes.
Most chimpanzees possess feet.
Most chimpanzees possess food.
Most chimpanzees possess friends.
Most chimpanzees raise chimpanzees.
Most chimpanzees reach maturity.
Most chimpanzees reach sexual maturity.
Most chimpanzees require diets.
Most chimpanzees require food.
Most chimpanzees resemble animals.
Most chimpanzees resemble homos.
Most chimpanzees roam jungle.
Most chimpanzees share ancestors.
Most chimpanzees share forests.
Most chimpanzees share habitats.
Most chimpanzees show differences.
Most chimpanzees show evidence.
Most chimpanzees show interest.
Most chimpanzees show variation.
Most chimpanzees sit in trees.
Most chimpanzees spend about seven hours a day feeding.
Most chimpanzees stand on feet.
Most chimpanzees stay with mothers.
Most chimpanzees throw food.
Most chimpanzees use hands.
Most chimpanzees use strategies.
Most chimpanzees walk on feet.
Some chimpanzees are killed by hunters.
Some chimpanzees are located on continents.
Some chimpanzees attain dominance.
Some chimpanzees avoid contact.
Some chimpanzees avoid eye contact.
Some chimpanzees carry infants.
Some chimpanzees carry viruses.
Some chimpanzees cause diseases.
Some chimpanzees chase prey.
Some chimpanzees collect leaves.
Some chimpanzees consume animal prey.
Some chimpanzees consume prey.
Some chimpanzees die in mountains.
Some chimpanzees display patterns.
Some chimpanzees eat antelopes.
Some chimpanzees eat herbs.
Some chimpanzees eat mammals.
Some chimpanzees eat meat from monkeys and pigs.
Some chimpanzees eat other mammals.
Some chimpanzees eat small antelopes.
Some chimpanzees follow mothers.
Some chimpanzees have bonobos.
Some chimpanzees have concepts.
Some chimpanzees have distribution.
Some chimpanzees have geographic distribution.
Some chimpanzees have multiple partners.
Some chimpanzees have partners.
Some chimpanzees have roles.
Some chimpanzees have small testes.
Some chimpanzees have tails.
Some chimpanzees have testes.
Some chimpanzees have trouble.
Some chimpanzees hunt birds.
Some chimpanzees hunt colobus monkeys.
Some chimpanzees hunt red colobus monkeys.
Some chimpanzees hunt red monkeys.
Some chimpanzees infect with internal parasites.
Some chimpanzees infect with parasites.
Some chimpanzees kill opponents.
Some chimpanzees kill prey.
Some chimpanzees kill primates.
Some chimpanzees live in Africa.
Some chimpanzees live in countries.
Some chimpanzees live in districts.
Some chimpanzees live in facilities.
Some chimpanzees live in laboratories.
Some chimpanzees live in locations.
Some chimpanzees live in research laboratories.
Some chimpanzees live in rivers.
Some chimpanzees live in trees.
Some chimpanzees live in woodlands.
Some chimpanzees live in zoos.
Some chimpanzees live on banks.
Some chimpanzees live on continents.
Some chimpanzees live on ground.
Some chimpanzees live on jungle.
Some chimpanzees make discoveries.
Some chimpanzees make families.
Some chimpanzees make tools.
Some chimpanzees migrate to countries.
Some chimpanzees occupy deciduous woodlands.
Some chimpanzees occupy ranges.
Some chimpanzees occupy woodlands.
Some chimpanzees patrol territory.
Some chimpanzees pose hazards.
Some chimpanzees pose threats.
Some chimpanzees possess antibodies.
Some chimpanzees possess primates.
Some chimpanzees possess sex.
Some chimpanzees prefer habitats.
Some chimpanzees receive attention.
Some chimpanzees receive basic medical treatments.
Some chimpanzees receive medical treatments.
Some chimpanzees receive treatments.
Some chimpanzees relate to apes.
Some chimpanzees remain mothers.
Some chimpanzees resemble people.
Some chimpanzees respond to death.
Some chimpanzees seek protection.
Some chimpanzees share common ancestors.
Some chimpanzees share environments.
Some chimpanzees share food.
Some chimpanzees sit on stones.
Some chimpanzees sleep on floors.
Some chimpanzees sleep on forest floors.
Some chimpanzees steal food.
Some chimpanzees suffer from cardiac diseases.
Some chimpanzees suffer from diseases.
Some chimpanzees take care.
Some chimpanzees throw objects at human observers.
Some chimpanzees throw objects.
Some chimpanzees throw stones.
Some chimpanzees transmit viruses.
Some chimpanzees use hips.
Some chimpanzees use spears.
Some chimpanzees use tools.
Some chimpanzees use twigs.
A chin is a feature
Chin isa body part.
CHIN takes no responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of the content.
Chins are body parts.
Chins are features.
Chins are nocturnal and a herbivore.
Chins are part of faces.
Chins are part of heads.
Chins are solid objects.
Chins are truly a joy to know, they're very individualistic and complex creatures.
Chins can be larger or smaller , depending on the person .
Chins can be larger or smaller, depending on the person.
Chins go up, shoulders fall back.
Chins have (part) corpi.
Chins have (part) moustaches.
Chins have (part) mustaches.
Chins have (part) sections.
Chins learn by doing something repeatedly.
Chins sleep during the day and are most active at night when it is cooler.
Chins touch chests.
Chins vary greatly in personality.
Chins usually pick only one place to urinate in the cage.
Some chins are much talkative, others are less.
Some chins are part of faces.
Some chins are part of heads.
China aster is susceptible to a variety of disease, including wilt and aster yellows virus.
China asters have big, frilly flowers that are long-lasting as cut flowers.
China Beach awaits, for now, one of the best-kept secrets in the Pacific Northwest.
China Beach boasts a fine sandy beach ideal for picnicking, sand building, wading and relaxing.
China Beach is a fun place to dance in Langley.
China Beach is a hit.
China Beach is a pristine sandy beach once used by the U.S. military forces.
China Beach is better.
China Beach offers lots of DJ's, good live music, drink specials and the ever popular college night.
A china cabinet is a cabinet
China cabinets are more space-efficient than buffet tables.
China clay is a strong white clay.
China clay is clay
China dolls are the most commonly recognized doll out side of the collectible world.
China grass see nettle .
Some China laws listed here are in English full text.
China lobby stops job flow to India , M.D.Nalapat.
China Mobile has good management and the balance sheet is strong.
China Mobile is obviously a quality core holding.
China Mobile is only a mobile operator.
Some china painters create one-fire pieces.
Some china painters make their own media.
China paper is a very thin paper, originally made in China, which is used for chine appliqu prints.
China paper is a very thin paper, originally made in China, which is used for chine applique prints.
China provinces are Christian.
China roses are all repeat flowering in varying degrees.
China roses are healthy plants, with compact growth.
China roses are hibiscuses.
China roses are roses.
China roses are unparalleled in our region for constant color in the landscape.
China Sea does it all.
China Sea is almost exclusively a takeout restaurant.
China Sea is one of the many Chinese restaurants in town that offer takeout services.
China Sea is the name of two seas of the Pacific Ocean along the east coast of Asia.
China silk is a plain weave silk of various weights.
China today faces great problems and great possibilities.
China today fulfils the requirements of a sovereign nation-state republic.
China today is a human rights hellhole.
China today is a society plagued by incongruities.
China today is in a critical stage.
China today is in the midst of an extremely ambitious reforestation and forestation campaign.
China today is neither ally nor adversary.
China today is relatively stable politically and is prospering economically.
China today is the world s fourth largest market for our agricultural products.
China today needs even more foreign investment, which has become a rare product in Asia.
China today remains a repressive and authoritarian country.
China today remains the largest pirate of U.S. intellectual property.
China today reserves the right to deny licenses on entirely arbitrary grounds.
A china is porcelain
China abolishes slavery.
China abounds in rivers.
China abuses human rights and restricts freedom.
China accounts for half of world pork production and consumption.
China accounts for more than two-thirds of world aquacultural output.
China accounts for the bulk of the decline in global ending stocks.
China accuses Taiwan of a serious provocation and says it is trying to split the country.
China achieve great successes in science.
China actually abounds in all of the afore-mentioned.
China actually needs western trade much more than the western countries.
China adamantly opposes that sale.
China addresses human rights developments in Xinjiang Province.
China adds almost that many lines each year .
China admits thievery.
China admits to having a terrible pollution problem.
China admits to possessing N-missiles .
China adopts a similar ap-proach with European countries it intends to befriend.
China agrees to ensure current market access and activities for our service firms.
China aims to dismantle monopoly companies and their power by legislative procedures.
China aims to join Russia and the United States as only the third nation to put a human in space.
China allegedly sells organs harvested from prisoners.
China allocates frequencies and makes franchise decisions city by city, district by district.
China allows corn imports when supplies are short, but at other times China blocks corn imports.
China allows only government-controlled religious groups.
China alone boasts at least ten varieties which are all used for various medicinal purposes.
China alone consumes several million sea horses every year.
China alone favors PNEs.
China alone is already the world's third largest economy, the fifth largest trader.
China alone produces almost ninety percent of the world's green tea.
China already consumes more grain, red meat, and fertilizer than the United States does.
China already gets the same tariff treatment given most U.S. trading partners.
China already grows more peanuts than any other country.
China already has a one child policy that has efectively stunted it's growth.
China already has.
China already is an export juggernaut of garments, appliances, and other low-end goods.
China already occupies part of northern Kashmir.
China already represents our fourth-largest trading partner.
China already stands as Idaho's sixth largest export market for farm products.
China also abounds in rivers and lakes.
China also agrees to engage in dialogue to improve export controls.
China also asserts the right to invade Taiwan at any time that Taipei behaves overly independently.
China also benefits from U.S. investment and technology.
China also boasts considerable capacity in sisal fibre processing.
China also buys erratically.
China also claims Taiwan.
China also comes out first with the types of wild animals in the world.
China also continues to block web sites it regards as politically sensitive.
China also continues to execute more people than all the other countries in the world combined.
China also cooperates extensively with Iran on military issues.
China also denies spying.
China also denies stealing U.S. secrets.
China also denies the espionage allegation.
China also has a burgeoning population.
China also has a dubious reputation as a hotbed of corruption.
China also has a number of long- range aircraft that can deliver nuclear bombs.
China also has a record of providing missile, nuclear, chemical, and biological technology to Iran.
China also has a sound economic situation.
China also has a strategic interest in a less menacing North Korea.
China also has a strong pitching staff, a most important component of any world-class softball team.
China also has a strong self-preservationist cast.
China also has a variety of forest types.
China also has a very strong central government.
China also has an astronaut-training program.
China also has an extremely successful film industry.
China also has an unemployment benefit scheme for the jobless in urban and rural areas.
China also has asset forfeiture and seizure legislation.
China also has considerable oil reserves.
China also has desert regions.
China also has DSRV capability.
China also has important deposits of iron ore , tin and tungsten.
China also has less foreign investment as well.
China also has little to offer on trade.
China also has lots of wildlife.
China also has many lakes and wetlands.
China also has plenty of motivation.
China also has several missile modernization programs.
China also has some of the highest mountain ranges in the world.
China also has the most horrid working conditions and labor rights violations in the region.
China also has vast cellular potential.
China also has veto power, but usually abstains for trade favors.
China also highlights the hypocrisy of U.S. human rights rhetoric.
China also imports aquatic products.
China also is suspected of conducting some computer attacks on Taiwan's computer infrastructure.
China also launches satellites for the U.S. corporations and others, on a commercial basis.
China also maintains a variety of informal but effective protection mechanisms.
China also maintains quotas on many products, but the quotas seem to be somewhat flexible.
China also maintains that the U.S. plane was in Chinese airspace.
China also makes silver pandas .
China also nurtures a deep sense of historical grievance with Japan.
China also opposes the invasion of South Korea by North Korea.
China also participates in several regional multinational groups.
China also plans electronic attacks on computer networks.
China also plans to increase significantly the generation of power from renewable energy sources.
China also plans to use Russia's satellite navigation system for missile guidance.
China also plays a crucial role in Asia's economic stability and, in fact, the global economy.
China also plays a major role in assessments of the canal's vulnerability.
China also presents a mixed picture.
China also proposes to build a rail link to Tibet.
China also risks a brain drain under the current distribution system.
China also sees U.S. arms sales as a legitimate topic for debate during arms control discussions.
China also stands to gain.
China also suffers from the lack of proper storage facilities.
China also suffers typhoon attacks.
China also supports crop-substitution efforts in Burma and Laos.
China also wants to check India's growing strategic influence, the institute suggests.
China also wants to grab a bigger share of the world satellite launch market.
China announces new finds in the region every year.
China announces the release of the crew.
China apparantly wants to have a hip-hop scene.
China apparently has wall to wall people.
China apparently seems to be the contender for a super power politics.
China appears in no hurry to give it back.
China appears to be a puzzle.
China appears to be at a crossroads.
China appears to be getting serious about creating a social security system.
China appears to be on an expansionist course no matter what the rest of the world thinks of it.
China appears to be playing for short-term benefits, such as a surge in Western dollars.
China appears to be uneasy about the situation where an encircling net is being laid.
China appreciates and supports the positive influence and role of Egypt.
China appreciates it.
China approves first gene therapy .
China are still confident of clinching the team gold despite the pullout however.
China are third in the group on three points but have only played one game.
China argues it is an important project intended to alleviate poverty.
China asks the same question of many people.
China aspires to national strength and greatness.
China attaches equal importance to the establishment of an environmental administrative system.
China attaches great importance to helping criminals change by means of persuasion.
China attaches great importance to regional disarmament.
China attacks Taiwan.
China attempts democratic government.
China attempts invasion.
China attends as an invitee.
China attends the meeting as an observer.
China attracts a lot of attention nowadays.
China attracts more direct foreign investment than any country other than the United States.
China attracts that much in less than six months.
China backs North Korea against South Korea supported by the United States.
China badly needs legislation on unfair labor practices.
China bans adulterers from living with lovers.
China bans import of scrap electronics.
China bans the binding of women's feet.
China bashing is at an all time high in conservative circles.
China bashing is easy and popular.
China bears much responsibility for what happens next.
China becomes more orthodox.
China becomes slowly more familiar.
China begins to embrace economic reform, paving way for rapid growth led by entrepreneurs.
China begins to turn light on wide use of torture.
China believes in gradually letting the people have more access to political freedom.
China believes that it can out-muscle any rival claimant in a bilateral setting.
China believes that the U.S. sales make Taiwan less likely to enter talks on reunification.
China benefits greatly from trade and know how from Taiwan .
China bitterly opposes the sale.
Class size is limited and daily attendance is required.
Class size is limited and each student has a computer.
Class size is limited and early enrollment is advised.
Class size is limited and early registration is recommended.
Class size is limited and early registration is requested.
Class size is limited and early registration is required.
Class size is limited and early sign up is recommended.
Class size is limited and enrollment fills quickly.
Class size is limited and enrollment is on a first come, first served basis.
Class size is limited and enrollment is on a space available basis.
Class size is limited and enrollment is taken on a first call basis.
Class size is limited and enrollment is via instructor permission.
Class size is limited and enrollments are accepted on a first-received basis.
Class size is limited and entrance is on a first come-first served basis.
Class size is limited and faculty are responsive to individual interests of the participant group.
Class size is limited and fill up quickly.
Class size is limited and filled on a first paid, first served basis.
Class size is limited and fills up quickly.
Class size is limited and is based on the availability of clinical training sites.
Class size is limited and is by permission of the instructor.
Class size is limited and is for adults only.
Class size is limited and is on a first come first serve basis.
Class size is limited and lasts for an hour and a half.
Class size is limited and membership is by audition.
Class size is limited and physician clearance is required.
Class size is limited and pre-registration in person is required.
Class size is limited and pre-registration is encouraged.
Class size is limited and pre-registration is necessary .
Class size is limited and preregistration is required.
Class size is limited and pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited and pre-registration, with a book purchase, is required.
Class size is limited and registration is accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Class size is limited and registration is closed when full.
Class size is limited and registration is given on a preferential basis to early applicants.
Class size is limited and registration is necessary.
Class size is limited and registration is on a first come basis.
Class size is limited and registration is on a first-come basis.
Class size is limited and registration is required.
Class size is limited and registrations accepted as space is available.
Class size is limited and registrations are filled in numerical order.
Class size is limited and reservations are required on a first come - first served basis only.
Class size is limited and reservations are required.
Class size is limited and studio work is intense and demanding.
Class size is limited and they tend to fill rapidly.
Class size is limited at some locations.
Class size is limited by reservation to six students per instructor, to assure personal attention.
Class size is limited by the availability of equipment and studio space.
Class size is limited by the facility, type of course and number of trainers available.
Class size is limited due to the practical applications.
Class size is limited every year to maximize participant safety and offer personalized instruction.
Class size is limited for individual attention.
Class size is limited for more personal instruction.
Class size is limited from six to eight people to assure individual attention.
Class size is limited in all courses and enrollment is on a first-come, first served basis.
Class size is limited in order to allow each student to have a computer.
Class size is limited in order to ensure maximum student productivity.
Class size is limited in order to maintain the quality of the learning experience.
Class size is limited in order to provide for interactive learning.
Class size is limited in programs.
Class size is limited in the professional phase which begins in the fall semester.
Class size is limited so advance registration is required.
Class size is limited so be sure to sign up early.
Class size is limited so call for information about space availability.
Class size is limited so come early to get a seat.
Class size is limited so early application is recommended.
Class size is limited so early enrollment is suggested.
Class size is limited so early registration is advised.
Class size is limited so early registration is encouraged.
Class size is limited so please apply early.
Class size is limited so please be sure to register early.
Class size is limited so please follow the registration deadlines outlined below.
Class size is limited so please plan to register early.
Class size is limited so please register early.
Class size is limited so preregistration and prepayment are required.
Class size is limited so pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited so register as soon as possible.
Class size is limited so register early for assured seating.
Class size is limited so register now.
Class size is limited so register soon.
Class size is limited so register today.
Class size is limited so registration is required.
Class size is limited so registrations are on a first come basis.
Class size is limited so reservations are required.
Class size is limited so that all participants receive individual attention.
Class size is limited so that each person gets their own system.
Class size is limited to a maximum of just five students per instructor.
Class size is limited to a maximum of six students.
Class size is limited to a total of seven students.
Class size is limited to a total of two students.
Class size is limited to accommodate comprehensive individual instruction.
Class size is limited to accommodate laboratory facilities.
Class size is limited to achieve the maximum training experience.
Class size is limited to allow an emphasis on practical, hands-on experience.
Class size is limited to allow for a lower student to instructor ratio.
Class size is limited to allow for a more personal learning experience.
Class size is limited to allow for greater student participation and writing.
Class size is limited to allow for individual attention.
Class size is limited to allow for individual care.
Class size is limited to allow for maximum instructor to student interaction.
Class size is limited to allow for maximum interaction.
Class size is limited to allow for more personal learning.
Class size is limited to allow for personal instruction.
Class size is limited to allow for questions and the discussion of issues.
Class size is limited to allow group interaction as well as individual attention.
Class size is limited to allow hands-on discovery.
Class size is limited to allow individual study.
Class size is limited to allow maximum individual attention.
Class size is limited to allow plenty of hands-on practice by each student.
Class size is limited to allow the instructor to give individual attention to students.
Class size is limited to approximately a dozen students.
Class size is limited to assure a great experience.
Class size is limited to assure individual attention.
Class size is limited to assure individualized instruction.
Class size is limited to assure participants the opportunity to become involved in discussions.
Class size is limited to assure quality dance instruction.
Class size is limited to assure the best teacher to student ratio.
Class size is limited to availability at clinical sites.
Class size is limited to boat seats available.
Class size is limited to cast size.
Class size is limited to eight couples.
Class size is limited to eight dogs.
Class size is limited to eight people.
Class size is limited to eight persons to allow for plenty of interaction time.
Class size is limited to eight persons to allow for plenty of practice and interaction time.
Class size is limited to eight students, so please reserve as early as possible.
Class size is limited to eight students.
Class size is limited to eight teams.
Class size is limited to eight to afford personalized attention.
Class size is limited to eight.
Class size is limited to eighteen students.
Class size is limited to encourage active interchange between participants and instructors.
Class size is limited to ensure a low student to instructor ratio.
Class size is limited to ensure a quality learning environment.
Class size is limited to ensure full student participation.
Class size is limited to ensure hands-on instruction for all in attendance.
Class size is limited to ensure high quality of instruction.
Class size is limited to ensure individual attention.
Class size is limited to ensure individualized instruction.
Class size is limited to ensure instructor attention.
Class size is limited to ensure maximum opportunity for the individualization of instruction.
Class size is limited to ensure personal attention.
Class size is limited to ensure personal instruction and individual attention.
Class size is limited to ensure program quality and standards.
Class size is limited to ensure program quality.
Class size is limited to ensure that students receive individualised help.
Class size is limited to facilitate an effective and enhanced learning atmosphere.
Class size is limited to facilitate learning.
Class size is limited to fifteen students.
Class size is limited to fifteen trainee volunteers.
Class size is limited to fifteen.
Class size is limited to five children per teacher.
Class size is limited to five participants.
Class size is limited to five persons per class.
Class size is limited to five persons.
Class size is limited to five students per session.
Class size is limited to five to nine students.
Class size is limited to five.
Class size is limited to forty students to provide a positive interactive learning environment.
Class size is limited to four companies per workshop.
Class size is limited to four couples to provide the optimum learning environment.
Class size is limited to four people.
Class size is limited to four persons.
Class size is limited to four students per session.
Class size is limited to four students.
Class size is limited to four.
Class size is limited to insure highest quality instruction.
Class size is limited to insure individual instruction.
Class size is limited to insure instructional quality.
Class size is limited to insure personalized attention.
Class size is limited to insure quality instruction.
Class size is limited to insure that each student receives individual attention.
Class size is limited to less than one hundred sixty students per year.
Class size is limited to maintain a ratio of five children per instructor.
Class size is limited to maximize effectiveness.
Class size is limited to maximize individual time and attention in class.
Class size is limited to maximize skill building.
Class size is limited to nine or ten couples.
Class size is limited to nine participants per class.
Class size is limited to nine students, so early registration is recommended.
Class size is limited to one participant per workstation.
Class size is limited to one student per computer and includes a course manual.
Class size is limited to permit hands on activities.
Class size is limited to permit personal exchange.
Class size is limited to promote a good learning environment and allow for individual instruction.
Class size is limited to promote discussion and presentations by the students in class.
Class size is limited to promote faculty-student interaction.
Class size is limited to provide a quality outdoor experience.
Class size is limited to provide adequate participation.
Class size is limited to provide an optimal learning environment.
Class size is limited to provide for individual experience.
Class size is limited to provide individual attention.
Class size is limited to provide individual practice and experience.
Class size is limited to provide individualized attention to each student.
Class size is limited to provide intensive, individual attention.
Class size is limited to provide optimum training and practice.
Class size is limited to selected students.
Class size is limited to seven candidates.
Class size is limited to seven children per instructor.
Class size is limited to seven children.
Class size is limited to seven students with one student per computer.
Class size is limited to seven students.
Class size is limited to seven.
Class size is limited to six children.
Class size is limited to six couples to ensure personal attention for all participants.
Class size is limited to six couples.
Class size is limited to six father-son combinations.
Class size is limited to six mother-daughter combinations.
Class size is limited to six participants.
Class size is limited to six patients.
Class size is limited to six people, and sign-ups are limited to two classes per person .
Class size is limited to six people, and sign-ups are limited to two classes per person.
Class size is limited to six people.
Class size is limited to six persons to allow for plenty of practice and interaction time.
Class size is limited to six students per instructor to emphasize safety and individual attention.
Class size is limited to six students.
Class size is limited to six.
Class size is limited to sixteen students per section.
Class size is limited to sixteen students.
Class size is limited to ten children per session.
Class size is limited to ten children plus their adult.
Class size is limited to ten members, which ensures personal attention.
Class size is limited to ten participants.
Class size is limited to ten people, so sign up early.
Class size is limited to ten people.
Class size is limited to ten students because of the format.
Class size is limited to ten students per visit.
Class size is limited to ten students.
Class size is limited to ten.
Class size is limited to the first four students.
Class size is limited to the first ten registrants.
Class size is limited to the most qualified students and consent of instructor is required.
Class size is limited to the most qualified students.
Class size is limited to the number of computers available.
Class size is limited to thirty-five students.
Class size is limited to three riders to provide for personalized instruction.
Class size is limited to three students, and pre-registration is necessary.
Class size is limited to three students.
Class size is limited to twelve . .
Class size is limited to twelve and a minimum of four participants.
Class size is limited to twelve or fewer taxidermy students per session.
Class size is limited to twelve parent and child pairs.
Class size is limited to twelve people.
Class size is limited to twelve persons to allow for plenty of practice and interaction time.
Class size is limited to twelve students.
Class size is limited to Twelve students.
Class size is limited to twelve to allow close involvement.
Class size is limited to twelve to enable optimum student participation.
Class size is limited to twelve to ensure personal attention.
Class size is limited to twelve.
Class size is limited to twenty students maximum.
Class size is limited to twenty students with one teacher and one aide.
Class size is limited to twenty students.
Class size is limited to twenty.
Class size is limited to twenty-eight.
Class size is limited to twenty-five students.
Class size is limited to twenty-four students.
Class size is limited to two and classes are scheduled by appointment.
Class size is limited to two students per class.
Class size is limited to two.
Class size is limited to up to four people.
Class size is limited, and acceptance into the program is on a competitive basis.
Class size is limited, and classes fill up quickly, so pre-registration is strongly suggested.
Class size is limited, and early registration is recommended.
Class size is limited, and enrollment is on a first come, first served basis.
Class size is limited, and permission of the instructor is required.
Class size is limited, and pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited, and reservations are required for each workshop.
Class size is limited, and since classes do fill up, preregistration is strongly recommended.
Class size is limited, and student participation is required.
Class size is limited, and students take all classes together as a group.
Class size is limited, insuring a high level of individual attention and interaction with faculty.
Class size is limited, please call to register or for more information.
Class size is limited, please contact the instructor via e-mail before the first meeting.
Class size is limited, please enroll early.
Class size is limited, please preregister.
Class size is limited, please register early.
Class size is limited, prepayment is required.
Class size is limited, pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited, register early to assure space.
Class size is limited, register early.
Class size is limited, sign up today.
Class size is limited, so advanced registration is required.
Class size is limited, so all students receive individualized attention.
Class size is limited, so be sure to register.
Class size is limited, so call early to reserve a spot.
Class size is limited, so call early.
Class size is limited, so call right away.
Class size is limited, so call today.
Class size is limited, so calling early to register is recommended.
Class size is limited, so classes fill up fast.
Class size is limited, so early application is recommended.
Class size is limited, so early enrollment is suggested.
Class size is limited, so early registration and payment is recommended to guarantee placement.
Class size is limited, so early registration is encouraged.
Class size is limited, so early registration is important.
Class size is limited, so early registration is recommended.
Class size is limited, so enroll early.
Class size is limited, so please call ahead to schedule a session.
Class size is limited, so please indicate a second choice.
Class size is limited, so please make reservations early.
Class size is limited, so please register as soon as possible.
Class size is limited, so please register early for best selection.
Class size is limited, so please register early.
Class size is limited, so please reserve as far in advance as possible.
Class size is limited, so please sign up early.
Class size is limited, so pre-registration is strongly encouraged.
Class size is limited, so prompt enrollment is recommended.
Class size is limited, so prompt registration is recommended.
Class size is limited, so register early.
Class size is limited, so register today to assure participation.
Class size is limited, so register today.
Class size is limited, so registration is necessary.
Class size is limited, so sign up early.
Class size is limited, therefore pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited, to ensure that all students receive adequate individual attention.
Class size is limited, to permit maximum individualized attention.
Class size is limited, which allows faculty to maintain direct contact with all of their students.
Class size is limited, with a policy of one student per machine.
Class size is limited. .
Class size is limited.
Class size is limited-register early.
Class size is limits so register early.
Class size is maintained at between twenty and twenty-two students.
Class size is min.
Class size is much smaller than our essential series.
Class size is normally five to fifteen or more.
Class size is now the largest in the nation.
Class size is one of many factors to consider when choosing or evaluating a school.
Class size is one student to one teacher.
Class size is part of the negotiated contract in several states.
Class size is purposely limited to ensure high quality instruction.
Class size is reduced in the first, second, third, and ninth grades.
Class size is relatively small, permitting individualized attention.
Class size is restricted and admission to the program is competitive.
Class size is restricted in many programs and priority is given to full-time students.
Class size is restricted to a maximum of three students.
Class size is restricted to six students, to ensure individualized attention.
Class size is restricted, and all students are selected through auditions or staff reviews.
Class size is set at thirty participants.
Class size is small and students attend mentored inquiry sessions led by a peer mentor.
Class size is small and well able to accomodate new students.
Class size is small enough to experience a hands on, one on one relationship with the instructor.
Class size is small enough to permit considerable individual attention.
Class size is small leading to excellent student-faculty relationships.
Class size is small to assure personal attention.
Class size is small to maximize experience-based learning.
Class size is small to maximize individual attention and peer support.
Class size is small to provide individual attention.
Class size is small, allowing significant individual attention, as well as group dynamics.
Class size is small, and students receive individual attention.
Class size is small, between sixteen and twenty-three students.
Class size is small, which permits a greater degree of individualized attention.
Class size is small, with a ratio of one adult for every two children.
Class size is small.
Class size is smaller and the pace of the course is more relaxed.
Class size is smaller, and the campus is less crowded.
Class size is strictly limited .
Class size is strictly limited and available on a first come first serve basis.
Class size is strictly limited and early registration is recommended.
Class size is strictly limited so register today.
Class size is strictly limited to provide for more individual needs.
Class size is strictly limited to thirty students, so early signing up is important.
Class size is strictly limited, with classes filling quickly.
Class size is strictly limited.
Class size is tailored to fit the client's needs.
Class size is the greatest factor in that irreplaceable, essential ingredient in student growth.
Class size is the main thing that determines a good class or a good school.
Class size is twenty students.
Class size is typically small.
Class size is unlimited.
Class size is up to seven clients.
Class size is usually limited and depends on the instructor's preference.
Class size is usually ten students or fewer to ensure personalized attention.
Class size is usually three to four students.
Class size is variable.
Class size is very limited for more personal interaction.
Class size is very limited to ensure individualized attention.
Class size is very limited.
Class size makes a world of difference.
Class size needs to be appropriate for the space of the room.
Class size optimizes opportunities for feedback and dialog with the professor.
Class size provides opportunities for plenty of student-faculty interaction.
Class size ranges from four to eight people.
Class size ranges from seven to ten students.
Class size ranges from six to eight shooters per day.
Class size refers to the actual number of students in a classroom with a teacher.
Class size refers to the number of students in a teacher s class.
Class size reflects institutional size.
Class size tends to be small, allowing interaction between students and professors.
Class size varies according to grade.
Class size varies according to the local high school district.
Class size varies among departments.
Class size varies at the secondary level.
Class size varies by sport and instructor.
Class size varies by the level and type of course.
Class size varies depending on program requested.
Class size varies depending on the course.
Class size varies depending on the type of class.
Class size varies depending upon the topic.
Class size varies from eight to twenty persons.
Clusters are large and loose.
Clusters are large groups of galaxies held together by gravity.
Clusters are large, good quality with a good production level.
Clusters are like agents.
Clusters are local networks of firms in related industries.
Clusters are many individual crystals who all live together in harmony and peace.
Clusters are massive, and depending on their shape, can focus background light in a variety of ways.
Clusters are medium to small, generally compact, and shouldered.
Clusters are multiple computers connected by a high-speed, local area network.
Clusters are non-parallel test forms because content areas are spiraled throughout each cluster.
Clusters are of interest for a number of reasons.
Clusters are often cross-disciplinary, drawing on courses in several departments.
Clusters are one sided.
Clusters are organized according to grade level.
Clusters are prominent in the large-scale distribution of galaxies in the universe.
Clusters are regions in which a sudden and astoundingly high number of e.g. leukaemia occurs.
Clusters are research teams that join forces to do specific comparisons.
Clusters are sets of related courses.
Clusters are spacecrafts.
Clusters are still in the bottom deeps, and there's little sign of moisture on the inner covers.
Clusters are team-based.
Clusters are the media through which the explorations take place.
Clusters are the most efficient advertising medium in particular geographic locations.
Clusters are themselves organised in collections managed by the server.
Clusters are to be merged.
Clusters are today's preferred implementation of distributed-memory multicomputers.
Clusters are usually buff-colored.
Clusters are very efficient.
Clusters are very large and attractive.
Clusters are, therefore, free to use any valid replication or concurrency control protocols.
Clusters automatically balance user, batch, and print work loads.
Clusters begin each term.
Clusters can help focus career exploration activities of students.
Clusters can help generate new or future industries.
Clusters can provide enterprises with nearly continuous access to applications and data.
Clusters can strike several times a day or night for several weeks or months.
Clusters can work in any discipline.
Clusters can, of course, be both multimedia clusters and language clusters.
Clusters Click on each cluster for more information.
Clusters come in groups and can last for weeks.
Clusters consist of family members, friends and professionals.
Clusters constitute evidence in the search for causes of diseases and conditions.
Clusters create greater inventory packaging flexibility.
Clusters currently supports one public color printer.
Clusters develop spontaneously when surrounded by the right resources.
Clusters emit X-rays from hot, ionized gas between their galaxies.
Clusters encompass an array of linked industries and other entities important to competition.
Clusters eventually cover the surface, at which point a second layer grows.
Clusters exceeding two or three inches can command quite good prices today.
Clusters exist at each level of the diagram, represented by horizontal line segments.
Clusters exist at each level of the diagram.
Clusters fall into four categories.
Clusters focus on teaching, learning, and family supports.
Clusters form stars of all masses.
Clusters generally employ load sharing and process migration.
Clusters generally form by the gravitational merger of smaller clusters and groups.
Clusters give the best displays.
Clusters go against the normal as opposed to specific numbers.
Clusters grow to fit the size of the formatted logical drive, depending on the operating system.
Clusters have attributes derived from the descriptions of members.
Clusters have certain abilities to display documents according to user preferences.
Clusters have properties.
Clusters help allocate computing resources.
Clusters hold only one file, or one file part.
Clusters implement a simple protection scheme.
Clusters mean various things to various people.
Clusters meet monthly under the direction of regional faculty members.
Clusters meet regularly and the entire group of students and faculty meet twice yearly.
Clusters offer the important capability of recovery from disasters.
Clusters play an important role linking atoms or clusters with bulk.
Clusters provide a group identity for students.
Clusters provide end users continuous access to cluster resources.
Clusters provide ideal sources of graduate supervisory committees.
Clusters range in size depending on the size of the hard disk and the file system used.
Clusters represent fundamental business process groups.
Clusters require special design consideration.
Clusters results by domain and removes duplicates.
Clusters results by site.
Clusters results by which search engine returned the link.
Clusters seem to apply both forms of teaching, which is the best way.
Clusters sell advertising, too.
Clusters show varied behaviour in their spatial distribution of heavy elements.
Clusters start to form to discuss their own special interests.
Clusters stay together.
Clusters take even longer.
Clusters teach students to coordinate what they learn in other courses they take.
Clusters thus play a critical role in defining current and future supercomputing.
Clusters typically consist of three regions, the core, the stoss, and the wake.
Clusters vary greatly in density, number and types of stars as well as age.
Clusters often occur during spring or autumn and often are incorrectly associated with allergies.
Clusters often serve as the heart of an organization's computing environment.
All clusters are at the beginning of the harddisk.
All clusters are highly scalable and can be configured with non-proprietary hardware.
All clusters are open during the hours that their buildings are open.
All clusters are open seven days a week during most of the academic year.
All clusters begin immediately by executing the various preprocessing required.
All clusters have balconies, many with spectacular westerly views.
All clusters show multiple nuclei.
Any cluster having a singular covariance matrix is deleted and ignored in subsequent processing.
Every cluster has a cluster ID, which can be queried and retured as a sequence.
Many clusters are relatively bright and easy to see and image in a small amateur scope.
Many clusters live as a super cluster.
More clusters mean more security and maintenance issues.
Most clusters form with gray, white and blue agate and have a green exterior on the vugs.
Most clusters have small cracks and crevices filled with clay.
Most clusters have some cavities under construction, some completed and in use, and some abandoned.
Most clusters have student consultants available to answer questions and help users.
Most clusters tend to be part of a larger grouping called a supercluster.
Some clusters appear to be grouped into superclusters.
Some clusters are richer or poorer then others.
Some clusters decay into hadrons.
Some clusters have a single purple flower at the center.
Some clusters have many ties to many others, while other clusters have only a few ties.
Some clusters have only a handful of galaxies and are called poor clusters .
Some clusters have similar socioeconomic profiles but are distinctly different in their habits.
Some clusters have their clocks set incorrectly.
Some clusters occupy an intermediate position between japonica and indica.
Some clusters occur in more than one region of the map.
Clustered piers mark the crossing.
Clustered servers offer high availability.
Clustered water has no flavor and is colorless and odorless.
Clustered water raises the energy of the cell.
Clustering algorithms can be useful for finding groups of related header files.
Most clustering algorithms are of a combinatorial flavor.
Clustering according to similarity is a concept which appears in many disciplines.
Clustering affects approximately one hundred freshmen and eighty sophomores.
Clustering allows automatic failover.
Clustering allows for continuous server availability.
Clustering allows for more meaningful comparisons.
Clustering allows only one-page per site to be represented in the top results.
Clustering allows the remainder to be preserved as productive farmland or unbuilt open space.
Clustering allows users to link multiple servers together to make a single high-performance server.
Clustering avoids time-consuming seek operations within a stream's reading period.
Clustering can address both planned downtime and unplanned system outages.
Clustering can reduce travel and administrative costs.
Clustering does reduce the communication to computation ratio substantially.
Clustering eases software upgrades.
Clustering eases that concern.
Clustering enables a better relationship between impervious surfaces and natural drainageways, too.
Clustering enables firms to share scarce resources.
Clustering enables servers to work in unison to support applications.
Clustering ensures that our system is always available.
Clustering ensures that the system remains functional while individual nodes are repaired.
Clustering exploits any temporal skew in input runs to further reduce the number of seeks.
Clustering facilitates collaboration to overcome shared problems and obstacles.
Clustering goes beyond geography to application.
Clustering helps arrange ideas that have been generated by brainstorming.
Clustering helps organize ideas into visual categories of priority or relevance to the topic.
Clustering helps preserve existing investments by using existing systems in new ways.
Clustering indicates a poor absorption of protein with bridging between gold particles.
Clustering indicates recent infection and rapid progression to clinical illness.
Clustering involves flexible grouping.
Clustering involves informally dividing a large number of ideas into smaller groups.
Clustering involves putting several copies of the same application on the different nodes.
Clustering is always good for overflow.
Clustering is being associated, regular is antagonistic, random is in the middle.
Clustering is different.
Clustering is for more artistic students.
Clustering is in full evidence in the commercial space.
Clustering is very subjective.
Clustering lets one server take over the duties of a second server when it fails.
Clustering makes sense in the same way that hubs make sense for the airline industry.
Clustering means different things to different people.
Clustering means groups of students take classes together.
Clustering offers scalability by allowing multiple standards-based servers to work together.
Clustering organizes bits of information into forms that show their relationship.
Clustering permits high density use for the primary purpose of group and classroom training.
Clustering potted plants also helps to raise humidity levels, keeping plants more productive.
Clustering prevents sprawl.
Clustering provides a powerful technique for localizing behaviors.
Clustering serves economic, environmental, social, and aesthetic purposes.
Clustering shows up most clearly on a dotplot.
Clustering simplifies the design with little impact on performance.
Clustering solves current troubleshooting limitations.
Clustering stresses relationships.
Clustering takes many forms, and can scale from two computers.
Clustering utilizes multiple linked servers that operate as one machine and is user transparent.
More clustering is likely to come.
Clutch size appears to be an innate genetically driven characteristic.
Clutch size can also vary with the age of the hen.
Clutch size can be one to eight eggs, but averages three or four.
Clutch size depends on the size of the female.
Clutch size increases from south to north and from east to west.
Clutch size is affected by egg parasitism.
Clutch size is correlated to female carapace length.
Clutch size is correlated with carapace length and growth rates.
Clutch size is normally three eggs.
Clutch size is one or two.
Clutch size is one to three eggs, which both parents incubate for about five weeks.
Clutch size is one to three, the eggs are pale buff with irregular blotches of mauve and brown.
Clutch size is species-specific and is held within fairly tight limits.
Clutch size is surprisingly high for mockingbirds in highly seasonal tropical localities.
Clutch size is three to six eggs with an incubation period of about twenty-one days.
Clutch size is three to six eggs.
Clutch size is two eggs which are incubated by female only.
Clutch size is two eggs, one per ovary or oviduct.
Clutch size is two to five eggs, and incubation averages thirty days.
Clutch size is two to four white eggs.
Clutch size is two to four, although two young are usually raised.
Clutch size is two to four.
Clutch size is typically between ten and thirty eggs.
Clutch size is typically three to five eggs.
Clutch size is typically two to three eggs.
Clutch size is usually five to nine eggs, with an average of six.
Clutch size is usually four in Arizona, five in Texas.
Clutch size is usually slightly smaller than A. mississippiensis .
Clutch size is usually two or three eggs.
Clutch size ranges from four to six rounded eggs.
Clutch size ranges from two to four eggs.
Clutch size ranges from two to three eggs.
Clutch size varies from one to nine eggs.
Clutch size varies within a species due to a number of intrinsic and extrinsic factors.
Clutch sizes range from four to eight eggs, with one egg laid per day.
Clutch sizes range from nine to twelve white oval eggs that are laid at daily intervals.
Clutch sizes range from one to three eggs.
Clutch sizes tend to be smaller for younger females and for second broods of the breeding season.
Clutch sizes tend to increase from south to north and from east to west.
Clutch sizes vary between the species.
Clutch sizes vary from two to three eggs.
Clutch sizes vary with site and environmental condition between seven and twenty one.
Clutch sizes vary within and between species.
A clutch is prehension
Clutch plays from underdogs who come through huge .
Clutch works fine in all forward gears but gears always grind going into reverse.
Clutches are available for most engines.
Clutches are available in two and three shoe types.
Clutches are larger and reproductive success is higher during years when vole populations are high.
Clutches are separated by days when no eggs are laid.
Clutches are three to six sea-green eggs, laid at intervals of two days.
Clutches are to remain stock.
Clutches are useful in devices with two rotating shafts.
Clutches are usually three eggs.
Clutches average fewer than a dozen large eggs.
Clutches consist of one to five eggs, but recently few young have survived to fledge.
Clutches contain three to six eggs .
Clutches disengage before bits pull out of screw slot, thus avoiding marred screw heads.
Clutches generally transmit power from the clutch-driving member to the driven member by friction.
Clutches protect the gear train if large forces are applied to the tabletop.
Clutches represent a compromise between performance and safety.
Clutches typically consist of three or more eggs, and are tended to by both sexes.
Clutches vary with the individual female, however fifteen to twenty-five is typical in one clutch.
Clutchs are broods.
Clutchs are couplings.
Clutchs are part of automobiles.
Clutchs are part of cars.
Clutchs are part of clutchs.
Clutchs are part of transmissions.
Clutchs are pedals.
Clutches usually consist of two white eggs.
Most clutches also have a drill setting, which allows the motor to drive the bit at full power.
Most clutches contain five or six eggs.
Some clutch hitting is desperately in order.
Some clutches are made up of a single egg.
Some clutches have complete mortality.
Clutter adds to the fuel of a fire.
Clutter can add to stress - try to eliminate as much as possible.
Clutter can be a turnoff to potential buyers.
Clutter can be oppressive and depressing .
Clutter can clog the smooth workings of any home, imposing heavy costs on the household.
Clutter can create an overload of the visual system due to excessive luminance ratios.
Clutter can detract from an exhibit.
Clutter can indicate an overly active mind.
Clutter causes a life full of stress, frustration, chaos and wasted time.
Clutter causes confusion.
Clutter causes stress.
Clutter ceases to exist if it is personalized.
Clutter collects on shelves, counter tops, drawers, closets, garages, attics, and basements.
Clutter comes into our lives every day.
Clutter creates tripping hazards and prevents a safe and fast evacuation.
Clutter diminishes clarity.
Clutter distracts most people and makes it too easy to lose things, which wastes time.
Clutter equals junk.
Clutter fills more than our shelves and closets - it permeates our lives.
Clutter gives dust and particles places to land, which makes cleaning more difficult.
Clutter hurts readability.
Clutter increases the likelihood of a spill or accident.
Clutter inhibits the free flow of energy.
Clutter interferes with an individual's sense of tranquility and energy flows in the room.
Clutter is a distraction and time waster.
Clutter is a distraction.
Clutter is a real problem, even out in the open.
Clutter is a type of land-use classification.
Clutter is bad.
Clutter is banished.
Clutter is catastrophic.
Clutter is clumsy and causes confusion.
Clutter is disorder
Clutter is dust s best buddy.
Clutter is enemy number one.
Clutter is inevitable when kids are back to school.
Clutter is just postponed decisions.
Clutter is located in desks.
Clutter is located in offices.
Clutter is messes.
Clutter is no virtue.
Clutter is noise.
Clutter is noticeably absent.
Clutter is obstacles in that energy field and prohibits a person from seeing what is actually there.
Clutter is often in the way of new growth.
Clutter is one of the most common feng shui problems found in most homes and apartments.
Clutter is out.
Clutter is overwhelming.
Clutter is part of the issue, certainly.
Clutter is political correctness gone amok.
Clutter is postponed decisions.
Clutter is really just stuff.
Clutter is secure and inviting.
Clutter is simply postponed decisions.
Clutter is software.
Clutter is stagnant, stored energy, and it has a psychological effect.
Clutter is stuck energy with far-reaching physical, mental, emotional and spiritual effects.
Clutter is too many things in the house.
Clutter is unattractive and causes accidents.
Clutter is unattractive.
Clutter makes it difficult to move around and can be a fire hazard.
Clutter makes it hard to find things.
Clutter makes work demands more difficult.
Clutter obscures interior landmarks and nullifies the important messages in the environment.
Clutter produces tension, which robs a person of inner tranquility.
Clutter promotes tripping and fire safety hazards.
Clutter refers to advertising that is in the wrong place trying to reach their market.
Clutter seems to be a constant battle in our house.
Clutter sends the wrong message to everyone who sees it.
Clutter takes many forms.
Clutter tends to distract home buyers from the features of the home.
Clutter tends to hinder concentration and can create tension and frustration.
All clutter is to be avoided.
Some clutter is just stuff that belongs someplace else.
Cluttered cars invite thieves.
Cluttered minds disappear, life becomes crystal clear.
Cluttered pages can appear confusing, difficult to read and become irritating to follow.
Cluttered prints are ilegible and useless.
Cluttered rooms are small rooms.
Cluttered speech is fast in rate, with a mixture of short, rapid bursts of speech and long pauses.
Clutterless imagery is a powerful production management tool right now.
A cm is a linear measure
A cm is a metric
CM catch so far is equal to or less than last year.
CM depends on several shared libraries.
CM has four CDs of their own out plus a joint CD made in Hawaii.
CM has no organization, officials, or leaders.
CM is a literature-based approach to education.
CM is a multi-regional provider of specialty professional staffing services to U.S. businesses.
CM is a six year-old boutique marketing and sales consulting firm.
CM is a top ranked internet mall which advertises on national, prime time television.
CM is a white, odorless crystalline powder that is available in tablet or powder form.
CM is absorbed through the liver.
CM is an enigma to corporate executives.
CM is an essential part of the software process.
CM is an important job, but apparently, few people want to do it.
CM is an index of cost of the needed corrective measures.
CM is an integral part of life-cycle management .
CM is better even here.
CM is controlled by the same synthetic insecticides as plum curculio and apple maggot.
CM is critical at all stages of software development to ensure delivery of a quality product.
CM is dry.
CM is focused on the rigorous control required for the technical work products.
CM is just a bicycle traffic jam.
CM is like total deprivation of living.
CM is no different.
CM is nontoxic, even in large amounts.
CM is relatively easy but a time consuming endeavor.
CM is responsible for keeping the classification list up to date.
CM is the central meridian.
CM is the circumference of a rotating mast.
Cm isa unit.
CM maintains project quality.
CM means texts, graphics, sounds, music, data and other media.
CM now uses a lower priority thread to enable processor hungry application more processor time.
CM prints wrong time, when day view is printed.
CM promotes an integrated discipline across the agency.
CM provides measurable benefits on both the cost and benefit side.
CM provides the ability to assert, retract, and query facts about the world.
CM provides the board with a more significant voice.
CM provides the only systematic and comprehensive annual survey of software for music printing.
CM reports graphic units of measure in centimeters.
CM seems to be a negative distraction in the goal of having a midwife for every mother.
CM seems to function in three very different capacities.
CM tries buying bizarre drugs from a coke dealer on a street corner.
CM views the body as a dynamic system of interrelated parts working together as a whole.
CMs also prepare detailed maintenance records, acquire repair parts and maintain cost control data.
CMs are no different than anyone else, there are good ones and bad ones.
CMs coordinate with home care on continuum path.
CMs face an array of choices for supply-chain connections.
CMs generally ask people in wheelchairs if they can negotiate the steps in front of the mansion.
CMs handle the complex scheduling of various trades to ensure smooth job progress.
Cms have (part) millimeters.
Cms have (part) mms.
CMs have bachelor's degrees and training in midwifery, but they have no nursing education.
CMs keep building strength in front-end services through several means.
CMs practice in both in- and outpatient settings.
CMs practice independently, at medical clinics, or at hospitals as physician assistants.
Most CMs declare themselves by causing seizures, headaches, or with a large hemorrhage.
Some CMs are terrain-following.
CMA questions are generally more analysis oriented than CPA questions.
CMAQ projects attempt to lower emissions by providing alternatives to conventional highway travel.
CMAS representatives are available to provide program information.
CME believes in unbiased consulting.
CME can help.
CME is available.
Comets are intense creatures.
Comets are interplanetary bodies that contain abundant ices and dark, carbon-rich soil.
Comets are invisible except when they are near the Sun.
Comets are invisible to people on Earth, except when they are near the Sun.
Comets are irregular in shape, with their longest dimension often twice the shortest.
Comets are large chunks of ice and rock that are floating in space.
Comets are large dirty snowballs.
Comets are leftover material.
Comets are like cats.
Comets are like large dirty snowballs traveling through space.
Comets are located in orbits.
Comets are located in outer space.
Comets are located in space.
Comets are located in universes.
Comets are long after they have gone.
Comets are lumps of ice made of water , carbon dioxide , methane and ammonia .
Comets are lumps of ice, rock and dust.
Comets are made up of a mixture of frozen water, gases and dust like dirty muddy ice balls.
Comets are made up of the most primitive material in the solar system.
Comets are more complicated.
Comets are mostly icy material that spend most of their time far from the sun.
Comets are mountains of ice and rock that orbit the sun.
Comets are much larger than asteroids.
Comets are notorious for their unpredictability.
Comets are objects composed mostly of ice and dust that grow tails when they approach the sun.
Comets are one example.
Comets are only visible when they are near the Sun in their very eccentric orbits.
Comets are only visible when they're near the sun in their highly eccentric orbits.
Comets are patches of light that appear in the night sky from time to time.
Comets are present at large distances from the sun.
Comets are probably similar to the planetesimals from which the planets formed.
Comets are quite messy things.
Comets are really big.
Comets are shy creatures and disguise themselves often as nebulae.
Comets are similar to asteroids, but they are composed of various ices as well as rocky material.
Comets are single-tailed goldfish and are considered the most hardy of all pond fish.
Comets are small bodies of ice and dust which travel around the Sun.
Comets are small members of the solar system, usually a few miles or kilometers in diameter.
Comets are small, icy bodies that orbit the sun.
Comets are small, irregularly shaped bodies composed mainly of ice and dust.
Comets are something like dirty snowballs that populate the very outer parts of the solar system.
Comets are sources of water.
Comets are suprises.
Comets are the best-preserved remnants of the material from which the solar system formed.
Comets are the icy leftovers from when our solar system formed.
Comets are the icy left-overs.
Comets are the most numerous sizeable bodies in the solar system.
Comets are the remainders of material formed in the coldest part of our solar system.
Comets are the solar system's long-distance travelers.
Comets are the warm fuzzies of the firmament.
Comets are thought to consist primarily of ammonia, methane, carbon dioxide, and water.
Comets are thought to originate from a region beyond the orbits of the outermost planets.
Comets are time capsules that hold clues about the formation and evolution of the solar system.
Comets are too small to be seen from large distances.
Comets are typically a few miles in diameter.
Comets are usually dust and ice.
Comets are usually in highly elliptical or hyperbolic orbits.
Comets are very old bodies of ice mixed with rock and organic material.
Comets are very old, mostly made of icy materials, and they move on the same plane as the planets.
Comets are very primitive.
Comets are very small in size relative to planets.
Comets are visible for two reasons.
Comets are weird and unpredictable.
Comets are white and creamy, like milk.
Comets arrive nearby after falling in as far as a light-year to approach the sun.
Comets become fountains of gas and dust as they get near the Sun .
Comets begin to form a coma as a result of sublimated gasses as the nucleus nears the sun.
Comets break apart under small stresses.
Comets bring in new dust.
Comets can and do break up into pieces.
Comets can be spectacular objects seen in the night-time sky.
Comets can change from dull to brilliant over the course of days or hours.
Comets can create a meteor shower when they run into the atmosphere.
Comets can exhibit highly variable behaviour as the nucleus heats up.
Comets can suddenly brighten or fade from view in a matter of hours.
Comets can take hundreds of years to go around the sun.
Comets can vary in brightness on short time scales.
Comets can, and have, struck the Earth.
Comets change at short intervals.
Comets change throughout their orbit around the Sun.
Comets circle the sun and are assumed to be as old as our solar system.
Comets collide with planets.
Comets come and go, and some only appear once.
Comets come from even further out.
Comets come from two regions in the outer solar system.
Comets come from various families.
Comets comes from a Greek word that means long hairy star.
Comets consist mainly of ice and dust.
Comets consist mainly of ices.
Comets consist mostly of dirty ice.
Comets consist mostly of water ice.
Comets consist of primarily volatile molecules making up various ices.
Comets consist of two parts, a tail and a coma.
Comets contain a lot of ice.
Comets contain dust, ice, carbon dioxide, ammonia, methane and more.
Comets contain lots of water.
Comets contain many of the organic materials thought to be essential for the origin of life.
Comets contain matter left over from the formation of the solar system.
Comets contain methane and ethane.
Comets disintegrate too quickly.
Comets disintegrate too rapidly and have no mechanism to reform.
Comets do it easily whenever they pass close enough to the sun to heat their frozen nucleus.
Comets dominate the celestial imagery in Hawaiian myths.
Comets don t streak or run.
Comets expel dust and gas, usually from localized regions, on the sunward side of the nucleus.
Comets explain photography of the solar system and optical systems for magnification.
Comets Find descriptions, resources,and images.
Comets generally follow parabolic orbits.
Comets generally have two tails, a dust and a gas tail.
Comets generally have two tails.
Comets generate their own light.
Comets graze the heavens from time to time.
Comets have (part) sections.
Comets have a nucleus.
Comets have extremely exaggerated orbits.
Comets have highly elliptical orbits.
Comets have ice.
Comets have interesting side effects.
Comets have long amazed people.
Comets have no light of their own, but reflect sunlight.
Comets have tails and because of that people used to think that a comet was the hair of a woman.
Comets have the most eccentric orbits of any solar system object.
Comets have three distinct parts, the nuculeus, coma, and the ion tail.
Comets hitting the Earth is the other favorite topic for sci-fi writers to hypothesize about.
Comets lack the solid substance.
Comets lose a little mass every time they go by the sun and blow off gas and dust.
Comets lose material and thus brightness with successive passages near the sun.
Comets mop up and vastly amplify a minute surviving fraction of bacteria from a presolar cloud.
Comets move against a field of background stars.
Comets move around the sun like planets, but in an oval course.
Comets move but nebulae are stationary.
Comets move very slowly across the sky.
Comets obey the laws of gravity, as do the planets.
Comets originate from sources outside the solar system.
Comets originate from the outer regions of our solar system.
Comets pose a much smaller risk than asteroids.
Comets really have two visible tails.
Comets release particles along a cometary orbit via the tails.
Comets represent an intermediate stage in planet-building, and they contain much water ice.
Comets represent some of the oldest, basically untouched objects in the solar system.
Comets reveal themselves as local sources of hydrogen.
Comets seem to appear suddenly because they brighten when they come close to the sun.
Comets seem to be little more than chunks of dirty ice.
Comets soar high,dreaming.
Comets spend most of their time a. in the outer solar system.
Comets spend most of their time in one of two areas.
Comets spend most of their time well outside the inner solar system.
Comets talks about comets in general.
Comets traditionally have negative connotations.
Comets travel in elliptical orbits and their tail usually points away from the sun.
Comets travel in something called an elliptical orbit.
Comets always orbit the sun in the same direction as the planets orbit.
Comets often have two tails, a sweeping dust tail and a thinner, straighter plasma tail.
Comets often move quickly against the starry background.
Comets usually mean the end of things, like dinosaurs.
Comets usually peak several weeks after being closest to the sun.
All comets are ancient unchanged objects.
All comets are part of the suns family, just as the Earth and the other planets.
All comets consist of a nucleus, a coma, and a tail.
All comets have a coma which never changes b.
Any comet has the possibility of impacting Earth, while very few asteroids ever can.
Many comets also have a tail made of gas.
Many comets have extremely eccentric orbits.
Many comets have two tails.
Most comets are and remain extremely faint.
Most comets are only a few kilometers across.
Most comets are only observable through a telescope.
Most comets are too faint to be visible without the aid of a telescope .
Most comets have orbits that take thousands of years to complete one circuit.
Most comets have very eccentric orbits.
Most comets remain undetected frozen balls of ice in the outer reaches of our solar system.
Most comets travel around the Sun in elliptical paths.
Most comets travel in a three shape.
Most comets typically go through the inner solar system with no major changes to their orbits.
Some comets also develop separate, curved tails or dust clouds.
Some comets are bright, others have long tails, still others have interesting orbits.
Some comets come into the inner solar system every few hundred years and travel around the Sun.
Some comets go so near the sun that they completely evaporate and burn up.
Some comets have short periods of less than seven years.
Some comets never come back, with orbital periods of tens of thousands of years.
Some comets seem to act differently in nearly the same conditions.
Some comets seem to tire out and die.
Some comets travel a fifth of the way to the next nearest star.
Some comets travel is such long orbit that they are near the sun once in thousands of years.
Cometary debris is the source of most small meteoroid particles.
Cometary material is a little like that.
Cometary material makes snow look like lead.
Cometary movement becomes obvious in just a few hours.
Cometary nuclei are very dissimilar.
Cometary orbits come in two classes.
Some comets tails are more than millions of miles long.
A comeuppance is a consequence
Comeuppance can be swift.
Comfartable accommodation is based in the Victorian country house and renovated farm steadings.
ComfoGrip design assures a firm hold on slippery fish.
Comfort bikes are an ideal choice for adult beginner cyclists.
Comfort bikes cover a pretty broad range.
Comfort bikes perform superbly on paved bike trails and greenways.
Comfort food is a hot tortilla.
Comfort food is about emotional rather than physical sustenance.
Comfort food is food
Comfort food is food.
Comfort food is in.
Comfort food is more than just good nutrition.
Comfort food is the name of the game here, along with games and rides in the adjacent room.
Comfort food takes many guises.
Comfort foods are the specialty of Hometown.
Comfort foods remain something of a mystery, even to the experts.
Some comfort food contains levels.
Some comfort foods transcend geography.
Comfort letters are enforceable in certain cases under English law.
Comfort measures do make a difference.
Comfort room has microwave and refrigerator.
A comfort station is a facility
A comfort station is a toilet
Comfort stations are accessible with a few exceptions.
Comfort stations are outhouse only, no flush toilets.
Comfort stations equipped with showers and laundry facilities are available.
Comfort stations have hot showers, sinks, toilets and laundry.
Comfort stations have hot water and toilet facilities.
Comfort stations provide flush toilets, hot and cold running water, showers and laundry facilities.
Comfort stations provide hot showers, toilets and sink facilities.
A comfort woman is a whore
Comfort women are prostitutes.
Comfort women haunt Japan.
Comfort women is the term used to describe women who provided sex for Japanese soldiers.
Comfort women launch protest at Japanese embassy.
A comfort zone is temperature
Comfort Zones are safe but restrictive.
Comfort zones are safe havens, providing security and positive nurturing environments.
Comfort zones are temperature.
Comfort zones are very powerful things.
Comfort zones protect personal comfort.
Comfort abounds in the many sitting areas to bring about pleasant thoughts of yesteryear.
Comfort accomplishes nothing.
Comfort allows one to attend more easily on the trauma.
Comfort also inspires new products.
Comfort also is a leading attribute in selecting desks and chairs.
Comfort also is provided by small animals.
Comfort also means straps, buckles, pockets and compartments that are easy to use day after day.
Comfort also relates to environment.
Comfort attracts guests.
Comfort becomes the measure for what is right and for what is to be done.
Comfort begins inside.
Comfort can and does lead to the delivery and acceptance of poor performance.
Comfort can be hard to come by otherwise.
Comfort can be in short supply when drivers suit up to make a delivery.
Comfort can be one of the most disastrous emotions.
Comfort can come in so many forms for children.
Comfort can extend to testing conditions, too.
Comfort can involve hugs.
Comfort can sometimes be at odds with size, particularly when it comes to chairs.
Comfort care that eases or relieves symptoms without correcting the underlying cause or disease.
Comfort comes after work outside the office.
Comfort comes first.
Comfort comes from above,a gift of love, gift of love.
Comfort comes from experience.
Comfort comes from the unique hourglass grip area.
Comfort commonly inhibits growth.
Comfort complain Trip about either breakfast beyond one prices.
Comfort counts Convention dress is business casual.
Comfort counts more than money when it comes to equipment.
Comfort counts, it's easier to fly.
Comfort creates an excellent work or play atmosphere.
Comfort creates weakness while difficulties create strength.
Comfort depends on a balance of heat, moisture and pressure against points of the body.
Comfort depends on the materials and shape of the hipbelt, shoulder straps, and back panel.
Comfort depends upon contentment.
Comfort describes it best.
Comfort does Effort beside features by several teen home site whether thrown between one couple.
Comfort equals a winning combination.
Comfort extends beyond the headset itself.
Comfort focuses on self nurturing.
Comfort follows, of course.
Comfort foods our specialty.
Comfort generally increases with experience.
Comfort has no laundry facilities in the basement.
Comfort has one block in it with a few restaurants and antique shops.
Comfort have Prices outside the self around the reviews.
Comfort here is a chair in a patch of shade, a spritz of cooling mist.
Comfort includes thermal comfort, visual comfort and acoustic comfort.
Comfort influences the acceptability of PRs.
Comfort is a big deal.
Comfort is a big issue with anyone, especially as one ages.
Comfort is a big plus in the mid-sizer.
Comfort is a big thing here.
Comfort is a bigger problem.
Comfort is a combination of temperature and humidity conditions.
Comfort is a concept that has a strong association with nursing.
Comfort is a driving factor to making better learning environments.
Comfort is a feedback mechanism.
Comfort is a function of flexibility and weight.
Comfort is a key to having a fun-filled shopping experience.
Comfort is a main key to remembering material and doing better on tests.
Comfort is a major key when becoming intimate.
Comfort is a primary concern.
Comfort is a priority for patients and their loved ones.
Comfort is a priority in our restored Victorian home.
Comfort is a relative term.
Comfort is a relatively recent addition to the pilot's want-list.
Comfort is a stunning success, and an important work.
Comfort is a top priority in choosing a hot tub, so choosing the proper seating design is crucial.
Comfort is a word people use a lot in conjunction with P ramo.
Comfort is afforded by the power windows, and classic instruments monitor the vitals.
Comfort is aid.
Comfort is also a consideration.
Comfort is also comfortable with vegetation.
Comfort is also critical to the success of pedestrian improvements.
Comfort is also important.
Comfort is always a priority.
Comfort is always alluring.
Comfort is always near.
Comfort is among the biggest selling points.
Comfort is an antidote for anxiety.
Comfort is an essential element in all happiness.
Comfort is an illusion.
Comfort is an important aspect of the most rapid means of alleviating trauma.
Comfort is an important consideration in selecting a vehicle.
Comfort is an individual concept.
Comfort is an intelligent home security, home automation and voice messaging system.
Comfort is an issue, as well.
Comfort is an unincorporated community in Kendall County.
Comfort is another factor that shouldn t be ignored.
Comfort is another factor.
Comfort is another important component of studying conditions.
Comfort is another issue.
Comfort is as critical as all the other specifications.
Comfort is as important as choice.
Comfort is assured in the hotels orthopaedic beds.
Comfort is assured with central heat and air, ceiling fans and private baths.
Comfort is assured with our heated pool right on the premises.
Comfort is assured with scooped seat and flat back panel.
Comfort is back.
Comfort is better from the outset and adapting is easier.
Comfort is between cold and hot.
Comfort is built in.
Comfort is complete with a private bath and a queen size bed.
Comfort is compromised to accommodate the masses.
Comfort is conditions.
Comfort is considered to be an important feature in coaches.
Comfort is contagious.
Comfort is decent.
Comfort is definitely in the head of the wearer.
Comfort is designed into every pair.
Comfort is determined by some other factors.
Comfort is enhanced by the automatic climate control system.
Comfort is enhansed by the vibration absorbing system.
Comfort is enjoyable.
Comfort is essential.
Comfort is established by trial and error.
Comfort is even more subjective than quiet.
Comfort is everything in backyard astronomy.
Comfort is everything when using a telescope.
Comfort is excellent for a sportsbike and a lack of vibes make cop infested highway crawls bearable.
Comfort is extremely poor and driver frustration is high.
Comfort is first on the list.
Comfort is found in an unexpected place, and fans the flames of hope.
Comfort is generally excellent.
Comfort is good.
Comfort is gratification.
Comfort is here to stay.
Comfort is high keeping maintenance low.
Comfort is high, even in the back seat, and storage is average or a bit better.
Comfort is how natural the option feels while in use.
Comfort is Impala's long suite.
Comfort is important, but stay on the narrow side.
Comfort is important, so make sure to have that in mind.
Comfort is important.
Comfort is in the eye of the beholder.
Comfort is just as important as appearance.
Comfort is just as important as surgical skill, and science can be practiced with humanity.
Comfort is just part of the package.
Comfort is key and of course, the pedicure.
Comfort is key to high milk yields.
Comfort is key.
Comfort is king when it comes to the cabin.
Comfort is known for antique shops and small town charm.
Comfort is largely a matter of individual preference.
Comfort is life.
Comfort is limited but times and itinerary remain the same.
Comfort is located in beds.
Comfort is located in homes.
Comfort is made up entirely of suites of singles.
Comfort is maintained by manipulation of openings and systems.
Comfort is met with quality meals, and roomy tents and thick pads for sleeping on overnights trips.
Comfort is more about improvement than stagnation.
Comfort is more important than looks.
Comfort is more important than maximum suction.
Comfort is more important than style or looking good.
Comfort is more than simply having a small diameter shaft.
Comfort is neither welcome nor tolerated here.
Comfort is never an issue to be compromised.
Comfort is nice, but adventure makes life worth living.
Comfort is no longer a luxury, but a necessity.
Comfort is of paramount importance to all species.
Comfort is of the utmost importance.
Comfort is of utmost importance.
Comfort is often a brake upon such striving.
Comfort is on the horizon.
Comfort is one imperative.
Some companies also offer optional add-on adventures.
Some companies also offer payments for life.
Some companies also offer planning services to high-level employees.
Some companies also offer profit sharing, or stock options.
Some companies also offer reduced rates for some customers with disabilities.
Some companies also offer scholarships to children of employees.
Some companies also offer scholarships to children of their employees.
Some companies also offer special, wheelchair-accessible digging tools for sandbox play.
Some companies also offer spouse and partner career support as a benefit to returning employees.
Some companies also offer vacation pay.
Some companies also opt to hire a PR agency.
Some companies also participate in work-study programs.
Some companies also pay tuition for work-related training or courses.
Some companies also post such information at their website.
Some companies also provide a car or pay an allowance to salespersons who use their own car.
Some companies also provide a multiple serial line solution for access to a central host.
Some companies also provide a short-term disability policy for workers in addition to sick leave.
Some companies also provide additional classes on their own.
Some companies also provide child care.
Some companies also provide childcare.
Some companies also provide complimentary hotel pickup.
Some companies also provide comprehensive training programs for their new technical employees.
Some companies also provide mentors to help new graduates with the transition into the workforce.
Some companies also provide plant and animal inventories, planting and management services.
Some companies also rent rafts, canoes and kayaks and offer canoe and kayak clinics.
Some companies also require good A-level grades in relevant subjects.
Some companies also sell prepaid cards through tour operators and travel agents.
Some companies also use a shipping buffer to aid on-time deliveries.
Some companies also use the central office code for billing purposes.
Some companies also weigh ideas for their effect on consumer welfare.
Some companies appear to be deliberately built with the goal of getting acquired.
Some companies appear to be growing at a healthy clip.
Some companies appear to be making donations through their non-tobacco affiliates.
Some companies apply completely new business strategies when they make the move to the Web.
Some companies apply multi-car discounts toward trailers and RVs.
Some companies apply strategy in short, targeted bursts to pursue limited objectives.
Some companies appoint an e-commerce czar, who is empowered to reach across divisional lines.
Some companies approach voice mail as a way to reduce headcount, and that's a good side benefit.
Some companies are a year overdue in paying their employees.
Some companies are able to perform their own analysis and prefer to do so.
Some companies are able to show high earnings growth only because they borrow to finance expansion.
Some companies are actually anti-helpful.
Some companies are adamant about it.
Some companies are adept at putting the best face on bad news.
Some companies are already ahead of the curve.
Some companies are already ex-periencing support problems.
Some companies are already there.
Some companies are as big as small countries.
Some companies are as some people are.
Some companies are believed to sell customer information surreptitiously, industry sources say.
Some companies are better bets than others, of course.
Some companies are better suited to take advantage of the power of the Internet than others.
Some companies are both an ISP and Web hosting service, hence the confusion.
Some companies are clearly in touch with the changing needs and expectations of customers.
Some companies are concerned with saving money, instead of saving the enviroment.
Some companies are constantly on the alert for any hint of a crisis.
Some companies are dishonest.
Some companies are excited about it.
Some companies are flamboyant and aggressive, others friendly and fun.
Some companies are found by fathers.
Some companies are found by grandfathers.
Some companies are found by late grandfathers.
Some companies are great at oversized characters.
Some companies are head by brothers.
Some companies are here to help students explore various careers, and others are here to hire.
Some companies are here today, gone tomorrow.
Some companies are hot on the idea, but others remain cool.
Some companies are in business only for non-emergency work.
Some companies are in the business of providing courses, and that's it.
Some companies are including a noncompete clause.
Some companies are independent.
Some companies are information gatherers that build datasets for use by others.
Some companies are interested in sharing their corporate experience in adding accessibility.
Some companies are into e-commerce, and swiftly grasp the potential of the Internet.
Some companies are just ahead of their time when it comes to equality for women.
Some companies are just stricter than others.
Some companies are led by sons.
Some companies are legendary for good customer service.
Some companies are less ethical about the sharing of information than others.
Some companies are like that now.
Some companies are likely to pull out of the industry or become part of a merger or takeover.
Some companies are loose and creative and have a lot of laughter.
Some companies are luckier.
Some companies are members of more than one consortium.
Some companies are merchants of death and instruments of exploitation.
Some companies are mere scams.
Some companies are more competitive with certain health conditions.
Some companies are more complex to deal with than others.
Some companies are more interested in a shoe's appearance.
Some companies are more interested in hiring Ph.D. candidates.
Some companies are more likely than others to succeed with value- based management.
Some companies are more political than others.
Some companies are more popular than others.
Some companies are more reasonable than others.
Some companies are no longer in business and some have been consolidated with other companies.
Some companies are no longer in business, or have purged records.
Some companies are no longer operational.
Some companies are non-renewing whole classes of business.
Some companies are now including such test results in the envelope with employee paychecks.
Some companies are off the list for less drastic reasons.
Some companies are open-minded.
Some companies are outright withdrawing offers for internships and full-time jobs.
Some companies are prepared to schedule all the arrangements for the company visit.
Some companies are pretty much sticking with their original hiring plans.
Some companies are proud to produce vaporware.
Some companies are quicker studies than others.
Some companies are quite expensive to join, while others require only a small investment.
Some companies are ready for the future online shoppers.
Some companies are really picky about cash.
Some companies are relatively small family owned businesses that specialize in a few product lines.
Some companies are repeat offenders.
Some companies are rich, and can pay high salaries without blinking an eyelid.
Some companies are rigid and only cover the purchase of one prosthesis for a lifetime.
Some companies are satisfied to stay with what they know.
Some companies are so desperate for high-tech hires, they raid the classroom before graduation.
Some companies are so disillusioned that they're bringing IS back in-house.
Some companies are so focused that they completely lack a sense of humor.
Some companies are so paranoid that they sue people for anonymous postings there.
Some companies are so rigid with their procedures that they make life difficult for their customers.
Some companies are socially responsible and recognise the virtues of sustainable development.
Some companies are stagnant, while others simply whither away without reaching their full potential.
Some companies are still restrictive, but generally it's easier all around.
Some companies are successful, some are less than successful.
Some companies are successful.
Some companies are traditional and conservative.
Some companies are unwilling to make the commitment and easily fall back into their old ways.
Some companies are up front with their marketing and say so.
Some companies are upfront about their views.
Some companies are upset they get on the list.
Some companies are vertically integrated growing, manufacturing and selling their own produce.
Some companies are very badly affected and have already resorted to retrenchment.
Some companies are very concerned.
Some companies are very enlightened and see that good safety is good business.
Some companies are very lenient about what they allow, and some are more stringent.
Some companies are very particular about shades of color.
Some companies are very pro-telework.
Some companies are very resourceful in difficult circumstances.
Some companies are very successful targeting just one group.
Some companies are well-known in the history of building America.
Some companies ask employees to waive certain rights.
Some companies ask for detailed medical information.
Some companies ask meteorologists.
Some companies ask the assignee to go on a local contract as a local hire.
Some companies assess interest from the transaction date, many from the posting date.
Some companies assess interest from the transaction date, others from the posting date.
Some companies assist small businesses in their efforts to win SBIR awards.
Some companies attempt to augment what they do well by offering additional services in-house.
Some companies attempt to restrict the behavior of employees while they are off the job.
Some companies attempt to take advantage of Nevada's laws in order to evade taxes.
Some companies attribute huge gains to abandoning assembly lines in favor of teams.
Some companies automatically accept all applicants.
Some companies automatically list a sales manager, who is most often on the road.
Some companies automatically renew the service year after year on the basis of a phone call.
Some companies automatically renew the service year after year.
Some companies avoid bankruptcy, but own nothing.
Some companies avoid payments by swapping patents.
Some companies avoid the use of ratings and comments because they seem too subjective.
Some companies ban buyers and executives from taking pay and perks from vendors.
Some companies base entire advertising campaigns around the teenage hacker myth.
Some companies bear the full total of school fees.
Some companies beat analysts' expectations, while others fell short.
Some companies become big success.
Some companies become leaders.
Some companies become members.
Some companies become signatories.
Some companies become success.
Some companies believe a large number of individual shareholders adds stability to a stock.
Some companies believe it necessary to protect their brands.
Some companies believe it's healthier to remain private, period.
Some companies believe that petroleum is a natural ingredient and consider paint to be colloidal.
Some companies belong because of the networking and political significance.
Some companies benefit from state business incentive programs, and some companies really benefit.
Some companies benefit, others are economically damaged.
Some companies better known by their acronym, prefer to be listed under the acronym.
Some companies beve that petroleum is a natural ingredient and consider paint to be colloidal.
Some companies bill the premium each month, while others bill each quarter or once a year.
Some companies billing and accounts payable system fail.
Some companies blend their mesclun mixtures for different flavors, such as tangy or mild.
Some companies blindly trust their partners' security practices and policies, which is a mistake.
Some companies block the info.
Some companies boast of their use of renewable resources such as wind, solar and small hydro.
Some companies bring all their sales collateral to their booths.
Some companies bring super trawlers.
Some companies bring trawlers.
Some companies build farms.
Some companies build hog farms.
Some companies build national railroads.
Some companies build parks.
Some companies build products for commercial use.
Some companies build railroads.
Some companies build residential subdivisions.
Some companies build subdivisions.
Some companies build their own components.
Some companies build theme parks.
Some companies build websites purely to enhance product image.
Some companies bundle special PC phone handsets or microphone headsets with their software.
Some companies buy a stock animation and use that in every video they do.
Some companies buy birds.
Some companies buy cattle.
Some companies buy chickens.
Some companies buy contracts.
Some companies buy equipment from wholesales and gray market distributors and sell it to customers.
Some companies buy expensive capital equipment abroad.
Some companies buy horses.
Some companies buy pigs.
Some companies buy rats.
Some companies buy research 'by the yard'.
Some companies buy salmon.
Some companies buy, sell and trade response lists.
Some companies call an accident investigation team for every incident.
Some companies call candidates' references during the interview process.
Some companies call it a one-off and move on to other things.
Some companies call it an individual spending account.
Some companies call themselves multi-level marketing when they are really pyramid schemes.
Some companies can afford to incur considerable expense to train for future demand.
Some companies can afford to test new systems.
Some companies can also overcome regulatory barriers through the formation of aligned groups.
Some companies can apply automated rules to qualify prospects from Web data.
Some companies can be weak on one issue and strong on several others.
Some companies can dry homes in less than a week with commercial dehumidifiers and air movers.
Some companies can expect enormous revenue loss when messaging services are down.
Some companies can fax, email, or post a list of stock available for immediate shipment.
Some companies can fire portable generators to power their phone system with minimal disruption.
Some companies can lose millions, the group says.
Some companies can make it difficult for their employees to take the leave, however.
Some companies can offer legal defense costs.
Some companies can only do the wiring, or certain aspects of networking.
Some companies can receive many requests for volunteers.
Some companies can succeed with a high-spending style.
Some companies cash in.
Some companies cater especially to the low-end.
Some companies celebrate first years.
Some companies celebrate years.
Some companies champion the customer and use satisfied customers to their advantage.
Some companies change names to distance themselves from something unsavory.
Some companies charge a cash advance, late payment or over-limit fee.
Some companies charge a different rate to each Mexico band.
Some companies charge a fee based on travel time to the client's location.
Some companies charge a fee for a binding estimate.
Some companies charge a fee for registering as a courier.
Some companies charge a fee for the estimate even if no repair work is done.
Some companies charge a fee to cover the processing of trip reservations.
Some companies charge a monthly service fee plus a charge for each call.
Some companies charge a nominal fee while others are free.
Some companies charge a one-time setup fee.
Some companies charge a small start up or registration fee to get started.
Some companies charge an activation fee, others charge no fee or waive it during sales or specials.
Some companies charge an additional size charge for gown sizes.
Some companies charge by the brick.
Some companies charge by the hour, and some charge by the job.
Some companies charge by the minute and others by increments of minutes.
Some companies charge by the page and the graphic.
Some companies charge extra for the registration process.
Some companies charge extra for the service, others offer it as a value-added.
Some companies charge extra per cubic foot for door to door service.
Some companies charge for scholarship searches.
Some companies charge for show day only.
Some companies charge for the privilege.
Some companies charge inflated prices because of the high demand for such services.
Some companies charge less per hour to design.
Some companies charge no restock fee at all.
Some companies charge only for the bags or stickers used.
Some companies charge slightly less.
Some companies charge up to two dollars or more per megabyte.
Some companies charge variable rates so that the interest they collect reflects the current market.
Some companies charter hot-air balloon flights.
Some companies check an applicant's prior job locations, and some check where they went to school.
Some companies choose an alternative route.
Some companies choose individuals with professional qualifications such as MBAs.
Some companies choose odd names intentionally.
Some companies choose to break down classifications even further.
Some companies choose to expand to where their customers are located.
Some companies choose to farm out their analytics projects.
Some companies choose to go it alone.
Some companies choose to implement one or all of the modules.
Some companies choose to include related capital expenses.
Some companies choose to protect their intellectual property by maintaining trade secrets.
Some companies choose to use a contract manufacturer, if they can find a reliable one.
Some companies choose to use an express courier service.
Some companies chuck the paper entirely, pocketing the cash from the recycled paper.
Some companies claim it is unnecessary because circumstances can be mimicked without switching off.
Some companies claim reportable data as trade secret.
Some companies claim that the functionality found in Domino is to be found in their own products.
Some companies claim to be organic and grow their herbs without pesticides.
Some companies claim to be using rosewood being sustainably grown and ethically harvested.
Some companies claim to have many areas of expertise.
Some companies claim to have mol.
Some companies claim to have solid platinum electrodes on their water ionizers.
Some companies claim to provide results that are neither accurate nor humanly possible.
Some companies coat their products with other finishes.
Some companies collect and sell for profit e-mail addresses.
Some companies collect just contact information.
Some companies combine carbon monoxide detectors and smoke detectors in one unit.
Some companies combine elements of the institutional ad with product advertising.
Some companies come aboard with their own instructors and materials.
Some companies complete trials.
Some companies conduct criminal background checks on all finalists.
Some companies conduct informal surveys of their employees concerning sexual harassment.
Some companies conduct on-campus interviews for summer positions.
Some companies consider multiple alcohol violations regardless of the timeframe.
Some companies consist of guides.
Some companies continually sell people the wrong machine for the application just to make the sale.
Some companies continue the tradition today.
Some companies continue to fly retired CEOs.
Some companies continue to hire graduates every week.
Some companies contract for goal-oriented research, which targets a specific research area.
Some companies contract with insurance providers.
Some companies contribute to damage.
Some companies counter the retention problems with retention contracts.
Some companies cover procedures.
Some companies cover the non-OHIP portion for the time of the first visit.
Some companies cover the travel expense associated with on-site visits.
Some companies cover therapy.
Some companies create Internet catalogs that are the online equivalent of paper catalogs.
Some companies create maps.
Some companies create markets.
Some companies create parties.
Some companies create run shoes.
Some companies create shoes.
Some companies create the software that enables the process.
Some companies create their own rudimentary information databases.
Some companies deal with long distance, and a few more provide handy-phone services.
Some companies deal with the issue by formally appointing someone to monitor online chats.
Some companies decide to fight the delisting.
Some companies deduct all costs from the first crop payment.
Some companies deduct the time used in performing a charitable service as a normal business expense.
Some companies default on payment promises, while others impose new rules retroactively.
Some companies delay communications, which often has a disastrous effect.
Some companies deliberately distort the job market for their own benefit.
Some companies deliberately make life more complex and chaotic for their customers.
Some companies deliver complete virus protection.
Some companies deliver energy.
Some companies deliver on price but fail on quality.
Some companies deliver payment instructions to banks on magnetic tapes.
Some companies deliver protection.
Some companies deliver technology.
Some companies deliver virus protection.
Some companies demand sales receipts.
Some companies demand to know up front from e-business vendors just what they're paying for.
Some companies demutualize so they can sell stock in the open market for additional capital.
Some companies deploy on-line operatives of their own, but many leave the Web spying to the experts.
Some companies design certain lines to work interchangeably, however.
Some companies desire to hire employees based on a three or six month evaluation period.
Some companies determine alternatives.
Some companies determine options.
Some companies develop an adversary relationship with their financial lending institution.
Some companies develop extensive materials for mailing to outsiders, including professors.
Some companies develop screen-savers and desktop wall paper for their users.
Some companies differ onthis, however.
Some companies disagree.
Some companies discourage agents from assisting with life settlements.
Some companies dismiss unsuitable candidates with a short, blunt note.
Some companies dispose of hazardous wastes for a fee.
Some companies distinguish between detelopment and maintenance programmers.
Some companies distribute a small newsletter everyday, while others only distribute one a quarter.
Some companies distribute legal handbooks to all employees while other companies limit distribution.
Some companies distribute newsletters, giving information about company happenings.
Some companies do a decent job at it, and charge a fortune.
Some companies do a fine job educating their employees about their option programs.
Some companies do a wonderful job, but all too many settle for very mediocre writing indeed.
Some companies do an admirable job of informing their employees.
Some companies do both.
Some companies do care.
Some companies do complain.
Some companies do consumer research or testing with focus groups to see how the names are perceived.
Some companies do entertainment.
Some companies do fairly well, and some are completely lacking.
Some companies do get it.
Some companies do have career development programs.
Some companies do have plans required in their permits to sell genetically engineered seeds.
Some companies do it better than others.
Some companies do just that, outsourcing the HR function from payroll to recruitment.
Some companies do nothing but create code for simulation, so it is a real niche of expertise.
Some companies do offer private boat rentals.
Some companies do only field service work.
Some companies do photography.
Some companies do sell pre-formatted diskettes.
Some companies do so by internal policy or procedure.
Some companies do that themselves.
Some companies do the training off site which requires payment for a hotel room.
Some companies do things thier way, other try to conform to a standard.
Some companies do try to keep situations fairly above board.
Some companies do want heavy-bandwidth features, however.
Some companies do, however, offer precooked whole soft shell lobsters.
Some companies do, however, take matters into their own hands.
Some companies do.
Some companies donate much more.
Some companies draw on our full range of services to support their long-term organizational change.
Some companies earn non-life premium income.
Some companies emphasize the customer.
Some companies employ a patchwork of smaller agencies.
Some companies employ attendants.
Some companies employ designers.
Some companies employ flight attendants.
Some companies employ photographers.
Some companies employ scientists.
Some companies employ simplistic marketing strategies.
Some companies employ women.
Some companies encourage workers to contribute time and energy to community and nonprofit work.
Some companies enforce time off during slack periods.
Conditions are too treacherous.
Conditions are too weak at the moment to contemplate fresh operations.
Conditions are totally inadequate in the favela for the performance of their traditional rituals.
Conditions are tough, there is a lot of fly-in, but camps have gotten better and better as well.
Conditions are tough.
Conditions are tragic.
Conditions are transmitted to humans.
Conditions are true if the description holds true.
Conditions are truly awesome.
Conditions are truly machine made packed powder with full coverage on open trails.
Conditions are typically quite humid both day and night.
Conditions are unfavorable for survivable transport each day for the next two days.
Conditions are unreliable in ski resorts in Africa.
Conditions are unsanitary.
Conditions are usually different from natural levels.
Conditions are usually hot, noisy and messy.
Conditions are usually windy with many holes having out of bounds alongside.
Conditions are variable.
Conditions are very bad, with cold and rainy weather prevailing in the region.
Conditions are very bad.
Conditions are very basic and the work can be very demanding.
Conditions are very cloudy.
Conditions are very cramped.
Conditions are very crowded among the thousands of eggs.
Conditions are very crowded.
Conditions are very different after the sun goes down.
Conditions are very difficult for anyone who opposes incumbent authorities.
Conditions are very difficult with the wind because it's inconsistent.
Conditions are very dry.
Conditions are very good for snowshoeing.
Conditions are very poor for swimming in the tributaries .
Conditions are very primitive.
Conditions are very turbulent.
Conditions are very, very different on Mars.
Conditions are virtually perfect for making money in stocks and bonds.
Conditions are wet during trials and races.
Conditions are worse at night.
Conditions are worse for women of color, who face both sex and race discrimination.
Conditions are worse in almost every context.
Conditions are worse outside the capital.
Conditions associate with cardiovascular impairment.
Conditions associate with impairment.
Conditions associate with infection.
Conditions associated with anxiety and stress include depression, phobias, and chronic fatigue.
Conditions associated with decerebrate posture require immediate hospital treatment.
Conditions associated with decorticate posture require immediate hospital treatment.
Conditions associated with dehydration appear to increase the risk of renal toxicity.
Conditions associated with insulin resistance include high blood sugar, diabetes, and heart disease.
Conditions attached to the proposed building plan safeguard nothing if they are ignored.
Conditions become even worse during side slips or accelerated flight.
Conditions can also degrade the audio signals.
Conditions can and do change rapidly.
Conditions can be adverse due to geologic and multi-seam conditions.
Conditions can be comfortable for outdoor activity on sunny days.
Conditions can be edge or level-sensitive.
Conditions can be especially hazardous near bridge crossings because of the higher humidity there.
Conditions can be harsh.
Conditions can be hazy to bright or very overcast almost dark.
Conditions can be highly variable depending on the amount of snowpack present.
Conditions can be ideal for winter skiing in some mountain areas.
Conditions can be quite rough in NW winds.
Conditions can be rather yucky, so bring along boots.
Conditions can be terrible.
Conditions can change daily.
Conditions can change dramatically in minutes.
Conditions can change frequently during the day, so pack warm clothes, even during a summer holiday.
Conditions can change from day to day depending on weather conditions and lake levels.
Conditions can change moment to moment on the river, so bring clothes suitable for layering.
Conditions can change overnight, even during the coldest weather.
Conditions can change quickly on saltwater.
Conditions can change quickly.
Conditions can change rapidly from hot and sunny to cold and stormy in a matter of minutes.
Conditions can change rapidly in the far north and trout go through corresponding mood swings.
Conditions can change rapidly, so hikers are advised to be prepared for wind and snow.
Conditions can change rapidly.
Conditions can change throughout the fishing day.
Conditions can change with a few short hours as the ambient temperatures fluctuate.
Conditions can change without notice.
Conditions can change without warning.
Conditions can change.
Conditions can go from flat glassy to very nasty in a couple of hours.
Conditions can have adverse effects.
Conditions can have effects.
Conditions can have impact.
Conditions can have multiple comparisons.
Conditions can have serious effects.
Conditions can have similar symptoms.
Conditions can have symptoms.
Conditions can include delusions and thought disorders.
Conditions can involve multiple classes, possibly from different databases.
Conditions can make a mockery of the game sometimes.
Conditions can range from wet and mild, to clear and crisp.
Conditions can sometimes change abruptly.
Conditions can vary considerably from one year to the next.
Conditions can vary from deep powdered snow to smooth ice.
Conditions can vary from hot and humid, to pleasant, to cold and rainy.
Conditions can vary greatly depending on weather and sheltered sites.
Conditions can vary of course.
Conditions can vary widely, depending on location, time of day, and proximity to ocean and desert.
Conditions can vary with the state of the tide and conditions on the day .
Conditions cause accumulation.
Conditions cause coughs.
Conditions cause diseases.
Conditions cause dormancy.
Conditions cause events.
Conditions cause honk coughs.
Conditions cause innate dormancy.
Conditions cause kidney diseases.
Conditions cause pain sensation.
Conditions cause pressure.
Conditions cause sensation.
Conditions cause similar symptoms.
Conditions cause symptoms.
Conditions caused by focusing too hard include presbiopia and asthenopia.
Conditions caused by poor management can reduce the flock's resistance to infection.
Conditions causing bleeding in late pregnancy pose a risk to both mother and fetus.
Conditions change almost daily.
Conditions change as time passes.
Conditions change constantly on all the rivers, lakes, and oceans of the world.
Conditions change constantly.
Conditions change daily and it's always harder to brake on wet trails.
Conditions change from day to day, and keeping tabs on the river level can prevent wasted effort.
Conditions change from day to day.
Conditions change in such a way that all the uric acid precipitates out of solution.
Conditions change often due to weather and skier use.
Conditions change on a daily basis as well as seasonally.
Conditions change over periods.
Conditions change over time.
Conditions change rapidly, causing financial strategies to be altered and fine tuned.
Conditions change so quickly here.
Conditions change very fast.
Conditions change very quickly and even experienced swimmers can be taken unawares.
Conditions come first.
Conditions contained in a lease are contractual in nature.
Conditions continue to be covered for life.
Conditions continue to be dry, with seven percent humidity.
Conditions continue to be unfavorable for late blight development.
Conditions continue to improve across the Region.
Conditions continue to improve after the summer dry spell.
Conditions continue to improve in all areas.
Conditions continue to improve with the full restoration of telephone and gas service.
Conditions contribute to chances.
Conditions contribute to obesity.
Conditions contribute to outbreaks.
Conditions contribute to success.
Conditions contribute to weevil outbreaks.
Conditions contributing to instability are acid, alkali and elevated temperatures.
Conditions control operations.
Conditions create conflict.
Conditions create problems.
Conditions database deep copy.
Conditions deal with the general out look of the business, the industry, and the economy as a whole.
Conditions demand that in-place forces are ready to respond and perform at a moment's notice.
Conditions depend alot on the winters snowfall.
Conditions determine how often a filter needs to be replaced.
Conditions determine technique and nothing fosters confidence like results.
Conditions determine variation.
Conditions determine which predominates.
Conditions develop over time.
Conditions diagnosed include rhythm disorders and heart attacks.
Conditions dictate the continued use of copper because copper is more economical than fiber.
Conditions dictate what our instructional sports schools do.
Conditions didn t reach that point.
Conditions differ from country to country.
Conditions differ from event to event.
Conditions differ too much across South Carolina to try to force uniformity everywhere.
Conditions differ, of course, in almost every part of the country and in almost every industry.
Conditions directly related to the brain already touch many families and students in our community.
Conditions do apply.
Conditions encourage growth.
Conditions exist in countries.
Conditions exist in habitats.
Conditions exist in locations.
Conditions exist in other countries.
Conditions exist in regions.
Conditions exist in subdivisions.
Conditions existing in remote locations can also skew prediction accuracy.
Conditions favor evolution.
Conditions favor germination.
Conditions favor gluttony and sloth, but it s a perilous time for flightless fowl.
Conditions favor hair care and karaoke.
Conditions favor hazelnuts, terra cotta, and leopard-skin underwear.
Conditions favor origami, agrarian economy, and mud.
Conditions favor permanence.
Conditions favor possible excitement at work or school, so wear a flak jacket or call in sick.
Conditions favor potpourri-scented candles, graven images, and earlocks.
Conditions favor saltwater taffy, constitutional amendments, and gratuitous nudity.
Conditions favor the flyfisherman.
Conditions favor wetting hair, lathering, and rinsing, but don t repeat.
Conditions favoring phytophthora include high soil moisture and low temperatures.
Conditions favoring rapid growth also favor the development of fasciations.
Conditions favoring rapprochement are absent in other parts of the world.
Conditions favoring root rot development are water-logged soils and warm soil temperatures.
Conditions favoring the formation of formation is the same for both kinds.
Conditions favoring the two diseases are similar.
Conditions favouring the formation of trichloramine are rare.
Conditions focus on the intended purpose of the loan.
Conditions fuel to make engine run better.
Conditions Generally can everyone join.
Conditions give rise to wants.
Conditions go from one extreme to another.
Conditions govern how to measure the learner's performance.
Conditions governing such a leave is outlined on the official form.
Conditions have causes.
Conditions have effects.
Conditions have few different causes.
Conditions have patterns.
Conditions have side effects.
Conditions have significant effects.
Conditions have to be just right for the cocoons to hatch.
Conditions have to be just right, though.
Conditions have to be nearly perfect.
Conditions have to be right to produce the best crema.
Conditions here are just outstanding to support that effort.
Conditions here are more primitive, and activities more rigorous, than on the regular trip.
Conditions here are ripe.
Conditions here are simply unacceptable.
Conditions here are unique in the U.S. for progagating tropical wildlife outdoors, year-round.
Conditions here are unique in the U.S. for propagating tropical wildlife outdoors, year-round.
Conditions here can change rapidly.
Conditions impact health.
Conditions impair ability.
Conditions improve and, with the prospect of a good days flying, excitement mounts in the camp.
Conditions improve farther out to sea.
Conditions include anxiety disorder.
Conditions include bone diseases.
Conditions include deficiencies.
Conditions include diseases.
Conditions include disorder.
Conditions include heart diseases.
Conditions include injuries.
Conditions include metabolic bone diseases.
Conditions include metabolic diseases.
Conditions include platelet disorder.
Conditions include severe injuries.
Conditions include symptoms.
Conditions indicating the use of milk thistle are varied.
Conditions influence choices.
Conditions influence life history strategies.
Conditions influence performance.
Conditions influence strategies.
Conditions interfere with functions.
Conditions interfere with photosynthesis.
Conditions involve heat.
Conditions involve intense heat.
Conditions involving the macula affect central vision.
Conditions lead to breakdowns.
Conditions lead to dependence.
Conditions lead to existence.
Conditions lead to germination.
Conditions lead to growth.
Conditions lead to high productivity.
Conditions lead to imbalances.
Conditions lead to population growth.
Conditions lead to problems.
Conditions lead to productivity.
Conditions lead to rapid growth.
Conditions lead to rapid population growth.
Conditions lead to symptoms.
Conditions leading to polymerization are excessive heat and inadvertent addition of catalyst.
Conditions leading to polymerization are excessive heat, and inadvertent addition of catalyst.
Conditions leading to polymerization are heat and peroxide catalysts.
Conditions leading to polymerization are peroxide catalysts.
Conditions leading to polymerization include strong bases.
Conditions limit activities.
Conditions limit size.
Conditions look excellent for the turkey season throughout the riverway.
Conditions look good for turkey season.
Conditions look good with light thermals coming in at launch.
Conditions look quieter for the near term as well.
Conditions make a big difference.
Conditions make a difference.
Conditions make a pickup impossible.
Conditions make life harder for the bugs as well as the fish and plants.
Conditions make rescue difficult.
Conditions Moist soil with good drainage is perfect.
Conditions naturally differ from one country to another.
Conditions needing Arnica are usually worse from touch and heat.
Conditions now are different from the conditions in which the species evolved.
Conditions now are lush with bountiful mast, fruits and browse.
Conditions occur in aquatic environments.
Conditions occur in climatic environments.
Conditions occur in environments.
Conditions occur in habitats.
Conditions occur in mangrove habitats.
Conditions occur, however, when revolutionary calculation calls for ruthless vengeance.
Conditions only become tricky in strong winds.
Conditions overseas are generally good but some countries can be more dangerous than others.
Conditions peak at the European sunrise, which now occurs after our midnight.
Conditions permitting ice fishing is popular in the winter.
Conditions permitting, attempt a summit climb.
Conditions permitting, enjoy an elephant ride into the jungle.
Conditions permitting, larger cutters provide more choices about how to approach the workpiece.
Conditions permitting, the pilot can soar higher amongst the clouds.
Conditions persist for months.
Conditions persist for several weeks.
Conditions persist for weeks.
Conditions placed on project approvals by King County continue to apply after annexation.
Conditions play a big part, too.
Conditions present problems.
Conditions prevent the feature from being confidently positioned.
Conditions prevent the system from being removed to friendly areas.
Conditions produce effects.
Conditions produce inflammation.
Conditions produce rain shadow effects.
Conditions producing widespread regionally metamorphosed rocks occur during an orogenic event .
Conditions promote bacterial growth.
Conditions promote development.
Conditions promote growth.
Conditions promote liverwort growth.
Conditions range from fair to excellent.
Conditions range from good dry solid ground to wet muddy ground or slippery snow covered ground.
Conditions range from light to heavy wind.
Conditions range from mild scaling and itching to very painful inflammation and blisters.
Conditions range from mild to extreme with the Alaskan weather.
Conditions refer to atmospheric conditions.
Conditions refer to conditions.
Conditions relate to growth.
Conditions relate to involvement.
Conditions relate to plant growth.
Conditions related to gene mutations are called genetic disorders .
Conditions related to soils include soil pH, fertility, and drainage.
Conditions remain a major issue.
Conditions remain below normal.
Conditions remain difficult.
Conditions remain dry in much of the western provinces and the territories.
Conditions remain excellent for continued good milk production in the Pacific Northwest.
Conditions remain excellent, with whales being sighted off the coastline.
Conditions remain fair.
Conditions remain fairly dry in low-levels.
Conditions remain favourable for the afternoon tours.
Conditions remain good at all stages of growth.
Conditions remain harsh and there is little sanitation.
Conditions remain ideal for blue spread and development in North Carolina.
Conditions remain perfect.
Conditions remain poor.
Conditions remain unfavorable for tropical development.
Conditions remain very poor.
Conditions Remember the area is under the government protection, therefore, hunting is illegal.
Conditions represent problems.
Conditions require attention.
Conditions require close attention.
Conditions require diagnoses.
Conditions require diets.
Conditions require enhance excretion.
Conditions require examinations.
Conditions require excretion.
Conditions require immediate attention.
Conditions require immediate medical attention.
Conditions require immediate treatments.
Conditions require maintenance treatments.
Conditions require medical attention.
Conditions require medical examinations.
Conditions require proper diagnoses.
Conditions require treatments.
Conditions require urgent treatments.
Conditions required for sprout growing are ideal for rapid bacterial growth.
Conditions respond to treatments.
Conditions restrict how the committee can spend the money.
Conditions restricting regular use of IUDs also apply to their emergency use.
Conditions result in inflammation.
Conditions result in pain inflammation.
Conditions result in pain.
Conditions result in production.
Conditions run from ar to ns.
Conditions run in families.
Conditions seem overwhelming.
Conditions seem ripe for increased reliance on marketing know-how and savvy.
Conditions seem ripe.
Conditions seen by physicians range from colds to individuals needing chemotherapy.
Conditions soon change, however, and yields start to decline.
Conditions sound good.
Conditions specify the manner in which progress toward the goal is measured.
Conditions specify to which resources students have access.
Conditions specify which redefinition applies.
Conditions steadily worsen.
Conditions tend to be relatively consistent between bacteria with the exception of extremophiles .
Conditions tend to be rough.
Conditions then exist which favour zeolite formation.
Conditions there are absolutely appalling.
Conditions there are also terrible.
Conditions there are normal and there have been no disturbances.
Conditions there are really dry.
Conditions there are severe.
Conditions there are too cold, too dry and too oxidizing.
Conditions there control the survival and affect the success of all organisms.
Conditions there range from excellent to somewhat depressing.
Conditions threaten health.
Conditions treated include depression, anxiety, interpersonal, and work difficulties.
Conditions typically are poor, with high winds, murky water, low tides - or all three.
Conditions vary according to type and place work is being performed.
Conditions vary according to type of work performed.
Conditions vary among lenders.
Conditions vary amongst companies and depending on the policies.
Conditions vary and many migrants move inland during mild weather.
Conditions vary between companies.
Conditions vary between departments and institutions.
Conditions vary depending on altitude.
Conditions vary depending on the time of year.
Conditions vary due to previous earthquakes and flooding.
Content includes clinical uses and diseases, and basic science research.
Content includes columns, horoscopes, cartoons, reviews, and puzzles.
Content includes communication, biological and nutritional considerations and assessment techniques.
Content includes comprehensive entertainment, accommodation, travel and recruitment sections.
Content includes concepts and applications of differential and integral calculus.
Content includes coverage of a wide range of disciplines.
Content includes creating, editing, printing, saving and retrieving documents.
Content includes creating, editing, printing, saving and retrieving spreadsheets.
Content includes culture, drama, music, crafts and cooking as well as writing and speaking.
Content includes current assets, capital assets, leases, and long-term investments.
Content includes current server-related news, information, and resources.
Content includes curriculum, accountability, and management systems development.
Content includes daily updates of critical news, features and trends that are relevant.
Content includes daily updates of critical news, features and trends.
Content includes daily updates of critical news, features, and relevant trends.
Content includes daily updates of critical news, features, and trends that are relevant.
Content includes degree, major, graduation and transfer requirements.
Content includes design issues and analysis of effective vs. ineffective examples.
Content includes design, adjustment, diagnosis, and repair.
Content includes digital sound, digital television and digital databases.
Content includes discussion of drugs that are widely prescribed by physicians and dentists.
Content includes discussions concerning why drunk driving is a problem and how it can be prevented.
Content includes document design and formatting as well as file management.
Content includes documentation, protocols, critical pathways, and quality indicators.
Content includes drugs used to relieve pain and treat disorders affecting every system in the body.
Content includes editorials, forums, source code, and a digital edition.
Content includes editorials, forums, source code, product reviews, and a digital edition.
Content includes educational issues as well as lesson plans and ideas.
Content includes effects, water, backgrounds, and more.
Content includes elections, grassroots campaigns, protests, and social movements.
Content includes electricity, motion, work, and power.
Content includes emphasis on flow, gas laws, volume, and other related topics.
Content includes empowerment, advocacy and compensation.
Content includes energy and food cycle for living organisms.
Content includes extensive field work.
Content includes extensive tourism, business information.
Content includes FAQ, testimonials, getting started and course syllabus.
Content includes fashion, love and relationships, literature, health and entertainment.
Content includes feature articles, product reports and trade news.
Content includes film reviews, interviews, and more.
Content includes financial information, operating system updates, etc.
Content includes flowing water, glacial action and freezing.
Content includes football, basketball, and other sports events' information.
Content includes for example, stories, tools, calculators and other items displayed on the site.
Content includes free pics, biography and filmography.
Content includes full-length movies, bloopers, sports coverage and funny scenes.
Content includes gender issues and how they affect business, education, health, and more.
Content includes general fencing terms, foil fencing, sabre fencing and epee fencing.
Content includes general orientation to drugs and the effect of selected drugs on the body systems.
Content includes goals and objectives, curriculum thrusts, and contemporary program criteria.
Content includes goals and objectives, curriculum thrusts, and program criteria.
Content includes heat, levers, frictions, electricity, and motion.
Content includes hike descriptions, maps, pictures, and commentary.
Content includes historical information and ideas and instructions for making holiday crafts.
Content includes history, economics, political science, geography and behavioral science.
Content includes history, purpose, trends, issues and models of service.
Content includes images, sounds, animations, and text.
Content includes industry news and briefs, mobile technology updates and destination information.
Content includes industry snapshot, current conditions, research and technology, etc.
Content includes information about allergy, arthritis, breast cancer, depression, and osteoporosis.
Content includes information on complementary medicine, homeopathy, and alternative therapy options.
Content includes information, concepts, skills.
Content includes information, tips, poems, a joke or two, but mostly medical information.
Content includes internal and external environmental factors affecting the health of children.
Content includes interpersonal communications and group dynamics.
Content includes interviews, tour dates, message board and postcards.
Content includes keyboarding technique and alphabetic keyboard.
Content includes law, court and criminal justice images and illustrations.
Content includes leadership styles, human relations and delegating.
Content includes learning styles, objective writing, utilization of media and evaluations.
Content includes lighting, optics, vision hardware and software.
Content includes listings, moving tips, and school information for the Central Florida area.
Content includes live quotes, charts, research, forecasts, news, and education.
Content includes live quotes, charts, research, news, education, etc.
Content includes live quotes, charts, research, news, education, forecasts, brokers, dealers, etc.
Content includes live quotes, charts, research, news, education, forecasts, etc.
Content includes local news synopsis, upcoming events and obituaries.
Content includes local news, an event calendar, and general information on the region.
Content includes logic, set theory and basic number theory.
Content includes lyrics, sheet music, melody lines along with specific audio files.
Content includes major players, market, competitors and future trends.
Content includes male and female nudes, landscapes, architectural abstracts and still life photos.
Content includes management of common health problems of older adults.
Content includes maps, tourist activities, such as fishing and skiing, and accommodation.
Content includes material testing, selection, and concrete and masonry applications procedures.
Content includes med student diaries, chat rooms, books to buy, and links.
Content includes medical case histories, medical reports, insurance, and hospital forms.
Content includes membership, awards, bookshop, exhibitions, calendar and a database.
Content includes metadata.
Content includes movies, music, sports and infomercials.
Content includes movies, tutorials, clipart, fonts and links to other sites.
Content includes music guide, episode summaries and multimedia.
Content Includes names, addresses, ages, religion and occupation of the inhabitants of that town.
Content includes news stories taken from the newspaper.
Content includes news, committee reports, coming events, book reviews and other items of interest.
Content includes news, documentaries, drama, entertainment, children s and Israeli heritage.
Content includes news, events, a quiz and contacts.
Content includes news, links of interest, and a job search function specific to HR positions.
Content includes news, search engines, stock quotes, shared forums, weather, ebusiness and more.
Content includes observational activities, actual and simulated, individual and group.
Content includes ongoing database management.
Content Includes online information, libraries and directories.
Content includes operation of page layout, drawing and scanning software applications.
Content includes opinions of the page developers.
Content includes papers and conferences, journal abstracts, books and databases and datasets.
Content includes periodical articles, interviews, film reviews, and more.
Content includes physical and emotional changes of pregnancy and self-help measures.
Content includes power steering and variable assist steering systems.
Content includes practical aspects of the job search.
Content includes practice guidelines, drug information and patient education.
Content includes practice of the various techniques appropriate for client situations.
Content includes practice reports, live game updates, chat and message boards.
Content includes product information, directories, classifieds, job listings and news.
Content includes program goals, assessment, prescription, teaching and program evaluation.
Content includes program goals, assessment, prescription, teaching, and program evaluation.
Content includes program specific information and discussion about issues in school psychology.
Content includes property listings.
Content includes psychomotor, health related fitness, cognitive and affective assessment.
Content includes record keeping and condition of major systems.
Content includes related vocabulary and grammar, French culture, communication skills, and speaking.
Content includes research on educational outcomes, student responsibilities, and related topics.
Content includes research reports, experiments, case studies, and literature reviews.
Content includes research, notable medical cases, ethics, and health policy in Australia.
Content includes review and application of blueprint reading fundamentals presented in basic course.
Content includes role theory, change theory, and political advocacy.
Content includes safe swimming tips, a water safety quiz and newspaper activities.
Content includes scores, schedules, player chats, polls, and more.
Content includes sections on motor sports, buyer's guides, automobile books and magazines.
Content includes seizure classification and management, and social and psychological implications.
Content includes selections of classical and contemporary youth literature form a literature text.
Content includes self-tests, online activities, and links to relevant Web sites.
Content includes sentence and paragraph structure, organization and usage.
Content includes setlists, band news, and other information useful to fans.
Content includes shoot schedules and results.
Content includes skills, product and transaction experience, and academic accomplishment.
Content includes some major Australian and international newspapers.
Content includes sound, data, text, still and animated graphics.
Content includes special interests, resources and librarians' toolbox.
Content includes sports, world, people and science.
Content includes statistics and market research.
Content includes stories on campus initiatives, programs, and faculty and staff accomplishments.
Content includes stories on students, as well as campus developments and issues.
Content includes studio, lecture, critique and micro teaching experiences.
Content includes symposia material, bibliography, legislation as well as discussion forums.
Content includes technical training and tutorials, product updates, press releases and roadmaps.
Content includes techniques in training, riding, racing, and racing tactics.
Content includes text, and text is made of characters.
Content includes text, font, charts, pictures, music, video, graphs, etc.
Content includes text, maps, and pictures.
Content includes text, photos, graphics, animation, audio and video.
Content includes the conduction system, dysrhythmia identification and treatment protocols.
Content includes the development of civilization from earliest times to the modern era.
Content includes the effect of the brain-body disturbances on health functioning.
Content includes the elements of case management process, as well as ethical and legal issues.
Content includes the knowledge, skills, sanctions, values, and ethics of the social work profession.
Content includes the lord, the dream, visitors book and photo gallery.
Content includes the main points which are made and the clarity of the writing.
Content includes the philosophy, history, major concepts, and current problems and issues.
Content includes the process camera, processing, and densitometry.
Content includes the quality of information, links and how often updates are made.
Content includes the relationship and use of typography, imagery and layout for editorial impact.
Content includes the replaced content of image elements.
Content includes the study of blues scale patterns and harmonic progressions innate in jazz music.
Content includes the study of common health problems and diseases.
Content includes the topical information presented in the experience.
Content includes the use of software programs, electronic communications, and information retrieval.
Content includes the words, facts, figures, ideas and logic a speaker conveys.
Content includes theatre, concerts and film listings.
Content includes their award winning Web site and email newsletters.
Content includes thematic study of world literature with an emphasis on British literature.
Content includes theory and practice.
Content includes theory, historical development and analysis of currently published selections.
Content includes theory, historical development, and analysis of currently published selections.
Content includes tips, cheats, reviews and downloads.
Content includes tips, suggestions, and general information for a visitor of Athens.
Content includes Tolkien research, news, and reviews.
Content includes topics of general health, social development and basic and vocational education.
Content includes topics suitable for lectures to various age groups.
Content includes transcultural concepts across the lifespan and with diverse populations.
Content includes travel and tourism, business, real estate, news and events and a message board.
Content includes user activity statistics, category breakdowns and resource utilization.
Content includes using objects for animation, animating sprites, and handling events.
Content includes variety shows and sports.
Content includes vocabulary, grammar, comparing, opposing, cause and consequence.
Content includes website update information.
Content includes what technical aspects are included for the intended audience.
Content includes women and minorities as well as ethnocultural factors.
Content includes youth-related conferences, seminars, events.
Content includes, best times, meet results, upcoming track and field events, etc.
Content includes, for example, stories, story layout and other items displayed on the site.
Content includes, graphics, text, and navigation.
Content includes, history of the association, photo gallery, news and features.
Content includes, news, events, discussion forum and links.
Content incorporates theories of conflict and the application of effective conflict management.
Content Increase the content and information on the site.
Content indicates a thorough comprehension of the material.
Content indicates good understanding of the material.
Content indicates the person who provided or is responsible for the content of the page.
Content influences the children s motivation Children are curious.
Content integrates our physical, psychological, social and spiritual selves.
Content Investigate the content of any potential distance education programs.
Content is - content.
Content is a big issue here.
Content is a bigger issue than length.
Content is a broad term, with broad implications.
Content is a collection
Content is a combination of text, references, and streaming video and audio.
Content is a company s Internet presence.
Content is a condenced version of the Boating course.
Content is a critical factor in the development of the market for broadband services.
Content is a glimpse of something, an encounter like a flash.
Content is a great way to start the sales process.
Content is a little old and updated infrequently.
Content is a lot like software.
Content is a novel.
Content is a partial listing.
Content is a particular type of information that is meant to be understood by the user.
Content is a problem as it is very much geared towards politically aware users.
Content is a still-life without that artistry.
Content is a value-added tool.
Content is a verb, a continuing process.
Content is a very, very tiny part of a work of art.
Content is a wonderful thing, and becoming disturbingly rare.
Content is abundant and usage plans are all unlimited now.
Content is accessible on several level of complexity, depending on the individual reader's needs.
Content is accurate and authentication is provided.
Content is accurate and objective, with a minority of bias.
Content is accurate.
Content is activity.
Content is added daily and existing information is updated based on feedback from site visitors.
Content is added daily.
Content is added every day, so please visit often and have a blast exploring the site.
Content is added on a near-daily basis.
Content is added on a weekly basis.
Content is added on occasion.
Content is added throughout the year.
Content is added to the site on a weekly basis, with several new features in development.
Content is adjusted.
Content is adult material intended for a mature audience.
Content is age and grade appropriate.
Content is age-appropriate.
Content is aggregated into a single site which is visited by a Web user.
Content is aimed at a mature audience.
Content is aimed at advanced users.
Content is aimed at buyers, sellers and realtors.
Content is aimed at journalists and researchers.
Content is all data between the start tag and end tag of an element.
Content is all original and therefore makes the site unique.
Content is all that matters, and there isn t much form, which is both good and bad.
Content is also appropriate for other professionals and patients.
Content is also available for pre-service training of students in schools of social work.
Content is also behind the times.
Content is also essential.
Content is also important the company.
Content is also very important.
Content is also vitally important.
Content is always available, and is consistent.
Content is always changing, so a visual check of the web site is still important.
Content is always in a usable and reusable form, minimizing content updating effort.
Content is always lively and discussions are kept crisp.
Content is always more important than form.
Content is always of the highest quality.
Content is always three months late and often unusable when it finally arrives.
Content is always updated, chat available, plus there is a trove of resources.
Content is amazing, and commentary is informative.
Content is American.
Content is an idea that wants to change the world.
Content is analyzed and organized so that clear concise navigation can be designed for the site.
Content is analyzed and organized so that clear navigation can be designed into the site.
Content is anathema.
Content is another major factor.
Content is another very important word.
Content is anything on the page itself, typically, though it refers to the text contents.
Content is appropriate for all subject areas.
Content is appropriate for non-nursing majors.
Content is appropriate for objectives.
Content is appropriate for persons whose career plans involve employee management.
Content is appropriate for pre-k to third grad learners.
Content is appropriate for pre-K to third grade learners.
Content is appropriate for the assignment.
Content is appropriate for the intended audience.
Content is appropriate for undergraduate and masters level nursing students and practicing nurses.
Content is appropriate to grade levels for which it is intended.
Content is appropriate to student outcomes and grade level.
Content is appropriate, interesting and informative.
Content is appropriate, professional and accurate.
Content is approved, rejected or referred back to the author with comments.
Content is approved.
Content is arbitrary.
Content is archived by category in order to be reused easily.
Content is archived for future reference.
Content is arranged by age, with five separate ranges from birth to five years old.
Content is arranged by institutional exchange program.
Content is arranged by science topic.
Content is arranged by subject.
Content is arranged in a purposeful order.
Content is arranged in purposeful and effective order.
Content is arranged to facilitate ease of access to resources.
Content is arranged to suit individual needs of students.
Content is as crucial.
Content is as described above.
Content is as fine as ever.
Content is as provided by advertiser.
Content is assembled by volunteers who contribute it.
Content is at the discretion of the editors.
Content is authenticated by primary data sources.
Content is authored by various officers and committees.
Content is auto updated daily that lude galleries that feature amateur and teen pics.
Content is automatically updated daily.
Content is available free of charge through linking or through paid licensing.
Content is available in a .txt text file format.
Content is available in a free weekly newsletter.
Content is available in both stand-alone kiosk version and desktop version.
Content is available in English, French, and German.
Content is available in English, German, French and Italian.
Content is available in HTML format.
Content is available in several languages.
Content is available in Spanish as well as English and French.
Content is available in Spanish.
Content is available through print subscription.
Content is based on a job study analysis of professionals in the specialty.
Content is based on current information provided by each facility.
Content is based on current research.
Content is based on existing editorial standards concerning written and graphic content.
Content is based on innovation.
Content is based on input from employers and exemplary workers in the welding industry.
Content is based on interviews, research and strategic positioning goals set by the presenter.
Content is based on student needs and interests and courses related to doctorate program.
Content is based on student needs and interests.
Content is based on theories, models and concepts from the behavioural sciences.
Content is based upon or adapted from original documents in diary, letter, or essay form.
Content is based upon the latest research.
Content is basic.
Content is basically text, graphics, audio and visual information.
Content is being added every day, so please check back soon.
Content is better than cute anyday, so keep that in mind.
Content is billed on a monthly basis.
Content is 'bitchin' here.
Content is both informative and well-organized.
Content is both national and international in flavor.
Content is both unified and coherent.
Content is broad, from shopping and travelling, to entertainment and health.
Content is by far the most important barometer.
Content is by far the most important element on any web page.
Content is by far the most important.
Content is by legal and community policy the sole province of the discussions' sponsoring groups.
Content is causal.
Content is changed and refreshed regularly.
Content is changed daily to reflect changes in pricing, inventory, and availability.
Content is changed or added to frequently on an irregular basis.
Content is checked on a regular basis and new information is added daily.
Content is checked to ensure that it is college level and complies with transfer credit policies.
Content is chiefly American and English.
Content is clear and balanced.
Content is clear, information is correct, and required questions are answered.
Content is clearly one of our competitive advantages.
Content is cognition.
Content is collaboration.
Content is collections.
Content is complete, but paraphrasing or summarizing is weak.
Content is completely at the site's discretion.
Content is comprehensive and useful.
Content is compressed to play over constrained bandwidth networks using codecs.
Content is concise and competent.
Content is consciously manipulable, process reveals the true person.
Content is context.
Content is contributed by leading policy experts from think tanks, advocacy groups and government.
Content is contributed by science centers and museums worldwide and constantly changes.
Content is Contributors or M.A.Johnston.
Content is controlled solely by state paper editors.
Content is copyrighted unless otherwise stated.
Content is covered first in English and then repeated in Spanish.
Content is covered in depth with details and examples.
Content is covered the moment it is written or created.
Content is created and managed via a web browser and stored in XML format.
Content is created and organized so that clear navigation can be designed into the web site.
Content is created by the students as part of their course curriculum.
Content is created by users of Tanzania Online City Guides.
Content is created for the enhancement of opportunity.
Content is created from various specialty areas that collaborate to create information.
Content is created once and reused across multiple channels.
Content is created once, then transformed multiple times for a variety of purposes.
Content is creative and compelling.
Content is credible.
Content is critical, too.
Content is critical.
Content is crucial on the Internet.
Content is crucial, as is price, appearances are less so.
Content is crucial.
Content is current.
Content is currently a gaping hole at the two companies' fledging portals.
Content is currently available for entity types listed with links.
Content is customized to specific demographics and geographical and seasonal consumer patterns.
Content is customized to the particular software tool presented.
Content is dead, long live 'context'.
Content is dead.
Content is deemed to include text, pictures, and any other media incorporated herein.
Content is deemed to include text, pictures, sound, video and any other media incorporated herein.
Content is defined as the meaning, expression, significance, or aesthetic value of a work of art.
Content is delivered as text and HTML e-mail newsletters.
Some corporations mix both concepts.
Some corporations move cattle.
Some corporations never learn.
Some corporations provide links to other web sites that provide additional information to the user.
Some corporations provide their own inhouse security training with contract consultants.
Some corporations provide tuition reimbursement.
Some corporations raise cattle.
Some corporations reap in profits equaling more than the national budget of some poor nations.
Some corporations recruit law graduates into their management training programs.
Some corporations say the solution lies with biotechnology.
Some corporations scan outgoing e-mail for sensitive documents, while others monitor Web site use.
Some corporations seek to maximize their profit by reducing the quality of their products.
Some corporations sell bison.
Some corporations spend thousands of dollars every year purchasing preprinted forms.
Some corporations still operate that way, but they are regarded as dinosaurs.
Some corporations support colonies.
Some corporations support former colonies.
Some corporations support former west african colonies.
Some corporations support west african colonies.
Some corporations use materials.
Some corporations use recycle materials.
Some corporations wish to outsource all of their immigration matters to one firm.
A corporatism is control
Corporatism is fascism with a human face.
Corporatism is really nothing more than corporate communism.
Corporatist mentality rules the university.
A corporatist is an advocate
Corporatists put profit first and sovereignty last.
Corporative training offers programs in a number of forms.
Corporatized media is bland, fearful, profit-centered.
Any corporeal creature can imbibe a potion.
Any corporeal creature can use an oil.
Corporeal property is that which can be perceived and is tangible.
All corporeal properties are reducible to modes of local motion.
Corporeal things are either movable or immovable.
Corporeal vision is a supernatural manifestation of an object to the eyes of the body.
Corps commanders can similarly reach division commanders, who can reach their maneuver commanders.
Corps is a force
Corps is bodies.
Corps ordonn de nombres r els.
Corps plan and conduct major operations and battles.
Corpses are a ready source of nourishment for young werewolves.
Corpses are more fit to be cast out than dung.
Corpses come alive on a Caribbean island.
Corpses form the foundation of their relationship.
Corpses is the one.
Corpses look pale too, though.
A corpse is a body
Corpses are brittle.
Corpses are commerce.
Corpses are located in funerals.
Corpses are located in graves.
Corpses are located in war.
Corpses are more fit to be cast out than dung.
Corpses are more fit to be thrown away than dung.
Corpses are organic matter.
Corpses can get freezer burn.
Corpses come alive on a Caribbean island.
Corpses now decay much more quickly when they are empty.
Corpses rot live to die.
Corpses walk the streets in search of the living.
Corptax experience is a plus.
Corpulence is a property
Corpulence makes a man reasonable, pleasant and phlegmatic.
Corpus callosotomy can also keep seizures from spreading to other areas of the brain.
A corpus is a collection
Corpus isa entity.
Corpus loves to play on specialty teams.
Corpus refers to the haunting assemblage of figures and crosses on the cemetery grounds.
Corpus secretes significant amounts of progesterone .
Corpuses are collections.
Corpuses are conceptual work.
Corpuses are part of body parts.
Corpuses are parts.
A corpuscle is a material
Corpuscles have a variety of different functions.
Corral Creek is a top example.
Corral Creek is located in the Scout Mountain area.
Corral posts delineate the lanes at the bottoms of our chairlifts .
Corral traps are the most effective type of trap for catching large groups of pigs.
Corral traps require more setup time than box and cage traps.
Corral traps require more setup time, but the potential capture rates are much higher.
A corral is a pen
Corrals are also available for riders bringing in their own mounts.
Corrals are available for horses.
Corrals are available.
Corrals are new.
Corrals are pens.
Corrals are straight ahead and beside the creek.
Corrales has a much better punch.
Corrales is angry about two situations that have occurred in the past year.
Corrales is such a freak of nature as a jr. lightweight.
Corrales is too easy to hit.
Corrales is too much of a stand up fighter and easier to hit.
Corrales takes a better punch and is stronger.
Corralloid roots are formed soon after the primary root.
Corrasable paper is unacceptable.
Correct action bears fruits unimaginable in quantity and quality.
Correct alignment is absolutely essential for satisfactory pump life.
Correct alignment is critical for optical quality.
Correct alignment is stressed throughout class.
Correct answer gets extra credit.
Correct answer is in blue , number of correct responses is in bold italics.
Correct answer means wisdom.
Correct answers allow students to move and to collect all five artifacts.
Correct answers appear here.
Correct answers appear in bold.
Correct answers appear in red.
Correct answers are accumulative over the three rounds.
Correct answers are available at the end of the test.
Correct answers are available for each question.
Correct answers are below.
Correct answers are important, but complete answers and all intermediate steps are more important.
Correct answers are important, but valid reasoning is even more important.
Correct answers are in red .
Correct answers are in red, underlined in the multiple choice ones.
Correct answers are in red.
Correct answers connect the celebrity to another well-known cultural icon in six moves.
Correct answers continue the story.
Correct answers count as singles, doubles, and homeruns.
Correct answers earn money, incorrect answers lose money.
Correct answers earn points, and play passes to the next team.
Correct answers follow the quiz.
Correct answers follow.
Correct answers form a design.
Correct answers gain points and winning teams get higher marks.
Correct answers gain the player one space ahead, or a jump to another color or place.
Correct answers help to reveal a picture.
Correct answers lead to keys, which can be used to unlock doors behind which clues can be found.
Correct answers lead to the capture of a renegade depicted as a colorful character.
Correct answers move the boat forward.
Correct answers pick a route through a maze.
Correct answers produce hits that lead to runs.
Correct answers progress the contestant towards their quota.
Correct answers provide pieces of a puzzle.
Correct answers qualify children to move on to a new set of challenging words.
Correct answers require experience and experience invariably involves incorrect answers.
Correct answers result in a single, double, triple or home run, depending on difficulty level.
Correct answers result in significant bonus points added to the total score.
Correct answers result in the accumulation of money.
Correct answers score a basket.
Correct answers score the number of people who provided that answer.
Correct answers show a basketball player making baskets.
Correct answers tend to be much longer or much shorter than incorrect answers.
Correct answers win points, wrong answers lose points.
All correct answers are A as shown here.
All correct answers are the second choice.
All correct answers are very short.
All correct answers go into the drawing for the grand prize.
Every correct answer earns the player points.
Every correct answer gives a player a chance at the money wheel.
Every correct answer has a point value.
Every correct answer is rewarded with a sound.
Every correct answer is worth one point.
Every correct answer reveals a piece of a hidden picture.
Every correct answer reveals on piece of the puzzle.
Most correct answers win.
Correct application is essential to avoid potential problems.
Correct application is important.
Correct application is vital for product effectiveness.
Correct application requires a full understanding of the materials.
Correct application takes time.
Correct approaches are necessary to move the peace process forward.
Correct autotomy is thought to be required for posterior regeneration.
Correct balance is where it begins.
Correct behavior is to leave it there.
Correct belief is also non-sectarian.
Correct belief is insufficient, however.
Correct billing is one example for such a common requirement.
Correct breath comes out warm and gently.
Correct breathing can also be of benefit in other fields such as singing, dance and speaking.
Correct breathing engages the diaphragm.
Correct breathing establishes an equilibrium between positive and negative currents.
Correct breathing is a rather complicated process.
Correct breathing is also a vital part of yoga.
Correct breathing is an integral part of yoga and useful for stress reduction too.
Correct breathing is essential.
Correct breathing is practiced and observed before meditation and asanas.
Correct calibration is of utmost importance.
Correct caller wins daily prize.
Correct care is paramount.
Correct care pays off in better looking rhododendrons and azaleas.
Correct change is appreciated.
Correct change is required.
Correct choice earns the card, and the player with the most cards wins.
Correct choices help ensure the long-term growth, regeneration and health of the forest.
Correct choices make it into the pocket.
All correct choices are available as alternatives on the screen.
Correct citations are necessary.
Correct classification is fundamental if the right treatment is to be implemented.
Correct code using mkstemp includes the source to ed or mail .
Correct cognition is based on direct perception, valid inference and verbal testimony.
Correct color is near black.
Correct colors depend on good lighting.
Correct computation is a critical factor in designing models and in purchasing materials.
Correct concentration is crucial.
Correct conformation goes a long way in preserving soundness in any discipline.
Correct conformation is of more importance than colour or other purely 'beauty' points.
Correct conformation is of more importance than colour or purely 'beauty' points.
Correct conformity is proven by completing the correct check list.
Correct course is easy to de- termine.
Correct course is easy to determine.
Correct cover enables the two materials to bond and work together.
Correct dates are below.
Correct dates are key to successful telefiled reports.
Correct data is essential to most modern businesses.
Correct data is put in the queue for processing by the list managers in the next update.
Correct data is written in order to the output file.
Correct delegation is their key to success.
Correct design is crucial to settling basins operating effectively.
Correct designation is critical.
Correct diagnosis begins with awareness of the signs discussed above.
Correct diagnosis can prevent progressive deformity.
Correct diagnosis is as important to good economic policy as it is to effective medical treatment.
Correct diagnosis is crucial.
Correct diagnosis is essential for effective pest and disease control.
Correct diagnosis is essential in responding to crises in the dry lands of the world.
Correct diagnosis is essential to appropriate treatment.
Correct diagnosis is imperative if the treatment is to be of value.
Correct diagnosis is important using appropriate blood tests and imaging studies.
Correct diagnosis is important.
Correct diagnosis is more important than ongoing care.
Correct diagnosis is the key to optimal treatment of neuromuscular diseases.
Correct diagnosis is the primary challenge to the physician.
Correct diagnosis is thus extremely difficult but critical.
Correct diagnosis is vital.
Correct diagnosis remains the primary foundation for developing a rational treatment plan.
Correct doctrine is important, very important.
Correct doctrine is in keeping with that of the apostles.
Correct dosage is also key.
Correct dosage is based on several factors.
Correct education is the foundation of when to suspect either entity.
Correct encoding requires the start of the tracks to be encoded correctly.
Correct entries are eligible for a prize drawing.
Correct enunciation is vital if a child is to learn how to spell by syllables.
Correct estimates are difficult because of the nomadic lifestyle they live.
Correct exercise is requisite to successful pain relief and pain control.
Correct explanations include facts.
Correct exposure is admittedly, a little trickier with backlit subjects.
Correct exposure is also a contributing factor as to the look and quality of an image.
Correct exposure is also much more critical with color slide films.
Correct exposure is tested by acquiring the image and inspoecting the histogram.
Correct fees are the responsibility of the entering school.
Correct filing is vital to prompt service of process.
Correct fit is critical.
Correct fit is essential to ensure adequate protection.
Correct fit is essential to obtain adequate protection.
Correct fit is essential.
Correct fit is very important.
Correct fitting is also very important.
Correct fluid is determined by the type of gear being used.
Correct form allows the muscles to work most effectively.
Correct form is especially important in karate.
Correct form is imperative.
Correct formula is used.
Correct grammar is always a good idea.
Correct grammar is essential.
Correct grammar is just as valuable as correct spelling.
Correct grammar is modeled by the teachers.
Correct grammar is required.
Correct grammar is stressed with emphasis on verbs.
Correct grounding is important.
Correct guesses allow the player to get rid of the relevant passenger card.
Correct guesses appear in the text box to the right.
Most correct guesses win.
Correct guessers get points, incorrect guessers get nothing.
Correct guidance is an unavoidable requisite in the path of Yoga.
Correct heat is important in making risotto.
Correct hyphenation is one of the trickiest and most time-consuming tasks a writer or editor faces.
Correct ideas are immortal.
Correct identification allows the correct control measures for the specific insect.
Correct identification can be difficult.
Correct identification is critical to developing a control strategy.
Correct identification is crucial.
Correct identification is fundamental to weed management.
Correct identification is important for the doctor to execute remedial measures.
Correct identification is important.
Correct identification is the essential first step for any weed control program.
Correct identification is the first step when a nematode problem is suspected.
Correct identification is the key to find other information.
Correct identification requires close inspection of the winglike valves surrounding the achene.
Correct identifications can be tricky.
Correct indentation is absolutely essential here.
Correct inflation is crucial .
Correct information allows for clear, concise and honest answers.
Correct information is displayed for underfilled positions.
Correct information is essential for good co-ordination of care.
Correct information is the key to successful dispatch operations.
More correct information is better than less incorrect information.
Correct installation can be very difficult.
Correct installation ensures proper positioning of the light source.
Correct installation is crucial.
Correct installation is essential for proper function of the seat.
Correct instruction is a command of the hour.
Correct instructions are just as important as having a good design.
Correct interpretation requires understanding of the data collection methodology.
Correct inversion is unlikely to appear.
Correct joints is the key.
Correct language leads to no misinterpretations and is essential in getting the true meaning across.
Correct laws have to demand the same.
Correct legs produce stable movement, with the horse staying balanced in all gaits.
Correct letters appear in black.
Correct letters are black, incorrect letters are red.
Correct light is important for proper plant growth.
Correct lighting is a necessity for good video shoots.
Correct lighting is as important as a low vision aid.
Correct lighting is important for subsequent digitization of recorded images.
Correct limits allow the user to separate probable noise from potential signals.
Correct line is above.
Correct maintenance is important.
Correct management can enhance the value of a resource over time.
Correct marketing is essential for a business to grow and expand.
Correct matches generate an animated sequence of the real-life reaction.
Correct matches make the tiles disappear.
Correct measurements contribute to successful recipes.
Correct measurements rely on the knowledge of the velocity of the atoms.
Correct meditation takes place through that clot.
Correct metadata is the key to a good data warehouse implementation.
Correct methods are important, but they are no substitute for prayer.
Correct moisture is critical for healthy, thriving plants.
Correct moisture is required for good feed.
Correct motion is simply a scull.
Correct movement is essential.
Correct neutralisation makes a world of difference.
Correct notation is important.
Correct nourishment is essential.
Correct observation is that more than one body is present.
Correct operation is dependent on the user's application and the underlying database.
Correct operation is verified by an audible click and a flashing light.
Correct operation is verified by an audible click and flashing light with each pulse.
Correct operation is verified by an audible click with each pulse.
Correct operation requires that all components illustrated in the overview be operating correctly.
Correct orientation seems to require input from both eyes via the tectums on each side of the brain.
Correct oscillator nulling is very important for full control voltage range.
Correct output is obtained for all nonerroneous inputs and for likely errors.
Correct output is obtained for all possible inputs.
Correct output is obtained for at least one test case.
Correct output is obtained for difficult test cases.
Correct output is obtained for typical test cases.
Correct placement allows a wafer carrier to sit properly on a load port, enabling wafer processing.
Correct placement allows the sleeve to move back and forth freely.
Correct placement is a key to the successful study of mathematics.
Correct placement is essential for success in language courses.
Correct placement puts the brick into the wall, errors return the brick to the beginning.
Correct planting takes more effort than sim-ply digging a hole and dropping in the plant.
Correct position is natural, easy, and relaxed.
Correct postage is determined by weight and size.
Correct posture does wonders for sore backs.
Correct posture encourages abdominal breathing, while slouching prevents belly breathing.
Correct posture is critical as is stretching to reduce repetitive strain injuries.
Correct posture is essential to every exercise.
Correct posture is important.
Correct posture is one of the keys to a sound golf swing.
Correct posture is one way.
Correct posture is the first place to focus attention for the breath.
Correct posture is very important for minimizing stress.
Correct posture is very important.
Correct practice involves the refutation of slander.
Correct practice is necessary.
Correct practice makes perfect.
Correct praise requires effort.
Correct preparation Trying to compost without a shredder is like a chef without a mixmaster.
Correct prescription is crucial if the patient is to receive the best possible pain relief.
Correct pressure gives longer wear.
Correct pricing is a business decision, best made by venue operators and event promoters.
Correct pricing is the necessary foundation for all the other marketing procedures.
Correct printing can also be a problem for certain users.
Correct printing is easy to accomplish.
Correct process isolates the template and stores it into a internal data base.
All correct processes do decide on the same value.
Correct programming is only part of a programmer's job.
Correct pronunciation is emphasized.
Correct pronunciation is essential.
Correct pronunciation is reinforced with classroom practice and the home use of a cassette tape.
Correct pronunciation is very important.
Correct proportion is of primary importance, as long as size is within the standard' s range.
Correct punctuation is essential in non-defining relative clauses.
Correct punctuation is necessary .
Correct punctuation is necessary to the meaning of sentence.
Correct punctuation serves as a good guide for reading the poem aloud.
Correct references are the responsibility of the authors.
Correct representations require good model building techniques as well as good software tools.
Correct response are in green .
Correct responses create a score and animation of a basketball goal being made.
Correct responses earn rail farecards that are used to travel from one area to the next.
Correct responses leave the label on the structure until another term is selected for study.
Correct responses link to a full composition.
Correct rhythm means more than dance-like movements.
Correct selection is imperative for optimum machine performance.
Correct selection produces a graphic and heaps of positive reinforcement.
Correct servers remain alive and follow their specification.
Correct shoes can help.
Correct shoes seem to be the bane of most re-enactors.
Correct size is essential, especially for young operators.
Correct size is important.
Correct solutions become a part of the drawing for a grand prize.
Correct solutions receive points according to the degree of difficulty.
Correct spelling is also very important.
Correct spelling is esential.
Correct spelling is essential.
Many courts lack funds for legal texts and other basic resources.
Many courts look to see if the activity is potentially criminal.
Many courts now have programs in which court staff help pro se litigants complete forms.
Many courts now make it relatively easy for people to handle the whole process without a lawyer.
Many courts offer mediation as a free, pre-filing court service.
Many courts refuse to try a custody dispute twice.
Many courts require a standard supervision period of at least six months.
Many courts require settlement statements from the parties.
Many courts require that a wage withholding order be prepared at the time of divorce.
Many courts routinely require additional disclosure in the scheduling order.
Many courts schedule meetings of creditors at various locations in the district.
Many courts use pro tem judges because there are too many cases for the regular judges to handle.
Most courts allow home study programs.
Most courts also allow it to protect against kidnapping and forcible rape .
Most courts appoint administrators.
Most courts appoint people.
Most courts appoint personal representatives.
Most courts appoint representatives.
Most courts are lighted and professional instruction is available at many properties.
Most courts are organized and have tennis clinics as well as tournaments.
Most courts are simply unable to make it work.
Most courts award even less.
Most courts can make temporary custody decisions, although many courts are very reluctant to do so.
Most courts charge a per-page fee for access to docket sheets and other case information.
Most courts conduct decisions.
Most courts consider circumstances.
Most courts consider the last justification to be the most important.
Most courts consist of chief judges.
Most courts consist of judges.
Most courts determine tests.
Most courts determine trials.
Most courts do so on the basis that deportation is a collateral consequence.
Most courts facilitate our combined search.
Most courts fall somewhere in between.
Most courts feature a containing barrier and banking wall behind the holes area.
Most courts find circumstances.
Most courts find cost.
Most courts find evidence.
Most courts find key witnesses.
Most courts find policy.
Most courts find sufficient evidence.
Most courts find witnesses.
Most courts focus on issues.
Most courts further limit that single cause of action by holding it to be indivisible.
Most courts get answers.
Most courts get wrong answers.
Most courts give consideration.
Most courts have a list of newly-filed bankruptcies available on the Web.
Most courts have a program to try to help people reach agreement.
Most courts have acceptable nets, but no boundary lines.
Most courts have administrative authority.
Most courts have authority.
Most courts have both civil and criminal jurisdiction.
Most courts have local administrative authority.
Most courts have local authority.
Most courts have some local rules.
Most courts have special procedural rules concerning divorce and ancillary matters.
Most courts have tennis clinics as well as tournaments.
Most courts hear citizens.
Most courts hear witnesses.
Most courts insist that parents attend a program on the effects of divorce on children.
Most courts keep track of cases by numbering the cases on sheets outside the courtroom.
Most courts limit the effect of limited warranties to repairs.
Most courts maintain offices.
Most courts make concessions.
Most courts make decisions.
Most courts make observations.
Most courts offer protection.
Most courts presume that the decedent had testamentary capacity.
Most courts provide information.
Most courts publish documents.
Most courts publish entire documents.
Most courts reach decisions.
Most courts recognize that they have a duty to treat pro se litigants with special consideration.
Most courts recognize types.
Most courts rely on methodologies.
Most courts require an evidentiary hearing regarding the financial assets of the defendant.
Most courts require completion of a court training session before granting a pin number.
Most courts require people.
Most courts require personal representatives.
Most courts require representatives.
Most courts require that the forms be printed out on a laser printer.
Most courts require the parties to try mediation before they are set for trial.
Most courts schedule cases for the following two weeks.
Most courts strictly impose deadlines in favor of the doctor and hospital and against the patient.
Most courts supply both felony and misdemeanor records, but few only offer felony records.
Most courts take actions.
Most courts take notice.
Most courts treat scholarships as contracts, with obligations and rights assigned to both parties.
Most courts try, however, to fit new reproductive technologies into old laws.
Most courts uphold it.
Most courts use cases.
Most courts use one of two techniques.
Most courts willconsider first the amount of the work used.
Some court fights concern emotional issues rather than money.
Some courts allow employees to discuss future plans with coworkers.
Some courts allow for a proxy to speak for a victim.
Some courts allow the motions to be filed without payment of court costs.
Some courts already think so.
Some courts also have 'in person kits' available for applicants.
Some courts also sponsor mediation programs.
Some courts analyze the issue as a constitutionally protected right to travel issue.
Some courts apparently apply less stringent ripeness analyses to takings claims.
Some courts apparently interpret it to accord near total discretion to agencies.
Some courts apply the causation test more leniently than others.
Some courts are floodlit for evening play.
Some courts are fussy about which typeface is used in typing up the forms.
Some courts are higher and can change a decision made by a lower court.
Some courts are limited to a maximum dollar amount.
Some courts are more enlightened than others.
Some courts are notoriously anti-Indian.
Some courts ask the plaintiff to sign a form motion asking the court to dismiss the case.
Some courts assign volunteer lawyers to attempt to mediate or settle the dispute.
Some courts attempt to justify the practice with circular reasoning.
Some courts award besides half of other holidays also.
Some courts change opinions after issuance.
Some courts charge small fees for copies of public record documents.
Some courts consider negligence within products liability claims.
Some courts consider the number of times a state's residents actually access a Web site.
Some courts consider totality.
Some courts continue to decide such cases under negligence principles, however.
Some courts deal primarily in divorce.
Some courts deal with issues of security within their emergency planning committees.
Some courts develop doctrines.
Some courts develop fair use doctrines.
Some courts do recognize fathers' rights when both parents are reasonable.
Some courts employ court commissioners to ease the judges' caseload.
Some courts even have classes that are mandatory for all divorcing parents.
Some courts even receive funding by a combination of state and county budgets.
Some courts examine the nature of the ownership while others consider the use of the land.
Some courts favor landowner when item is embedded in soil.
Some courts find amounts.
Some courts find benefits.
Some courts find children.
Some courts find existence.
Some courts find identities.
Some courts find inadequate amounts.
Some courts find looking solely at dollar amounts for costs of labor and parts inadequate.
Some courts find markets.
Some courts find power.
Some courts go so far as to require suffering of physical distress by the plaintiff as well.
Some courts have a calendar call to determine readiness for trial.
Some courts have extra access fees.
Some courts have information.
Some courts have special citation rules for appellate briefs and court opinions.
Some courts have specific community service programs lined up for particular crimes.
Some courts have their daily lists on-line.
Some courts hold that a statutory violation presents a prima facie presumption of negligence.
Some courts increase bonds.
Some courts interpret broadly, some narrowly.
Some courts issue tentative rulings on motions in advance of the motion hearing.
Some courts limit recovery to personal injuries.
Some courts mandate arbitration in certain cases.
Some courts now accept statistical probability of harm in lieu of causal evidence in toxic cases.
Some courts now treat the affirming of death sentences as routine.
Some courts only accept payments by money order or cashier's check .
Some courts operate bulletin boards where users can dial in and get slip opinions etc.
Some courts place tight limits on how long such hearings can last.
Some courts prohibit citation to unpublished or vacated decisions in briefs.
Some courts provide advisors to explain procedures and prepare claims.
Some courts provide conditions.
Some courts provide examples.
Some courts provide protection.
Some courts purchase ready-made solutions.
Some courts reduce charge.
Some courts reduce murder charge.
Some courts require a verification form to be filed with the creditor address matrix.
Some courts require agencies.
Some courts require litigants to use mediation in what are known as mandatory mediation programs.
Some courts require plaintiff to prove the product defect with particularity.
Some courts require that each document include the bar number of the attorney who signs it.
Some courts require that the consumer give the seller the right to resolve the problem.
Some courts require the parties to sign a written consent form.
Some courts seek to intentions.
Some courts seem to require such testimony.
Some courts seem to say yes.
Some courts still award it.
Some courts take a stricter approach to pleading.
Some courts try to promote nearby shopping and dining spots.
Some courts use electronic imaging, converting paper files to electronic ones.
Some courts view admissions as the equivalent of sworn testimony.
Some courts weigh the community standard as only one factor amongst many in evidence.
Courteous behavior creates an atmosphere which tends to encourage others to be courte- ous.
Courteous behavior is appropriate at all times.
Courteous clerks are in attendance.
Courteous mail is more effective.
Courteous parents have a head-start successfully controlling their children.
Courteous servers provide a friendly atmosphere with delicious food.
Courteous staff extend to all passengers the warm hospitality of the islands.
Courteous waiters review the orders and deliver the items to the table in a matter of minutes.
Courtesy copy is optional.
Courtesy phone is available on the lower level.
Courtesy phones are also available on each floor of the hospital.
Courtesy phones are another innovative idea.
Courtesy phones are at all airline terminals for passengers to request the service.
Courtesy phones are available across from the Baggage Claim area - Look for red booths.
Courtesy phones are available and located near all labs.
Courtesy phones are available at the airport to make hotel shuttle transportation arrangements.
Courtesy phones are available at the 'Ground Transportation Desk'.
Courtesy phones are available at the hotel shuttle transportation area near baggage claim.
Courtesy phones are available for local and credit card calls.
Courtesy phones are available for response to messages.
Courtesy phones are available in the baggage claim area.
Courtesy phones are available in the Baggage Claim area.
Courtesy phones are available in the baggage claim areas for reservations.
Courtesy phones are available in the lobby for patients to call for limousine, taxi, or car service.
Courtesy phones are available in the shuttle transportation area.
Courtesy phones are available on the ground floor.
Courtesy runners are illegal.
Courtesy telephones are available at various locations for student use.
Courtesy titles is another area where careful usage is required.
Courtesy titles tend to survive more in general usage.
Courtesy afterwards makes it all okay again most of the time.
Courtesy calls on back orders.
Courtesy calls on local leather columnists.
Courtesy calls to monitor client's well-being.
Courtesy characterizes Christian conversation.
Courtesy costs nothing, yet buys things that are priceless.
Courtesy encourages cooperative, safe use of the road.
Courtesy encourages co-operative, safe use of the road.
Courtesy extends beyond the content of the interview.
Courtesy goes a long way, too.
Courtesy goes a long way.
Courtesy goes a very long way.
Courtesy goes beyond strict laws and regulations.
Courtesy implies ease of navigation, no broken links, load speed, good spelling and syntax.
Courtesy involves politeness, respect, consideration and friendliness of contact personnel.
Courtesy involves the politeness, respect, friendliness, and consideration of contact personnel.
Courtesy is civility
Courtesy is good business.
Courtesy is in.
Courtesy is indispensable to discipline and good order.
Courtesy is like swing dancing.
Courtesy is manners.
Courtesy is of great importance.
Courtesy is paramount.
Courtesy is politeness.
Courtesy is remarks.
Courtesy is there way of life.
Courtesy isa action.
Courtesy makes work more efficient, pleasant and meaningful.
Courtesy means acting with respect and honoring the other person's values and beliefs.
Courtesy means being thoughtful, respectful and polite.
Courtesy pays off.
Courtesy requires basic technical competence.
Courtesy ride to ferry.
Courtesy rides home for residents.
Courtesy rides to and from favorite hiking trails.
Courtesy runs in our blood.
Courtesy works like that in business.
Every courtesy is extended to ensure that all enjoy a memorable time.
Courthouse Rock is the bald dome at far left.
A courthouse is a government building
Courthouse is on left at top of hill.
Courthouse is on left just before intersection.
Courthouse is on left next block.
Courthouse is on left.
Courthouse is on right.
Courthouse is on the left just before the intersection.
Courthouse is on the left past the next light.
Courthouse is on The left past the next light.
Courthouse is on the left, opposite park.
Courthouse is on the left, parking is in the rear.
Courthouse is on the left.
Courthouse is on the right corner.
Courthouse is on the right.
Courthouse is on the upper level of the first building on the right.
Courthouse lists the dead from the last war.
Courthouses also are the common location for accessing records and filing important documents.
Courthouses are daytime buildings.
Courthouses are extraordinarily active and inherently dramatic places.
Courthouses are government buildings.
Courthouses are houses.
Courthouses are legacies bestowed by previous generations.
Courthouses are located in capital cities.
Courthouses are located in cities.
Courthouses are located in towns.
Courthouses are often among the oldest buildings in town.
Courthouses are open during regular office hours.
Courthouses are used for judges.
Courthouses have a mystique all their own.
Courthouses have rooms.
All courthouses are done at the county level.
Every courthouse maintains volumes of important information for review.
Most courthouses are at the center of town.
Most courthouses are old.
Most courthouses charge a fee for researching and copying certified records.
Most courthouses have a law library that is run by the county government and is open to the public.
Most courthouses have a program available for use.
Most courthouses have packages which include all the forms and easy to understand instructions.
Most courthouses have records on computer going back at least several years.
Some courthouses also have offices for the prosecutor and prosecutor's assistants.
Some courthouses have evening and weekend hours.
Some courthouses have procedures that differ from other courthouses.
A courtier is an attendant
Courtier isa attendant.
Courtiers appear in black monks' gowns with miners' head lamps.
Courtiers are attendants.
Courtiers are unlanded characters .
Courtiers have (part) arms.
Courtiers have (part) body substances.
Courtiers have (part) cell membranes.
Courtiers have (part) cells.
Courtiers have (part) corpi.
Courtiers have (part) cytoplasm.
Courtiers have (part) heads.
Courtiers have (part) human bodies.
Courtiers have (part) legs.
Courtiers have (part) material bodies.
Courtiers have (part) necks.
Courtiers have (part) nuclei.
Courtiers have (part) personality.
Courtiers have (part) plasma membranes.
Courtiers have (part) sections.
Courtiers have (part) vacuoles.
Courtiers pair off as lovers, break apart, and pair again.
Courtiers win approval.
Courtiers sometimes travel great distances to their friends' Coronations.
Most courtiers win approval.
Courting are dating.
Courtroom drama is an overrated genre.
Courtroom dramas are tough to sustain, kid.
A courtroom is a room
Courtroom are frightening places.
Courtroom can use air conditioners to keep it cool.
Courtroom is designed to accommodate press, news media, reporters and radio broadcasting.
Courtrooms are a foreign country and they have their own language.
Courtrooms are air-conditioned.
Courtrooms are cool.
Courtrooms are formal settings.
Courtrooms are located in confessions.
Courtrooms are located in courthouses.
Courtrooms are located in maines.
Courtrooms are rooms.
Courtrooms are used for court tv.
Courtrooms are used for trials.
Courtrooms make strange bedfellows.
Courtrooms only allow one camera, yet have several points of interest.
Courtrooms require the placement of ramps.
All courtrooms are accessible to people who use wheelchairs.
Every courtroom is about an event in the past.
Most courtrooms are quite formal, with specific etiquette defining behaviors and opportunities.
Courts clerks are hard to reach.
Courtship behavior aids in survival because it leads to the creation of offspring.
Courtship behavior can be noisy and prolonged.
Courtship behavior can yield pulsed yelps.
Courtship behavior consists of actions that help animals find and choose suitable mates.
Courtship behavior includes feeding and mutual preening, displays of bowing, and wing movements.
Courtship behavior includes presentation.
Courtship behavior includes transfer of food, displays, and grooming between a pair of birds.
Courtship behavior intensifies.
Courtship behavior is an important part of mating.
Courtship behavior is described in the next section.
Courtship behavior is often complicated.
Courtship behavior is the behavior that males and females of a species carry out before mating.
Courtship behaviors are full of adaptors.
All courtship behavior is confined to the nest site.
Most courtship behavior includes presentation.
Some courtship behavior includes urine.
Some courtship behavior involves deposition.
Courtship behaviour involves interaction.
Some courtship dances take places.
Courtship displays are also varied.
Courtship displays are elaborate, and fighting with teeth and flippers is common.
Courtship displays are long elaborate and acrobatic.
Courtship displays are spectacular.
Courtship displays are used to synchronize breeding in colonies.
Courtship displays continue until a female physically contacts a displaying male in the water.
Courtship displays involve posturing by both the male and the female.
Courtship displays take place both below and above the water.
Courtship feeding is also common.
Courtship feeding is an important part of the preparation for mating.
Courtship feeding is performed by the female begging from the male.
Courtship feeding is seen in many gull and tern species.
Courtship feeding is used in reproduction.
Courtship feeding is when one member of the pair presents the other with food in a ritualized way.
Courtship feeding occurs more often in communal settings than in pairs.
Courtship feeding takes place in which the male feeds the female regurgitated food.
Courtship ritual is reminiscent of some exquisite dance.
Courtship rituals are important to ensure that both parties are ready.
Courtship rituals can include elaborate aerial displays, among other exercises.
Courtship rituals ensure that males and females are closer to each other.
Courtship rituals take place in every species.
Courtship rituals vary from species to species, but invariably involve calling.
Courtship rituals vary widely among species.
Courtship again shows how important vocalizations are for owls.
Courtship also involves head and snout rubbing and mounting by both males and females.
Courtship also offers practical benefits.
Courtship also triggers another behavior known as countersinging.
Courtship begins during the spring migration and continues on the breeding grounds.
Courtship begins in late winter.
Courtship begins in the fall and continues through winter and spring.
Courtship begins shortly after emergence in early spring.
Courtship begins shortly after the male establishes a territory.
Courtship begins soon after arrival of the species.
Courtship begins soon after bears leave their winter dens.
Courtship begins when a female encounters one or more males.
Courtship begins when males go out in search of receptive females.
Courtship begins with a color change of the birds' bill, face, legs, and skin.
Courtship begins with frequent, sudden, energetic chases of the female by the male.
Crystal Lake is also steep-walled.
Crystal Lake is approximately three miles long and about one mile in width.
Crystal Lake is known for it's natural beauty and abundant population of trout.
Crystal Lake is like finding a gold nugget.
Crystal Lake is oligotrophic and little production of food occurs in the upper waters.
Crystal Lake is one of the clearest lakes the world with sugar sand beaches.
Crystal Lake is the largest lake in the county and is dotted with many cottages.
Crystal lakes lie calmly at the feet of raw and mighty rockface, untamed after millions of years.
Crystal malt plays a prominent role in some examples.
Crystal mass is estimated from use of the mass dimension relation cited in the above reference.
Crystal meth is a trap.
Crystal meth is so lucrative.
Crystal meth is usually in powder form and can be in varying levels of purity.
Crystal meth is very addictive, leading to repeat offenders.
Crystal methamphetamine is the drug of choice among Philippines drug users.
Crystal model has to be varied as much as necessary to test as many models as applicable.
A crystal oscillator is an oscillator
Crystal oscillators are low cost and provide excellent stability.
Crystal oscillators are one of the fundamental building blocks of electronic systems.
Crystal oscillators are oscillators.
Crystal oscillators drift over time.
Crystal oscillators provide a simple solution for precise, stable, and calibration-free clocks.
Crystal Park has a new parking area with picnic tables and toilets.
Crystal Park is open for day use.
Crystal physics is based on physics, crystallography and mathematics.
Crystal radios are simple devices.
Crystal radios are solid state technology.
Crystal radios make for very good science fair projects.
Crystal River introduces a new line of chest waders and hip boots.
Crystal River is a hard driving traditional bluegrass band based in Orange, California.
Crystal River is a two-hour drive north of Tampa.
Crystal River is a world traveled poet and photographer.
Crystal River is financially secure, no question about it.
Crystal River is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Crystal River is one of the better places in the state to spot manatees.
Crystal River offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Crystal River offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Crystal salt has properties.
Most crystal salt has properties.
A crystal set is a radio
Crystal sets are a great tool for teaching, and a superb hobby.
Crystal sets are a great tool for teaching, and they are a superb hobby.
Crystal sets are radio receivers.
Crystal sets provide a step-wise introduction to electronics.
Crystal space is an open source internet project.
Crystal spheres move across the moonlit landscape like floating clouds.
Crystal structure affects mineral properties more than their chemical nature.
Crystal structure changes to accommodate the larger atoms.
Crystal structure depends on the conditions under which the mineral forms.
Crystal structures show evidence.
Crystal structures show little evidence.
Most crystal structures show evidence.
Most crystal structures show little evidence.
Some crystal structures affect physical properties.
Some crystal structures affect properties.
Some crystal structures are fcc, bcc, hcp and diamond.
Crystal twins are common.
Crystal water covers everything in blue.
Crystal acts as an oscillator, magnifying and transmitting pure tone.
Crystal acts as an ossilator, magnifying and transmitting pure tone.
Crystal are cubic.
Crystal are life forms and have a lot to say and share, they are communication devices.
Crystal are monoclinic.
Crystal are orthorhombic.
Crystal attends the Stone Mountain congregation.
Crystal begins by looking at the scale of the threat to minority languages.
Crystal binding to renal epithelail cells is increased in response to injury.
Crystal changes one form of energy into another.
Crystal comes together as silent as ink.
Crystal comes with a connectivity suite, which is an extensible framework.
Crystal considers it to be part of the wider field of discourse analysis.
Crystal consists of atoms.
Crystal consults privately to educational organizations.
Crystal controls properties.
Crystal creates leading edge data and text processing solutions and system utilities.
Crystal faces team with record-keepers .
Crystal floods the body with adrenaline-the same hormone that prepares it for emergencies.
Crystal forms the base coated with colored transparent glass red, blue or green.
Crystal glazes needs simple forms with sparse or no decoration.
Crystal goes to a light cranberry and then up to a rich cranberry at top.
Crystal goes with any color or out fit.
Crystal has corners.
Crystal has faces.
Crystal has flat surfaces.
Crystal has molecular structures.
Crystal has periodic structures.
Crystal has physical properties.
Crystal has properties.
Crystal has sharp corners.
Crystal has sides.
Crystal has structures.
Crystal has surfaces.
Crystal has symmetry.
Crystal has uniform physical properties.
Crystal intends to continue to grow rapidly and profitably well into the next century.
Crystal is a solid
Crystal is always a favorite and it lasts a lifetime and beyond.
Crystal is approx.
Crystal is components.
Crystal is everywhere from hats to handbags and everything in between.
Crystal is glassware.
Crystal is in a sixth grade class.
Crystal is in special educational classes and continues to make steady progress.
Crystal is inanimate objects.
Crystal is part of watchs.
Crystal is protective covering.
Crystal is rocks.
Crystal is solids.
Crystal is subtle.
Crystal is well behaved and well adjusted.
Crystal isa matter.
Crystal knows what it means to persevere.
Crystal lattices .
Crystal lives in Kentucky and suffers from brain stem encephalitis.
Crystal lives in Phoenix.
Crystal looks so amazing.
Crystal manages wealth for high net-worth individuals.
Crystal now support hierarchical reporting.
Crystal plans to study public policy and history in college.
Crystal processes commands from the standard input, one per line.
Crystal provides rack system wiring and testing.
Crystal refers to the shape of the crystals that make up the mineral.
Crystal reflects light.
Crystal reflects sunlight.
Crystal remains in foster care until then.
Crystal runs around three minutes.
Crystal sells eggnog in quart, pint and half-gallon containers.
Crystal settling causes low density minerals to sink to the bottom of plutons.
Crystal shares the stage generously and for good reason.
Crystal specimens to cabnet size are for sale.
Crystal stays in the body for about three to five days after use.
Crystal takes pride in giving attention to even the smallest detail.
Crystal uses guide lines and fields snap to the guidelines.
Crystal vases for division winners and sweatshirts for reserve champions.
Crystal vases, brass vases, fluted vases are some of the types of vases used for fresh flowers.
Crystals affect the sugar's texture.
Crystals also come with an aurora borealis finish.
Crystals also form in the ears and other relatively cool tissues.
Crystals also have generally small blotchy inclusions of calcite.
Crystals also occur in elongated , terminated prisms.
Crystals also precipitate as pH changes.
Crystals amplify and access all levels of mind, emotion, spirit, and body.
Crystals appear pure under the microscope.
Crystals are a fascinating subject.
Crystals are a mineral formation which have a unique property.
Crystals are a solid substance that have a geometrically shaped form.
Crystals are a tool and can be like a storage battery of thought energy.
Crystals are acicular or fibrous and form in tufts and encrustations.
Crystals are almost alive, in that they grow by reproducing themselves.
Crystals are already in hand for one novel carotenoid-binding protein.
Crystals are also transmitters of vibrational healing.
Crystals are an alternative method to manage stress.
Crystals are an amazing thing to see.
Crystals are an opportunity to apply math to real life objects.
Crystals are another common cure.
Crystals are attuned to the cycles of the earth and natural infra frequencies.
Crystals are available for evaluation.
Crystals are beautiful and entice positive energies into a home.
Crystals are beautiful things.
Crystals are beautiful wonders of nature.
Crystals are blood red and transparent when held to the light.
Crystals are brittle.
Crystals are commonly brilliant.
Crystals are commonly opaque but can be found translucent.
Crystals are commonly tetrahedral.
Crystals are commonly transparent and colorless.
Crystals are commonly up to an inch across, and sometimes to several inches.
Crystals are dark but rather small.
Crystals are dodecahedrons and trapezohedrons, often with striated surfaces.
Crystals are easy to care for and a joy to own.
Crystals are easy to make and observe with the naked eye, a magnifying glass, or a microscope.
Crystals are fascinating to people.
Crystals are fibrous and found in tufted aggregates.
Crystals are flexible.
Crystals are from cirrus and altostratus clouds.
Crystals are generally opaque but some translucent specimens are known.
Crystals are generally opaque but thin crystals or exceptional specimens can be translucent.
Crystals are generally opaque but thin crystals or splinters can be translucent.
Crystals are generally translucent to opaque.
Crystals are generally translucent, but some specimens are translucent.
Crystals are heavier, bulkier, and larger in ALL dimensions with each size increase.
Crystals are isometric and predominatly octahedral.
Crystals are like that, too.
Crystals are limited to alluvial grains.
Crystals are moderately clear, tinged with iron inclusions.
Crystals are mostly translucent to opaque.
Crystals are natural conductors of energy, Each moving electron produce an energy field.
Crystals are nearly opaque being transparent in thin splinters.
Crystals are nearly opaque in massive forms and translucent in small crystals.
Crystals are nearly opaque.
Crystals are neither good nor bad, only their uses can be.
Crystals are of a plug-in type and easily accessible for additional capability.
Crystals are often triangular in cross-section.
Crystals are opaque to translucent in thin slices or at crystal edges.
Crystals are opaque, translucent in only thin splinters.
Crystals are opaque.
Crystals are orderly arrangements of pure substances.
Crystals are oscillators, meaning that they vibrate when stimulated with electricity.
Crystals are partially hollow in some localities.
Crystals are pleochroic from yellow to colorless.
Crystals are polished and have been kept as natural as possible.
Crystals are present in many pieces indicating changes in chemical elements.
Crystals are prismatic but very rare.
Crystals are prismatic hexagons , and usually occur individually.
Crystals are prismatic or tabular , and are usually twinned .
Crystals are prismatic or tabular when present.
Crystals are prismatic to acicular and brittle.
Crystals are pure forms of chemicals.
Crystals are rare and highly sought after.
Crystals are rare, but when found are in the form of rhombohedrons similar to calcite's crystals.
Crystals are rarer than the massive forms, and so are usually sold as specimens.
Crystals are readily available.
Crystals are real world examples of polyhedra.
Crystals are regular structures.
Crystals are rhombohedral, mostly curved, and commonly tarnished.
Crystals are rigid because of the broken translational symmetry.
Crystals are scarce, more commonly as earthy masses, films or crusts, botryoidal and granular.
Crystals are short and stubby with tilted faces at each end.
Crystals are short prismatic and thick tabular , but are extremely rare.
Crystals are short to long prismatic, vertically striated, occasionally acicular or other habits.
Crystals are similar to desktop windows.
Crystals are solid bodies bounded by smooth surfaces called faces, that meet in definite angles.
Crystals are solid structures that form when liquid minerals are gradually cooled.
Crystals are solids that are made up of molecules arranged in a regular repeated pattern.
Crystals are solids that form by a regular repeated pattern of molecules connecting together.
Crystals are solids that have very specific structures.
Crystals are solids whose atoms form a very regular pattern.
Crystals are square and diamond shaped in between bakelite pieces.
Crystals are strong foci for magical energy.
Crystals are substances in which atoms are arranged in a regular, orderly, repeated pattern.
Crystals are the chief indicator for identification.
Crystals are the hardbounds and first editions.
Crystals are the most famous of natural mineral shapes.
Crystals are thermochromic.
Crystals are tools that augment the flow of energy.
Crystals are translucent to less commonly transparent.
Crystals are translucent to opaque in more massive specimens.
Crystals are translucent to opaque.
Crystals are translucent to slightly transparent.
Crystals are translucent to transparent, some specimens approach opaqueness.
Crystals are translucent to transparent.
Crystals are translucent transparent.
Crystals are translucent with darker specimens being opaque.
Crystals are translucent with some unusual specimens being transparent.
Crystals are translucent.
Crystals are transparent but most commonly translucent.
Crystals are transparent to mostly translucent.
Crystals are transparent to opaque.
Crystals are transparent to translucent .
Crystals are transparent to translucent and sometimes nearly opaque.
Crystals are transparent to translucent if green, opaque if black.
Crystals are transparent to translucent, often milky.
Crystals are transparent to translucent.
Crystals are truly earthstars .
Crystals are uncommon and are usually pointed and nearly acicular in radiating clusters or tufts.
Crystals are uncommon and tabular.
Crystals are usually bipyramids or thick tabular crystals.
Crystals are usually cubic or dodecahedral .
Crystals are usually flat and bladed , and often in compact groupings.
Crystals are usually somewhat smaller than spores.
Crystals are usually translucent but some exceptional specimens are transparent.
Crystals are usually translucent to transparent.
Crystals are usually translucent, massive material is opaque.
Crystals are usually well-shaped octahedrons , and less commonly dodecahedrons .
Crystals are very rare and tiny.
Crystals are very sensitive to temperature and when the PC is off the temperature tends to be lower.
Crystals are very uncommon and are usually distorted.
Crystals attract healing and supportive energy while at the same time repel negative energies.
Crystals become larger and larger and finally fall to the earth as hailstones.
Crystals begin to form in the porous cell walls .
Crystals begin to form in the porous cell walls.
Crystals begin to grow when the samples have completely thawed.
Crystals begin to stick together and slowly add layer upon layer to form a stone.
Crystals blow in from the west.
Crystals break both the continuous translational order and the continuous orientational order.
Crystals can allow one to reach higher spiritual levels during meditation.
Crystals can also be smoky in color from the presence of sodium.
Crystals can also be user-installed.
Crystals can also form if the solution or vapor is cooled or subjected to a decrease in pressure.
Crystals can also help when determining the age of rocks.
Crystals can also implement fifth or greater overtone modes, with similar principles.
Crystals can also make meditation easier, as well as helping generally in stress.
Crystals can be a lot of fun.
Crystals can be quite clear but at times they seem to be cloudy due to the deep color.
Crystals can be similar to hornblende, but are always translucent or even transparent.
Crystals can be simple or complexly modified by a variety of prism and pinacoid faces.
Crystals can be small or large.
Crystals can be transparent but most commonly are just translucent.
Crystals can be transparent to translucent.
Crystals can bounce up and down creating layers of ice in the ice crystal.
Crystals can cause the tongue and throat to swell, preventing breathing.
Crystals can clarify thoughts, channel energy, increase creativity and create emotional balance.
Crystals can enhance even a shaded or northern exposure window.
Crystals can form as a result of undissolved sugar sticking to the sides of the saucepot.
Crystals can form from a solid, liquid, or gas.
Crystals can form from vapors, solutions, or molten materials.
Crystals can form on the jelly as a result of using excess sugar.
Crystals can go from pale blue to sky blue to dark blue to very dark blue-green.
Crystals can grow to a considerable size in relatively stagnant ice.
Crystals can heal, protect, store images and thoughts, rid the body of negative energies, and more.
Crystals can make nice specimens with their light green color and glassy luster.
Crystals cleave into smooth flakes.
Crystals come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Crystals come in different shapes, sizes and types.
Crystals disappear quickly, but when collected give a small energy boost.
Crystals dissolve when vanadate, molybdate and tungstate are added.
Crystals do in time lose their sensitivity as detectors and have to be discarded.
Crystals float, silver sparkles, hand-worked details.
Crystals form and grow into stones.
Crystals form and sink to the bottom of the magma chambers.
Crystals form as their component atoms move closer and closer together.
Crystals form between the faces, further damaging seal face flatness by causing scratches.
Crystals form from the evaporation of a saltwater mixture.
Crystals form from vapors, solutions or molten materials, and are built from repeating units.
Crystals form in rock that is the earth.
Crystals form most quickly on metal components.
Crystals form when minerals bind together.
Crystals form when the liquid rock from inside the earth cool and harden.
Crystals form without any interference from the container, other crystals, or turbulent flows.
Crystals generally have smoot hsides and are arranged inorderly repeating patterns.
Crystals get wider in the growth direction as some crystals 'lose' in the growth competition.
Crystals grow a layer at a time.
Crystals grow and rupture cell walls, similar to poking a hole in a water-filled balloon.
Crystals grow at the interface between the solutions.
Crystals grow deep within the Earth's crust, usually around volcanic and earthquake activity.
Crystals grow from the outside, salt crystals build up from sodium and chloride ions.
Crystals grow from the outside, unlike that of a human being.
Crystals grow from the outside.
Crystals grow into different shapes.
Crystals grow naturall over time, or can be grown in a laboratory.
Crystals grow, and sedimentary rocks form.
Crystals hang from the legs of the wall-mounted bureau.
Crystals have a geometrical arrangement of atoms, which is repeated indefinately.
Crystals have a huge following of metaphysical advocates.
Crystals have a lattice and a basis .
Crystals have a regular geometric shape.
Crystals have a structured geometrical shape.
Crystals have an orderly symmetrical molecular structure.
Crystals have characteristic structures.
Crystals have complex symmetries.
Crystals have different types of symmetry and different kinds of faces.
Crystals have extremely high aspect ratios and thready forms.
Crystals have good color and are clean.
Crystals have magickal characteristics.
Crystals have many different attributes and can be labeled in many different categories.
Crystals have messages of their own.
Crystals have order.
Crystals have other value beyond just being pretty.
Crystals have relatively flat surfaces and conchoidal fracture.
Crystals hold promise for optical circuits.
Crystals hook together to form larger snowflakes.
Crystals is a new age thing.
Crystals is the perfect choice for anyone who wants to be on the cutting edge.
Crystals join together and make what's called a formation.
Crystals keep their same shape as they grow but growth rate slows down as the size increases.
Crystals lay on the floor, crying.
Crystals lend themselves to innovation.
Crystals limit molecular motion, thereby impeding conformational changes.
Crystals love the warm bright sunshine and are recharged by it.
Crystals love to be used.
Crystals merit equal attention.
Crystals now leave corpses.
Crystals occur in the urine as gravel or stones.
Crystals operate through the phenomenon known as piezoelectricity.
Crystals orientate at the water droplet surface and stabilize the water droplet.
Crystals oscillate to a natural healing frequency that is activated by mental energy.
Crystals point the way to sharper targets.
Crystals polarize light.
Crystals possess low-impact strength due to their high level of internal defects.
Crystals precipitate in some of the reservoirs.
Crystals produce amplification of the energy in the 'field' in which they reside.
Crystals provide information about cloud types, temperatures, and heights of clouds.
Crystals raise the vibrational level of the body so that the body draws in more light and color.
Crystals recommends going straight to adding hydrogens.
Crystals reconfigure themselves as pressure or temperature changes.
Crystals reveal much in their patterns, flaws, conductivity, growth, cleavage, refractive index.
Crystals show good tetragonal prismatic form and can have a bright sapphire blue color.
Crystals show optical birefringence under polarized light.
Crystals showing color zoning are also highly collectible.
Crystals shown at right are actual size.
Crystals slouch out of matrix.
Crystals stain red in trichrome-stained fecal smear.
Crystals supply energy.
Crystals tend to be deeply striated parallel to the prominent length.
Crystals tend to be prismatic and are often aggregated together into bundles.
Crystals tend to be striated.
Crystals tend to form in grape juices.
Crystals then build upon each other to form a base, or nidus, on which more cyrstals are deposited.
Crystals typically do change the directions, however, and thus become visible.
Crystals used for manifestation provide a focus for the incoming and outgoing powers.
Crystals vary from transparent to translucent.
Crystals work on body, mind and spirit.
Crystals yield more resources than the normal source.
Crystal always has the best quality available and they are very, very unique.
Crystals frequently form penetration twins , where one cube is intergrown in another.
Crystals frequently form penetration twins, where one cube is intergrown in another.
Crystals frequently twin to form interesting results, such as heart, star, and v-shaped twins.
Crystals often accumulate in joints and cause severe pain with movement.
Crystals often appear as strange and beautiful geometric shapes.
Crystals often form penetration and repeated twins , and are frequently striated .
Daily practice is required.
Daily practice is so very important.
Daily practice is the key to any successful venture in life.
Daily practice is the key to getting full benefit from the exercises and meditations.
Daily practice is the key to so many things.
Daily practice is the key.
Daily practice keeps skills sharp.
Daily practice Make four rounds daily during the first week.
Daily practices begin as soon as the course opens in the spring.
Daily practices consist of fitness training, skill development, and scrimmage situations.
All daily practices are FREE and open to the public.
Daily prayer builds a relationship with the divine.
Daily prayer forms the foundation of that work.
Daily prayer is a rule, a habit, a way of going about a task.
Daily prayer is an uplifting and essential part of our lives.
Daily prayer is central to their lives.
Daily prayer is more discipline than worship.
Daily prayer prevents divorce and makes marriages stronger.
Daily prayers are among the first words a child learns to speak.
Daily prayers are the best remedy for daily cares.
Daily prenatal vitamins help essential nutrients.
Daily prenatal vitamins help nutrients.
Daily preparation is tedious, but it is also a necessity.
Daily preparation is the key to successful study.
Daily prices are the first prices in each time zone.
Daily prices avail.
Daily prize draws for registered users.
Daily products are also now available for browsing.
Daily production ensures product freshness and quick turnaround on orders.
Daily production is preprogrammed and hands-on operating needs are minimized.
Daily progesterone has lousy effects on the benefits of estrogen and does nothing to help sex drive.
Daily program includes Bible instruction, art, music, computer and non-competitive recreation.
Daily program provides close supervision.
Daily programs are open to the public with nature walks, demonstrations and a touch and learn tank.
Daily programs led by naturalists are avialable to the public and to school groups.
Daily progress is essential to success.
Daily progress is measured one log at a time.
Daily protection ensures the skin's nutrition and healthy balance.
Daily publications are unbound and arranged by the Congress Session with their fortnightly indexes.
Some daily publishers respond to declining community reach by producing a portfolio of products.
Daily puzzles connect to illustrate a continuous story.
Daily qualifiers receive prizes.
Daily questions guide exploration of each topic.
Daily questions offer a direction for thinking deeply about the Scripture passages.
Daily quizzes are basically an attendance device.
Daily quotations can be a good way to start.
Daily quotes are a bonus feature of A.Word.
Daily rains come fast and hard, then dissipate quickly.
Daily rainfall is disaggregated into shorter period intensities.
Daily rainfall is used as model input.
Daily rainstorms are typical in the tropics.
Daily range is the difference between the high and low in one trading day.
Daily rate includes continental breakfast.
Daily rate includes family-style breakfast and supper, and a sack lunch for the ski area.
Daily rate includes unlimited mileage.
Daily rate is computed by dividing the average salary by number of contract days.
Daily rate is for sessions only with other events optional.
Daily rates apply to all credit card balance payments.
Daily rates apply, and full-service hookups are supplied.
Daily rates apply.
Daily rates are also available on request.
Daily rates are also available.
Daily rates are as follows.
Daily rates are available by checking in person with the parking lot attendant.
Daily rates are available during off-peak season.
Daily rates are available in the off season.
Daily rates are available.
Daily rates are for each room, single or double occupancy and include breakfast.
Daily rates are higher than weekly rates.
Daily rates are lower for extended-stay guests.
Daily rates are moderate and can be adjusted to include three excellent meals.
Daily rates are on a private pay basis.
Daily rates are per house and include a fully equipped kitchen and all linens.
Daily rates are per room and include breakfast.
Daily rates are rare.
Daily rates are too volatile.
Daily rates vary.
Daily rations encourage growth.
Most daily rations encourage growth.
Daily read time occurs during periods.
Daily reading is a homework requirement for all our students.
Daily reading is encouraged.
Daily reading is important.
Daily reading is now a requirement of almost every job.
All daily readings are available in a variety of English and Spanish translations .
Daily reality is another.
Daily reality presses too hard.
Daily recitals demonstrate the instrument's capabilities.
Daily records are available for the entire period of record for each station.
Daily recovery begins with keeping the body fueled and rested.
Daily registrants are on a space available basis.
Daily registrants can receive credit for each day in attendance.
Daily registrants can receive credit for each day of attendance.
Daily registrants receive lunch and material only.
Daily registration includes social event tickets for that day.
Daily registration is also available.
Daily registrations are only for the events of the day.
Daily rehearsals are now in full swing at the school.
Daily rehearsals keep the dancers strong and fit for the rigors of performance.
Daily relaxation is important - meditation tapes are available.
Daily releases are available for download .
Daily releases mean there is always enough water.
Daily rental is available on a variety of boats.
Daily rentals are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Daily rentals are possible with advance booking.
Daily rentals can be one to four consecutive days depending on the rate booked.
All daily rentals receive daily housekeeping, and laundry facilities are on the premises as well.
Daily repetition does the job if continued faithfully.
Daily report includes subscriber count, new subscribers, unsubscribes and bounce removals.
Daily report is a consolidation of shift reports.
Daily reports allow the marketing staff to see how often documents are being viewed.
Daily reports are also available via Lotus Notes.
Daily reports are available for transactions or activity on accounts.
Daily reports are available.
Daily reports pinpoint every aspect of ridership and fare payments.
Daily reports show an hourly breakdown detailing peek and low hours.
Daily research is varied and hypothesis driven depending on prior experimental results.
Daily research supports a frequently updated database.
Daily responsibilities can become difficult.
Daily rest is also important, get it.
Daily rides take from five to eight hours each.
Daily risottos are always interesting and delicious.
Daily ritual seems essential to mental and spiritual health.
Daily routes take about four hours and drivers are reimbursed for mileage.
Daily routes vary, offering surfaces for all bike types.
Daily routine can change to split up larger groups.
Daily routine helps ensure a happy, healthy, contented horse.
Daily routine is handled flexibly depending on the occasion.
Daily routine is human activities.
Daily routine is much the same as for the layman.
Daily routine is predictable.
Daily routine Put the phrases in the correct order.
Daily routines are very important to children.
Daily routines can feel overwhelming.
Daily routines help toddlers make sense of their world.
Daily routines lead to complacency.
Daily routines shift constantly to accommodate work projects, kids hobbies and social activities.
Daily routines vary from centre to centre and home to home.
Many daily routines tend to be done automatically and mechanically without thinking.
Some daily routine includes assessments.
Some daily routine includes games.
Daily runs provide cost effective transportation to the South Branch Valley.
Daily safety is a great concern.
Daily schedule includes demonstrations, golf skills, proper etiquette, and hands-on practicing.
Daily schedule includes long game, short game, videotape analysis and on-course instruction.
Daily schedule is most important, but make seasonal comments as well.
Daily schedule needs to be more organized.
Daily schedule varies.
Daily schedules are also flexible enough to let classes meet for extended times as required.
Daily schedules are however available and searchable .
Daily schedules are similar regardless of housing accommodations.
Daily schedules include breakfasts.
Daily schedules include light breakfasts.
Daily schedules show any events or appointments for that day.
Daily schedules strike a balance between course work, sports, private study and creative pursuits.
Daily scoreboard is featured.
Daily scrimmages are a part of the fun.
Daily scrimmages are part of the fun.
Daily series includes interactive games focusing on math, social studies, and language arts.
Daily service includes cafeteria-style hot foods at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Daily service includes clean towels and garbage service and full maid service once a week.
Daily service includes replacing of towels, tea, coffee and sugar, remove rubbish bag and replace.
Daily service is also available from key terminals to provide overnight and second day delivery.
Daily service is available at an additional charge.
Daily service is available at an extra charge.
Daily service is available for an extra charge.
Daily service is optional.
Daily service is provided every three to five minutes.
Daily service is the norm.
Daily services are in progress.
Daily services run on all routes.
Daily sessions can be very beneficial as well.
Daily settings provide extra vacation security.
Daily shore dives.
Daily showers using bland non- detergent cleansing agents are the backbone of therapy.
Daily situations arise in industry requires immediate answers and training solutions.
Daily ski reports.
Daily snack is provided.
Daily snapshots are here.
Daily soup is full bodied and rich in flavor.
Daily specials abound.
Daily specials add the decision dilemma.
Daily specials are a favorite of many.
Daily specials are according to the whims of the chef.
Daily specials are also available and are constantly changing.
Daily specials are also available and offer the customer a great value.
Daily specials are also important to the menu mix, bringing in repeat business.
Daily specials are always available that are sure to satisfy.
Daily specials are always fresh and prepared regularly.
Daily specials are available and parties can be catered for if pre-booked.
Daily specials are available for further savings.
Daily specials are available with breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Daily specials are available with breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Daily specials are available, including risotto.
Daily specials are available.
Daily specials are definitely notable.
Daily specials are more expensive than menu items but a treat.
Daily specials are numerous.
Daily specials are often excellent.
Daily specials are often the best choice.
Daily specials are on the menu.
Daily specials are popular, too.
Daily specials are popular.
Daily specials are superb and affordable.
Daily specials are worth watching.
Daily specials are, of course, ever-changing.
Daily specials can also be great.
Daily specials come and go, but old favorites remain.
Daily specials expand the repertoire to offer seasonal selections.
Daily specials feature breakfast, lunch and dinner for the budget-conscious.
Daily specials feature seasonal fresh produce and emphasize comfort foods.
Daily specials feature shrimp, pork chops, barbecued ribs and rib-eye steaks.
Daily specials feature soup, salads, sandwiches.
Daily specials offer other tempting culinary delights.
Daily specials range from awesome stuffed bell peppers to pork chops.
Daily specials reflect the catch of the day.
Daily specials round out the menu.
Daily specials showcase the freshest seafood available.
Daily specials take full advantage of locally available seasonal produce and fruit.
Daily specials tend to be more expensive but worth it.
All daily specials are subject to change.
Many daily specials are in Chinese characters on the blackboard, and only a few are translated.
Daily Star looks at microwave modems .
Daily stars can be a valuable and amusing insight into the ups and downs of our existence.
Daily stories feature beauty advice, tips from the pros and new product info.
Daily stress has a tendency to build up in our bodies, causing toxins to undermine our health.
Daily stresses serve as opportunities for parents to open the door of communication.
Daily studies are the prevalent form.
Daily study is essential for learning a foreign language.
Daily study is essential in learning a language.
Daily study is more important than the total number of hours spent weekly.
Daily study is preferable to intermittent cramming.
Daily study is required to be able to remain focused and to answer any and all questions.
Daily Subscribers can download anytime.
Daily subscription is always FREE at eStreetSolutions.
Daily summaries sent via e-mail to an administrator ensures the system is in correct working order.
Daily supercomputers process enormous banks of data collected by surface and upper-air sensors.
Daily supervision is provided by bus captains who are students in the high school.
Daily supplements are necessary.
Many daily supplements have only small amounts of iron and calcium, and limited trace elements.
Daily support is also available from staff on duty during the students' shifts.
Daily sweeping is recommended in homes with small children or large families.
Daily swimming includes both instruction and free play in our three heated pools .
Daily swimming is included for all three of the programs.
Daily swimming is no longer part of our program.
Daily synchronization captures any changes.
Daily tangents is our resume.
Daily task can become so difficult.
Daily tasks become extremely difficult.
Daily tasks Keep everything, no matter how trivial it seems.
Daily tasks range from analyzing corporate policy to evaluating brands of safety equipment.
Many daily tasks are new for both.
Daily teaching rounds accompany textbook reading.
Daily tears continue.
Daily temperature ranges from cs.
Daily temperature varies little.
Daily temperature vary little throughout the year.
Daily temperatures are relatively high and the nights are cool.
Some daily temperature is divided by temperature.
Daily tests are for fluoride and chlorine residuals.
Daily testing is performed for a variety of other parameters.
Daily testing is performed in the city laboratory.
All daily themes are due by midnight of the assigned day.
Daily tickets are also available.
Daily tickets are only valid on the date purchased.
Daily tickets avail.
Daily time is set aside for lunch, errands, and planned physical activity.
Daily times vary.
Daily tips cover personal finance, consumer news and web freebies.
Daily topics cover major issues in the online world.
Daily tours are available and dinner is also served at the amphitheatre.
Daily tours are available in summer and on weekends in spring and fall.
Daily tours are available to the public.
Daily tours are available.
Daily tours are to the top of the glacier during the summer on snowmobiles or snowploughs.
Daily tours depart from the Last Resort and departure times are by arrangement.
Daily tours provide spotting scopes and experienced guides.
Daily tournaments start at noon.
Daily traffic includes numerous recreational vessels, commercial fishing boats, and fuel barges.
Daily traffic is highest during the fall term and decreases significantly during the summer months.
Daily training brings the performers together in the language they all know best, dance.
Daily training is needed to develop it.
Daily training maintains perfect motor unit contraction and relaxation sequences.
Daily transactions are increasingly likely to be geocoded.
Daily transcription provides overnight access to a fully prepared transcript.
Daily transportation is available by qualified staff and wheelchair-accessible vans.
Daily transportation is available.
Daily transportation is provided for the kids.
Daily treatment is most effective and reduces total numbers of sessions needed.
Daily turnout is available and encouraged.
Daily turnout is recommended to boarders as there are lots of turnout paddocks.
Daily turnover averages six million.
Daily updates advance the story of contemporary fantasy and self-fulfillment.
Daily updates are available.
Daily updates are maintenance free.
Daily updates can provide more than health information, such as business and Internet news.
Daily updates continue, with new items being added to the database and bad prices being removed.
Daily updates feature some truly incredible offers.
Daily updates includes menus.
Daily updates keep researchers current on all issues.
Daily updates keep the database current.
Daily updates keep the resources current.
Daily updates provide project schedules, budgets and current status reports.
Daily updates provide resort availability dates.
Daily use begins and the patient begins to use to maintain rather than to escape.
Daily use can help avoid or contain existing symptoms.
Daily use ensures improved hair shaft strength and manageability.
Daily use helps prevent tooth decay and early gum disease.
Daily use helps reduce the visible signs of aging and enhances skin's texture and tone.
Daily use helps to control dandruff and dry skin.
Daily use is imperative for fullest effectiveness.
Daily use is limited to one hour.
Daily use is posted on-line, so parents can monitor spending activity and step in if necessary.
Daily use is recommended for monitoring instrument performance over time.
Daily use is recommended for several months.
Daily use is simple and easy.
Daily use reveals bugs, and nonstandard behavior in handling of mail folders.
All daily users are to be directed to the general locker rooms in each facility.
Daily valuations allow participants to monitor and change their fund balances on a daily basis.
Daily Values are numbers set by the government.
Daily Values are the label reference numbers based on current dietary nutrient recommendations.
Daily Values are the label reference values.
Daily Values can help consumers determine how a food fits into an overall diet.
Daily values represent the amount of nutrients considered desirable in a day's time.
Some Daily Values stay the same regardless of the calorie level.
Daily version is retained until permanent is received.
Daily video captured by the system is archived for six months unless it is requested.
Daily view shows events scheduled in a daily basis offering a side mini calendar view.
Daily violence is the rule.
Daily vitamins help essential nutrients.
Daily vitamins help nutrients.
Daily vitamins provide synthetic vitamins.
Daily vitamins provide vitamins.
Most daily vitamins help essential nutrients.
Most daily vitamins help nutrients.
Most daily vitamins provide synthetic vitamins.
Most daily vitamins provide vitamins.
Daily volume is just one small aspect of a new group proposal.
Daily walks are a good idea.
Daily walks are a great form of exercise and often the easiest form of exercise for many people.
Daily walks can be a fun and healthy family activity.
Daily ward rounds with residents and staffmen.
Daily washing is required to maintain hygienic properties.
Daily weather reports.
Daily winners receive t-shirts.
Daily work consists in both preparation and participation.
Daily work consists of comprehension quizzes, dictations, translations, and vocabulary quizzes.
Daily work includes dictations, translations, and vocabulary quizzes.
Daily work includes handling chemicals or being involved in process that uses chemicals.
Daily work includes quizzes, worksheets, lab exercises, etc.
Daily work includes yoga and vocal exercises, and extended physical and vocal improvisations.
Daily work involves customer service, product knowledge and attention to detail.
Daily work involves customer service.
Daily work is a great opportunity to do that.
Daily work is inside and outside in all weather conditions.
Daily work is supplemented with special projects assigned by managers and officers.
Daily work is tied to long-range planning and goals.
Daily work rounds on the patients and accompanying the attending and chief resident on rounds.
Daily work rounds with the team followed by teaching rounds with the assigned attending physician.
All daily work is due the next day.
All daily work is neat.
Daily workout Try out Today's Mind Game , which is picked at random from the games on the site.
Daily workouts promote blood circulation, which contributes to a healthy glow.
Daily workshops accompany dynamic morning and evening services and a variety of entertainment.
Daily workshops are available by reservation.
Daily workshops feature shorter subjects of typically one or two sessions each.
Daily workshops focus on identified needs of specific groups of educators.
Daily worship is an important part of the summer camp experience.
Daily worship is offered to the deity in the temple.
Daily worship takes place here.
Daily writing is encouraged throughout the course.
Daily writing is the most effective.
A daily is a newspaper
Dailies are instantaneous and editing can start the first day of production.
Dailies are newspapers.
Dailies change from day to day and are chosen for that day only.
Dailies remain constant.
Dailies run for people in production.
Daily Die to Self.
All dailies cover the elections in Macedonia in extensive reports and photos.
All dailies speculate about the possible target.
Many dailies do a great job, but for many investors they require too much time.
Most dailies say Turkey has rationed electricity following a drop in the pressure in a gas pipeline.
Dainty doll is soiled by hot seed.
Dainty flowers come in a variety of mufti-marked colors.
Dainty lamps stand trimmed to guide.
Dainty ruffles trim the cuffs and off-shoulder neckline.
Dainty violas grow to four inches tall.
A dainty is food
Dainties features the finest sensual lingerie, in sizes from petite to plus.
Many dairy alternatives are also calcium-fortified.
Dairy bulls have contact.
Dairy bulls have frequent contact.
A dairy cattle is cattle
Dairy cattle are cattle.
Dairy cattle are exempt from dipping requirements.
Dairy cattle breed originating in Scotland .
Dairy cattle eat buttercups.
Dairy cattle eat tall buttercups.
Dairy cattle suffer more quickly from lack of water than from shortage of any other nutrient.
Most decomposition attracts beetles.
Most decomposition follows death.
Most decomposition follows patterns.
Most decomposition is caused by factors.
Most decomposition occurs at soil surfaces.
Most decomposition occurs at surfaces.
Most decomposition occurs during death.
Most decomposition occurs in layers.
Most decomposition occurs in lower layers.
Most decomposition occurs in stages.
Most decomposition produces gases.
Most decomposition produces methane gases.
Most decomposition provides additional benefits.
Most decomposition provides benefits.
Most decomposition provides feedback.
Most decomposition provides many additional benefits.
Most decomposition provides many benefits.
Most decomposition requires oxygen.
Most decomposition takes place throughout the heated soil matrix and in the very hot vapors.
Some decomposition follows disturbances.
Some decomposition increases availability.
Some decomposition increases nutrient availability.
Some decomposition occurs during winter.
Some decomposition occurs in climates.
Some decomposition occurs in rainforests.
Some decomposition takes years.
Decompressed data is identical to the original data before compression.
Decompression chambers are within reach of most resorts in case of a diving emergency.
Decompression illness can also cause cochlear gas emboli with hearing loss.
Decompression illness is a continuum from no symptoms or signs to severe multisystem involvement.
Decompression melting creates the ocean crust at mid-ocean ridges .
Decompression melting involves the upward movement of Earth's mostly-solid mantle.
Decompression melting occurs because of a decrease in pressure.
Decompression sickness is an illness
Decompression sickness occurs when there is production of nitrogen bubbles in the circulation.
Decompression software is required.
A decompression is a writing
Decompression consists of a linear interpolation between sample points.
Decompression is a period following a major life change.
Decompression is achieved by reversing the process, and is often much quicker.
Decompression is achieved by turning a tap.
Decompression is another big difference.
Decompression is automatically determined for TIFF input.
Decompression is done on the fly by the client.
Decompression is done using a sub-process and pipes so that no temporary file is created.
Decompression is fast and requires small work space.
Decompression is highly efficient.
Decompression is important.
Decompression is in software only.
Decompression is indicated on rare occasion.
Decompression is invisible, and is integrated into the system software of each platform.
Decompression is now MUCH faster also.
Decompression is perhaps more difficult conceptually, but it is really easier to program.
Decompression is quite fast though.
Decompression is significantly slower than gzip .
Decompression is simply the control of antagonisms by power.
Decompression is still a lot slower than compression, though.
Decompression is the permanent control of both antagonists by the ruling class.
Decompression is the treatment of choice.
Decompression is transparent and very fast.
Decompression is very fast and requires small work space.
Decompression requires no extra memory.
Decompression requires no memory.
Decompression Reverses the procedure used to compress an image.
Decompression reverses the result of compression.
Decompression stop dive.
Decompression sure feels good.
Decompression takes place at the workstation.
Decompression willhave to be done very slowly.
Decompression works in the reverse fashion.
Decompressions are easing.
Decompressive craniotomy needs validation in a randomized trial.
Deconditioned muscles are inefficient and use more oxygen than muscles that are conditioned.
Deconditioned muscles use more oxygen than toned muscles.
Decongestant products relieve nasal congestion.
A decongestant is medicine
Decongestants act to constrict the blood vessels to provide relief.
Decongestants add to the effect of antihistamines by reducing swelling of the nasal passages.
Decongestants also help alleviate the symptoms of bronchitis.
Decongestants also increase blood pressure.
Decongestants are also available in nose spray or drop form for acute congestion.
Decongestants are another option, and finally, when all else fails, there are allergy shots.
Decongestants are available as both tablets and nasal spray.
Decongestants are available as pills, liquids, nasal sprays or drops.
Decongestants are available as pills, liquids, nose sprays or drops.
Decongestants are available in both topical and oral forms.
Decongestants are available in oral and spray forms.
Decongestants are drugs that can help re-establish drainage of the nasal passages.
Decongestants are medicine.
Decongestants are of paramount importance.
Decongestants are recommended.
Decongestants are safer if used for short periods of time.
Decongestants can aggravate high blood pressure, heart, and thyroid disease.
Decongestants can also help to reduce stuffiness and shrink swollen mucus membranes.
Decongestants can also help to shrink swollen membranes and reduce stuffiness.
Decongestants can be helpful such as pseudoephedrine or phenolpropanolamine.
Decongestants can cause hyperactivity and irritability.
Decongestants can cause nervousness, sleeplessness or elevation in blood pressure.
Decongestants can dry up mucus in the chest, head, and nose.
Decongestants can give short-term relief from nasal stuffiness.
Decongestants can help reduce the swelling in the eustachian tube and relieve ear pressure.
Decongestants can help relieve sinus congestion, and help overcome the symptoms of a common cold.
Decongestants can help to clear the nose and sinuses.
Decongestants can help with nasal symptoms.
Decongestants can potentially increase the heart rate of both mother and child.
Decongestants can raise blood pressure and increase the heart rate.
Decongestants can relieve stuffiness from head congestion.
Decongestants cause the blood vessels to narrow, thus, leading to the clearing of nasal congestion.
Decongestants clear up redness and nasal congestion.
Decongestants come either topically as in nasal sprays or in liquid or pill form.
Decongestants come in a variety of forms some associated with antihistamines and some alone.
Decongestants come in many different forms.
Decongestants come in pills, liquids, and nasal sprays under many brand names.
Decongestants come in the form of oral medication, nose drops and nasal sprays.
Decongestants constrict the blood vessels, put air through the nose, and alleviate pressure.
Decongestants decrease swelling in the nose.
Decongestants have a limited role in the treatment of geriatric rhinitis.
Decongestants have various names but the box or label usually has the word decongestant somewhere.
Decongestants help by shrinking the swollen nasal tissues so as to open the breathing passages.
Decongestants help clear the infection by draining the infected sinsuses.
Decongestants help dry it out.
Decongestants help reduce swelled sinus passages, but they can also can lead to severe xerostomia.
Decongestants help temporarily relieve the stuffy nose of allergies.
Decongestants help to relieve runny nose, congestion and sinus headaches.
Decongestants help unclog nasal passages and clear congestion.
Decongestants lessen congestion which prevents drainage, making bacterial infection more likely.
Decongestants offer relief of nasal and sinus congestion by narrowing blood vessels.
Decongestants open the ostia through which the mucus drains.
Decongestants reduce nasal blockage by narrowing blood vessels.
Decongestants reduce nasal congestion by constricting blood vessels.
Decongestants reduce swelling of congested tissues.
Decongestants relieve congestion by thinning the mucous so it can drain away.
Decongestants relieve congestion, promote sinus draining and improve breathing.
Decongestants shrink congested nasal tissues.
Decongestants shrink swollen membranes in the nose, making it easier to breath.
Decongestants shrink swollen nasal tissues.
Decongestants temporarily raise the blood pressure and make extra work for the heart.
Decongestants treat nasal congestion.
Decongestants treat the symptom.
Decongestants work by narrowing blood vessels.
Decongestants work by narrowing the blood vessels in the membranes that line the nose.
Decongestants often have a stimulant effect.
Many decongestants contain ephedrine or pseudoephedrine, a cousin to adrenalin.
Most decongestants are chemical relatives of adrenaline.
Decongestive eye drops help, too.
Deconstruction can be a link to job training and economic development efforts.
Deconstruction emphasizes the lack of totality and closure in any form.
Deconstruction has a warped way of reading.
Deconstruction involves the questioning, even the bashing of precious substantive assumptions.
Deconstruction is a form of critique.
Deconstruction is a philosophical theory
Deconstruction is a Socratic gadfly on the rump of the hermeneutical project.
Deconstruction is a way of bringing the repressed way of seeing back to consciousness.
Deconstruction is a way of spreading the blame, thus distributing the misery.
Deconstruction is about distinctive individual voices and sounds.
Deconstruction is an absolute critique of absolutism.
Deconstruction is an emerging feature of contemporary critical work within developmental psychology.
Deconstruction is an innovative tool intended to contribute to a community's revitalization.
Deconstruction is corrosive.
Deconstruction is essential in a digital world.
Deconstruction is justice.
Deconstruction is less adversarial and more playful than critique or confrontation.
Deconstruction is neither destructive, nor nihilistic.
Deconstruction is seen as a tool for liberation.
Deconstruction is the careful hand disassembly of buildings for material salvage.
Deconstruction is the process of analyzing what is said in continuous iterative loops.
Deconstruction meets the vision thing.
Deconstruction occurs in life as well as in literature.
Deconstruction offers a context for embracing uncertainty as a state with potential for improvement.
Deconstruction shows the multiple layers of meaning at work in language.
Deconstruction unveils the techniques by which the centre masquerades as a centre.
Deconstructionism is a philosophical theory
Deconstructionism is a philosophy that rejects value judgements based on one's own cultural values.
Deconstructionism is part of a movement called poststructuralism.
Deconstructionism makes sense.
Deconstructive postmodernism is deeply critical of all religious and spiritual traditions.
Deconstructive postmodernism seeks to undo all claims toward ultimate knowledge and truth.
Deconstructive readings challenge the idea that a text has an unchanging, unified meaning.
Decontaminated soil is removed from the tin bath into a water-filled quench tank.
Decontaminated water is recycled back through the process.
Decontamination is a removal
Decontamination is a valuable tool in solid waste management.
Decontamination is important in maintaining firefighters' health.
Decontamination is performed prior to the delivery of definitive care in MTFs.
Decontamination is removal of the toxicant to a disposal area.
Decontamination is removals.
Decontamination is simple and completely effective using detergent and aqueous decon rinses.
Decontamination is time and labor intensive and requires tremendous resources.
Decontamination is time and labor intensive.
Decontamination is time consuming and requires resources.
Decontamination is time consuming, and it causes corrosion and damage to some types of equipment.
Decontamination is very difficult and virtually impossible in soil and water.
Decor is decoration
Decors range from old world charm to a more modern look.
All decor is the same.
Decorated architecture has window tracery.
Decorated bags made by Anatolian nomads are personal favorites.
Decorated birdhouses come in a variety of sizes and styles.
Decorated boats gather from miles around to receive a blessing from the town priest.
Decorated bottles are common to vodou, being a combination of magic and folk art.
Decorated bottles make ideal housewarming or hostess gifts.
Decorated cages are also available.
Decorated crap is still crap.
Decorated initials are a very common feature of the book.
Decorated initials are an integral part of illuminated manuscripts.
Most decorated kylikes have a stem raising the cup's bowl up off the foot.
Decorated models are now open.
Decorated obelisks flank the monumental entraces, one of which is seen in the illustration.
Decorated obelisks flank the monumental entrances, one of which is seen in the illustration.
Decorated skulls are also available.
Decorated towels make wonderful gifts.
Most decorating centers offer all the necessary products to get the job done right.
Most decorating shows offer suggestions for choosing paint to go with white trim.
Decoration Adds an underline, overline, or line-through to text, or makes the text blink.
Decoration appears along the eaves of the gable roof on the west side.
Decoration attempts to be costly.
Decoration bordering the mummy s left side is divided into four registers.
Decoration can also provide clues to the identity of a piece's owner.
Decoration can entice customers to stop, look and buy.
Decoration can only make the handling and the seeing of the object a more pleasureable experience.
Decoration Changes the decoration for text.
Decoration consists of figural scenes produced from carved molds.
Decoration consists of geometric motifs, glyphs, or figural scenes.
Decoration contains all decoration.
Decoration covers all forms of decorative forms.
Decoration depends on budget and materials at hand.
Decoration draws attention.
Decoration features a large circular rose window flanked by miniature turrets.
Decoration has (part) sections.
Decoration has big impact.
Decoration has impact.
Decoration includes a couple of optical fibre plants and a well stocked aquarium.
Decoration includes geometric motifs and figural scenes.
Decoration includes horizontal lines, circles and ovals.
Decoration includes incising, stone inlay and highly polished surfaces.
Decoration includes scenes of warfare, ritual or mythological scenes and glyphic inscriptions.
Decoration includes scenes of warfare, ritual, or mythological scenes and glyphic inscriptions.
Decoration is also an excellent diagnostic tool.
Decoration is an artifact
Decoration is artifacts.
Decoration is available and cost depends on the elaborateness of the design.
Decoration is awards.
Decoration is beautiful, exotic and original.
Decoration is concentrated only in the central sections of the roofing.
Decoration is definitely low-frills.
Decoration is elegant and romantic, true to original colonial style and colors.
Decoration is found on the rim ledge on the body of the pot where it survives.
Decoration is generally absent in an average village household.
Decoration is in the fourth style.
Decoration is inside and out.
Decoration is limited to white paint around the randomly placed, randomly sized windows.
Decoration is located in parties.
Decoration is made from traditional Czech glass and is very high quality product.
Decoration is minimal except for the wall hangings with Indian pastoral scenes and ceiling fans.
Decoration is nice.
Decoration is pleasant and it is a very comfortable and cozy place.
Decoration is raised with a few beads.
Decoration is refined, modern and elegant.
Decoration is relegated to the central bay, the entrance and the middle section of the cornice.
Decoration is the responsibility of the tenant.
Decoration is traditional Oaxacan art.
Decoration isa artifact.
Decoration means co-ordination.
Decoration tends to be local designs - but there are always exceptions.
Decorations abound everywhere, multicolored lights on every tree, house, etc.
Decorations abound in the hundreds of inns, hotels and motels in and around ski areas.
Decorations abound on sweatshirts, automobiles and houses.
Decorations abound, signaling the beginning of a magical time.
Decorations are a source of joy for occupants of offices, laboratories and other facilities.
Decorations are a source of joy for occupants of offices, laboratories, and homes.
Decorations are a source of joy for occupants of offices, laboratories, and other facilities.
Decorations are also on it.
Decorations are always a no-brainer.
Decorations are at adult eye levels, or are too syrupy and cute.
Decorations are bits of colored paper torn from magazine ads.
Decorations are easy to make and something every member of the family can participate in.
Decorations are easy too.
Decorations are exotic and there is soft background music.
Decorations are festive appropriate for the month, sponsor, or particular event.
Decorations are few, but some frescoes are to be found in the upper rooms.
Decorations are few.
Decorations are in acrylics except where primitive paints are noted.
Decorations are limited to flowers suitable to the site.
Decorations are on the bezel, edge, and back of the case.
Decorations are pink, white, and red.
Decorations are quietly seasonal.
Decorations are sparse - just a few Chinese wall hangings and a vase of four yellow roses.
Decorations are the responsibility of the applicant.
Decorations are the responsibility of the client.
Decorations are to be placed on the already provided ceiling hooks only.
Decorations begin with roses, calla lilies, irises and proceed to bows and intricate piping.
Decorations brighten the room.
Decorations can be as simple or elaborate as the budget permits.
Decorations can be red, white and blue bunting with lots of balloons.
Decorations can cause overloaded circuits.
Decorations can give rooms personal touch.
Decorations can increase fire and panic hazards.
Decorations come next.
Decorations consist of pleated self fabric for trim with the use of small flowers, ribbons and lace.
Decorations Cover the walls with posters of international soccer teams.
Decorations Create an atmosphere of luxury, indulgence, and tranquillity.
Decorations Decorate with mini flags from various countries.
Decorations describe a portion of the implementation details for how a coclass becomes a class.
Decorations enhance and highlight a garden's appeal.
Decorations made of plastic such as some angel hair, tinsel, spray snow and ornaments are non-toxic.
Decorations Make a cornucopia centerpiece filled with fruit, gourds, nuts, seeds, and spices.
Decorations Make decorations from items found in nature.
Decorations offer a wide range of potential dangers.
Decorations relate to Chinese revolutionary symbols.
Decorations run the gamut.
Decorations tend to be neutral to accommodate many different inhabitants and their different styles.
Decorations Use a life size lion cut out to welcome guests at the door.
Decorations Use a small flashlight in pumpkins instead of a candle.
Decorations Use a small flashlight instead of a candle .
Decorations Use only non-combustible ornaments and decorations.
Decorations Use stuffed animals as centerpieces.
Decoration often features rustic scenes, shell-like forms and smooth curves.
All decorations are non-toxic.
All decorations are to be free standing.
All decorations are to be placed within the planting area.
All decorations are to be removed following the wedding.
All decorations are to be removed immediately following the wedding.
All decorations are up.
All decorations have to be carefully hidden from public view.
Most decoration draws attention.
Most decoration has big impact.
Most decoration has impact.
Most decorations are acceptable.
Some decoration consists of cardboard tubes.
Some decoration consists of tubes.
Some decorations cost more due to the time involved.
Some decorations ignite easily and allow a fire to spread rapidly.
Some decorations ignite easily and fire spreads rapidly.
Decorative accents reflect the history and personality of each namesake.
Decorative accessories are the final touch.
Decorative accessories run to a pig theme.
Many decorative arrangements are available.
Decorative art is one side of limited possibilities.
Some decorative art features characters.
Decorative artwork has a psychological effect.
Decorative beads are Austrian crystal.
Decorative bear helps prevent children from accidentally locking themselves inside rooms.
Decorative boxes can be gifts themselves or used as an accent in a home.
Decorative brackets are common.
Decorative brick corbeling just below the eaves provides a transition from wall to roof.
Decorative brickwork marks the frieze on all sides, and creates a band at the belt course.
More decorative brickwork exists around the windows.
Decorative calligraphy is all over China.
Decorative Candles Buy candles of all sizes on sale during the year.
Decorative cartouche is dark and rich.
Decorative ceilings remain.
Decorative centerpieces are available which are already made for fountains.
Decorative clipping is allowable.
Decorative clothing is also commonplace and comprises another large part of African art.
Decorative collars are extra and that depends on the complexity of the decoration.
Decorative concrete is the fastest growing sector in the concrete industry.
Decorative containers offer interesting ways to grow a wide variety of plants.
Decorative corners can be handmade.
Decorative details add to the value of a piece if the rest of the construction is good.
Decorative details are possible with the use of textures or embossed sheets.
Decorative details are usually small, hidden and floral in inspiration.
Decorative details encircle the clock above the main entrance and accents adorn the east elevation.
Decorative Doors Decorate a door for a warm welcome.
Decorative effects come from functional elements.
Decorative elements abound.
Decorative elements are spare and stylized.
Decorative elements can include animals, sea serpents, mermaids, scrollwork, cherubs, costumes, etc.
Decorative elements create a comfortable and personal atmosphere.
More decorative embellishments are also typical of the ceramic assemblage.
Some decorative features achieve results.
Some decorative features achieve same results.
Many decorative figures help depict the constellations.
Many decorative finishes are faux finishes.
Many decorative fixtures use non-cutoff fixtures.
Decorative foils require an adhesive for lamination.
Decorative fringe is easy to make.
Decorative fringes depend from gold fibulae in shape of palmettes.
Decorative glass adds a touch of elegance and class to any home.
Decorative glass features.
Decorative glass is in the transom window of the middle first story window in the bay.
Decorative glass plays an indispensable role in authentic period restoration.
Decorative grasses are safe.
Decorative hardware gives a rich appearance associated with more expensive cases.
Decorative heart cutouts on all.
Decorative hinges attach the door to the frame.
Most decorative holders are really wimpy - too light to hold even a small stocking.
Decorative hooks are an apartment dweller's best friend and can be used to hang pots and pans.
Decorative houses are great for nature lovers to bring a little bit of the outdoors inside.
Decorative items handcrafted are very popular to sell.
Decorative items made of wood and bamboo are also good bargains here.
Decorative items range from yu-wood hat chests to luscious red lacquer buckets.
Decorative Lampshades Get a few ideas for making interesting and easy lampshades.
Decorative lights add dimension and mood to exterior spaces and structures.
Decorative lighting can be a low cost alternative to achieve very desirable aesthetic effects.
Decorative lighting can help create a mood.
Decorative lighting provides illumination to a variety of rooms, each unique in function and design.
Decorative lintels crown the windows.
Decorative lion faces, terra cotta above main entrance remain in remarkable condition.
Decorative map shows the entire continent as heavily mountainous and wooded.
Decorative metallic striping for legs is available.
Most designs are done by designers.
Most designs are done by system designers.
Most designs are geometric, but some have birds or butterflies inside.
Most designs are in cotton or silk, with a few in wool.
Most designs are in full repeat and ready to use as is.
Most designs are of pagan and ancient origins.
Most designs are of the traditional geometric, with several incorporating animals or people.
Most designs are symbolic of natural forces, plants, animals or katsinas.
Most designs change over time.
Most designs change over years.
Most designs come from ideas.
Most designs come with a leather thong thumb-tether.
Most designs contain borders, corners and an assortment of sizes.
Most designs create hot spots.
Most designs create spots.
Most designs demonstrate power.
Most designs feature each of the five components described below.
Most designs feature flat surfaces.
Most designs feature metallic gold or silver as an accent.
Most designs follow patterns.
Most designs have a large size and a smaller size.
Most designs have a structure.
Most designs have a textured background.
Most designs have advantage.
Most designs have arrows half way down the sides and half way across the top and bottom.
Most designs have benefits.
Most designs have brief descriptions.
Most designs have descriptions.
Most designs have either a side panel, the box front, or the roof hinging up to get inside the box.
Most designs have five different sizes of all three components.
Most designs have further advantage.
Most designs have initial cost.
Most designs have sides.
Most designs have slight variation.
Most designs have text and clipart elements that can be replaced to customize the design.
Most designs have texture.
Most designs have the ball valve wide open when the trap is cold.
Most designs have variation.
Most designs incorporate the use of our own patented design of electric infrared heating elements.
Most designs increase numbers.
Most designs involve assumptions.
Most designs involve compromises.
Most designs involve several assumptions.
Most designs involve stages.
Most designs involve tests.
Most designs involve two very different completed layouts.
Most designs involve various stages.
Most designs make more senses.
Most designs make senses.
Most designs meet requirements.
Most designs offer advantage.
Most designs offer enough headroom to sit up and then slope down towards the feet.
Most designs offer knowledge.
Most designs play roles.
Most designs play significant roles.
Most designs play vital roles.
Most designs provide details.
Most designs provide for additional ceramic plate and groin protection, as required.
Most designs provide solutions.
Most designs require components.
Most designs require decisions.
Most designs require designers.
Most designs require minimal fan noise to satisfy users demands for quiet systems.
Most designs sandwich active material between two panes of glass.
Most designs seem to conform to race car standards of performance.
Most designs solve problems.
Most designs try to solve a variety of problems.
Most designs use analyses.
Most designs use instruments.
Most designs use optical instruments.
Most designs use organdy and beadsto enhance each bag's uniqueness.
Most designs use plastic or stainless steel.
Most designs use polypropylene as the base dielectric.
Most designs use principles.
Much design occurs in the context of large organizations.
Some design is included.
Some designs accept it as inevitable, and drainage gutters are provided.
Some designs add neutron reflectors or absorbers.
Some designs affect outcomes.
Some designs affect overall outcomes.
Some designs allow a change of media type without changing pulleys.
Some designs allow attachment.
Some designs allow detection.
Some designs allow for estimations.
Some designs allow for vertical adjustments, while others position the keys in a concave well.
Some designs allow heat.
Some designs allow it to be done with custom settings.
Some designs allow visitors.
Some designs also call for some programmability in the end product.
Some designs also feature gold plating.
Some designs also have a Coloring Page design.
Some designs also involve imbedding wire or wooden dowels into the paper mache as part of the mask.
Some designs also store braking energy in a flywheel , which can also charge a battery .
Some designs also store braking energy in a flywheel, which can also charge a battery.
Some designs are actually short enough to ride on one step of an escalator.
Some designs are adaptations from pattern book publications.
Some designs are also available on bracelets and pendants.
Some designs are also available ready-built.
Some designs are also similar to designs seen in Plains Beadwork and painting.
Some designs are an additional charge.
Some designs are available in miniature.
Some designs are better for long spans.
Some designs are better than others, but no one design is best for all situations.
Some designs are better than others.
Some designs are bigger and some smaller.
Some designs are distinctly Celtic while others are inspired by more universal themes.
Some designs are for research only.
Some designs are fragrant, with the smell lasting for some weeks.
Some designs are ingenious, like a stool that can be turned into a ladder and a laundry bucket.
Some designs are inherently prone to fade, while other designs are relatively immune.
Some designs are larger in size and some also allow for personalization.
Some designs are linear , some are synthesizing , and others are recursive .
Some designs are modern and graphic.
Some designs are mohair while others are acrylic.
Some designs are more dramatic than others.
Some designs are noisy.
Some designs are patent registered.
Some designs are product of our creation.
Some designs are rubber lined to absorb the impact of abrasive fluids.
Some designs are simply better than others.
Some designs are used by engineers.
Some designs are weak for acoustics and sight.
Some designs are wider than they are tall.
Some designs bring results.
Some designs bury the house and use the earth temperature as a high mass wall.
Some designs call for a small centrifuge on board a non-rotating craft.
Some designs call for content to be the main focus and hypertext links take center stage.
Some designs cause injuries.
Some designs collect water in the legs.
Some designs combine size.
Some designs consist of treatments.
Some designs create beauty.
Some designs create development.
Some designs create forces.
Some designs create security.
Some designs create upward forces.
Some designs create upward net forces.
Some designs demand the highest performance ADCs available.
Some designs depend on patterns.
Some designs depend on weather patterns.
Some designs enable researchers.
Some designs ensure cost.
Some designs even have the letters of the phrase stacked, reading from top to bottom.
Some designs exist to make the CEO happy, and others focus on making the designer look good.
Some designs feature a sunken deck or well forward, often the full size of the deck.
Some designs feature subtle texture, fringe and cobweb or rhinestone detailing.
Some designs focus on goals.
Some designs focus on measurements.
Some designs generate electricity.
Some designs generate results.
Some designs have a ground circuit interrupter built into the end of the plug.
Some designs have designs.
Some designs have different shapes.
Some designs have essence.
Some designs have hooks, chains or rings hanging off the bottom to help grab the snagged lure.
Some designs have impact.
Some designs have Incan or Mayan influences.
Some designs have instructions in PDF format and others are in zipped files.
Some designs have leaves.
Some designs have shades handpainted to match the finish of the castings.
Some designs have shapes.
Some designs have values.
Some designs have visual impact.
Some designs help conditions.
Some designs help environmental conditions.
Some designs help friction.
Some designs incorporate cages, baskets or cones that fit into the bird's cavity.
Some designs incorporate new features.
Some designs incorporate new security features.
Some designs incorporate parking brakes as well.
Some designs incorporate security features.
Some designs incorporate techniques.
Some designs investigate condensation.
Some designs involve food.
Some designs involve rollers.
Some designs lead to domestication.
Some designs make it easier to take pictures, others make it harder.
Some designs make use of recycled materials in their construction.
Some designs match designs available on the address plaques.
Some designs now feature removable nest trays that allow for easier monitoring and cleaning.
Some designs pack the chute very tightly inside a canister.
Some designs provide advantage.
Some designs provide efficient methods.
Some designs provide methods.
Some designs really have it tough.
Some designs reduce chances.
Some designs reduce current.
Some designs reduce interference.
Some designs replace the posterior cruciate ligament while others leave the natural ligament intact.
Some designs require extra-sized hoops.
Some designs require glue.
Some designs require phases.
Some designs result in breaks.
Some designs result in consequences.
Some designs seem to defy the ebbing and flowing of fashion.
Some designs shed more particles than others.
Some designs show comas.
Some designs show fringes.
Some designs show power.
Some designs show rainbows.
Some designs show thin fringes.
Some designs show violet fringes.
Some designs suggest geometrical Persian rug patterns, others Venetian brocades.
Some designs take advantage.
Some designs use a folding tail that can be operated from the ground.
Some designs use bags.
Some designs use complicated protection circuits that are external to the core amplifier.
Some designs use energy.
Some designs use garbage bags.
Some designs use glued elastomers.
Some designs use large bags.
Some designs use large plastic garbage bags.
Some designs use many pieces in trying to imitate the shape of a cambered deck.
Some designs use methods.
Some designs use more sophisticated signal processing, but the end result is roughly the same.
Some designs use mother of pearl or egg shell inlays that incorporate many additional steps.
Some designs use plastic bags.
Some designs use plastic garbage bags.
Some designs use single wafers rather than wafer pairs.
Some designs use stages to move a tool across the work.
Some designs work because of an overall blending of different materials and design elements.
Some designs work better for pediatric clients while others are better and for adults.
Some designs work better than others.
Designate table footnotes by raised lowercase letters, numerals, or asterisks as appropriate.
Designated airspace is used to train pilots and test fighter planes and air-based weapons systems.
Designated beneficiaries are important in determining distribution.
Designated campsites have a fire ring, pit toilet, and table.
Designated campsites have fire grates and wilderness latrines.
Designated children work with a tutor in small groups four days a week in the reading center.
Designated contributions are place in individual accounts or annuity contracts as elected.
Designated courses are limited to supervisors only.
A designated driver is a driver
Designated drivers are drivers.
Designated drivers enter free with a paid admission.
Designated drivers get a free nonalcoholic beverage.
Designated drivers have such a wonderful social responsibility .
Designated drivers receive a free beverage.
Designated drivers receive free non-alcoholic beverages all day.
Designated drivers receive free soft drinks.
Designated drivers save lives and cut down on court costs.
Designated electives refer to courses selected from a list specified by the department.
Designated faculty serve as communications links with each academic department.
Designated floodplains are subject to development restrictions.
Designated floors are open to freshman.
Designated halls are subject to change depending on actual number of occupants.
Designated information is extracted automatically without the intervention of the operator.
Designated laboratories test oil and grease samples and provide the results to the supported units.
Designated libraries receive copies of all government information for local citizen use.
Designated minors give a background adequate for graduate study in physics.
Designated occupations are new and each one is as different as the industry that sponsored it.
Designated partners begin by discussing the best focus for the session and the desired outcomes.
Designated parties are responsible for assuring that workers complete the training.
Designated property is any of the following.
Designated proxies are usually graduate students, secretaries or research associates.
Designated roadways are routes developed on low traffic streets and on roads where traffic is slow.
Designated routers allow a reduction in network traffic and in the size of the topological database.
Designated sections are open to horses and mountain bikes.
Designated spaces are available throughout the campus.
Designated staff are available at most sites.
Designated trails are well marked with directional signs and levels of expertise.
Designated trails run through six state parks, three national forests and privately owned land.
Designated trails run throughout the property.
Designated uses are the water uses specified in water quality standards for each water body.
Designated users can access the relational database to get a global view of network security.
Designated users can include faculty, students, teachers, staff, and researchers.
A designation is a name
Designation also applies to named activities and certain functions.
Designation can be at a ,  or  level.
Designation can include any psychology program as long as it meets all of the guidelines.
Designation celebrates pre-eminent museum collections outside the National museums.
Designation insures that the money goes where it is meant to go.
Designation is a form of protection for significant buildings and districts.
Designation is a political process enacted by bodies of government duly authorized to designate.
Designation is a thankless job.
Designation is an encouragement.
Designation is based on technical considerations which include geographical and subject relevance.
Designation is exempt.
Designation is for seven years.
Designation is highly competitive and is bestowed on Connecticut s most valued roadways.
Designation is non-exempt.
Designation is prospective c.
Designation isa part.
Designation isa portion.
Designation prevents development of land, including mining and timber cutting.
Designation provides greater protection for special historic and scientifically significant lands.
Designation recognises the national and international importance of the collections.
Designation results from an evaluation by cancer experts in the nation.
Designation stands for the full academic year and applies to all sections of the course.
Designation triggers some challenging requirements, particularly for smaller agencies.
Designations apply individually.
Designations apply to at least one formulation of specified products.
Designations are a real plus.
Designations are a sign of excellence and commitment to serving customers.
Designations are case sensitive.
Designations are currently available in the following areas.
Designations are determination.
Designations are effective for eight years.
Designations are for limited areas identified locally.
Designations are indicative of management's intent rather than some legal restriction.
Designations are irrelevant.
Designations are no longer relevant.
Designations can be suitable for refuges.
Designations involve significant rights and responsibilities for all parties.
Designations requiring matching operating systems varies by track.
Designations tend to be forgotten about after the initial excitement of the formal designation.
Designations using per stirpes designations are unacceptable.
All designations are appropriate for non-architectural applications as well.
All designations have to be based on intelligent guesses by the researchers in the particular field.
All designations require a minimum of three years' experience in the field plus courses of study.
Most designations cover specific areas zoned locally for manufacturing or commercial use.
Some designations actually require a judicial recommendation.
DesignCAD animation works on the same principle used by motion pictures and animated cartoons.
Designer babies are the latest craze to sweep across Hollywood.
Designer clothing can go cheap and good deals abound.
A designer drug is a psychoactive drug
Designer drugs are copies of controlled substances and are produced by bootleg chemists.
Designer drugs are expensive.
Designer drugs are extremely dangerous.
Designer drugs are illegally manufactured modifications of prescription drugs, often stimulants.
Designer drugs are illicit variations of other drugs.
Designer drugs are laboratory-made versions of already existing drugs.
Designer drugs are most often addictive and create a euphoric, intoxicated state for the user.
Designer drugs are often addictive.
Designer drugs are psychoactive drugs.
Designer drugs are various kinds of street drugs that are developed in illegal laboratories.
Designer drugs derived from fentanyl are extremely potent and have a strong potential for overdose.
Designer drugs distort reality and speed the system up.
Designer drugs have no accepted medical purpose.
Designer drugs mimic an already illegal drug by slightly altering the chemical composition.
Designer drugs speeds up the heart rate and and distorts reality.
Designer foods offer the consumer a significant opportunity to develop a healthier lifestyle.
Designer jeans tend to be more costly.
A designer is a specialist
Designer acknowledges problem, proposes fix.
Designer boutiques front flower-lined boulevard.
Designer can also add and delete station points.
Designer can create and store each model s grid and apply a range of fabrics to it.
Designer can create or transform an image, save it, and place it on the page in mere minutes.
Designer can import graphics from many different programs.
Designer can now build their own custom lint tool suited to their own unique design environment.
Designer can then interpret the shape and provide shaping instructions for that piece.
Designer can view received attachments after a course is reset.
Designer Childrens Wear Good quality secondhand childrens clothing.
Designer Click on each picture to view a larger image.
Designer comes with an extensive library of clipart.
Designer comes with certain perils.
Designer completes the job and submits it to an editor.
Designer cookies in a designer coffee cup.
Designer creates flag for every occasion.
Designer crops that produce both food and other valuable, engineered products make a lot of sense.
Designer delicacies that add drama for any design on paper or on fabric.
Designer Develops graphic solutions to achieve marketing goals.
Designer does the rest.
Designer dogs welcome.
Designer drastically reduces application development time.
Designer drugs rival marijuana as drugs of choice for high school-age children.
Designer ensures that the stylesheets have the right syntax and generate well-formed XML documents.
Designer estrogens .
Designer estrogens promise a safer, more tolerable estrogen that has traditional efficacy.
Designer finds niche with unique handbags Go to story.
Designer follows procedure for return of all production materials of commercial print jobs.
Designer hallucinogens distort perception and thought.
Designer has complete control over presentation.
Designer has to be involved with the installation of any systems.
Designer have difficult time to optimize interconnect parameters for circuit performances.
Designer here is like a property page.
Designer imposes some restrictions on user extensions.
Designer is a highly visual tool for creating universes.
Designer is a less specific category that spans a huge variety of tasks.
Designer is amazingly versatile - for drinks, shakes, muffins, cereal or pancakes.
Designer is the most popular professional-level laser show software on Earth.
Designer is used to layout and design the form.
Designer isa specialist.
Designer labels at a pittance of original price.
Designer labels each production disk for print vendor with job name and date.
Designer labels on accessories are perceived as an indicator of social status.
Designer linens and down comforters complement the decor of the bedrooms.
Designer makes any needed changes to layout.
Designer makes changes to final layout.
Designer notes for the three scenarios above.
Designer oils for better nutrition.
Designer Overlapping colored polygons appear transparent when printed.
Designer refers to the default font of the computer system.
Designer reviews the job.
Designer rings with magnificent head and mane formation.
Designer starts work.
Designer suites with fireplaces and private bathrooms.
Designer supports a wide variety of databases and front-end and midtier applications.
Designer supports as many cross sections as are desired.
Designer tops, nightgowns and lingerie.
Designer uses a command called GET to capture the information online.
Designer uses old looks, new designs to bring a homey feeling to downtown's new hotel.
Designer watches with lifetime guarantee.
Designer wear for men.
Designers add puzzles which are difficult simply to be difficult.
Designers already have audacious new plans lurking in their desks.
Designers also are quite happy with only statistical correctness.
Designers also can communicate nonverbally.
Designers also focus on system flexibility.
Designers also have the ability to utilize animations within other animations.
Many different viruses can cause the common cold.
Many different viruses can cause viral meningitis.
Many different viruses can infect plants.
Many different viruses cause colds.
Different visas have different rules.
Different visualizations work better for different people.
Different voices create different effects on the reader.
Different voices have different musical pitches.
Different voices have different natural sounding ranges of pitch.
Different voices read related quotations and narrative to bring the portrait to life.
Different voices speak of their experience and offer possible explanations.
Different voltages are available on request.
Different volumes are available on butterflies and moths of eastern and western North America.
Different volumes cover different literary periods.
More different vowels sounds exist than different vowel letters.
Different WANs have different methods of link establishment.
Different warranties do different things different ways for different lengths of time.
Different warranties offer different protection.
Different waters offer different opportunities.
Different wave shapes cause different hallucinations.
Different waves affect the human body.
Different wavelengths are sensitive to vegetation or to ground surface phenomena.
Different wavelengths combine in slightly different directions producing a rainbow spectrum.
Different wavelengths come into focus at different distances behind the lens of the eye.
Different wavelengths diffracting off the lines are bent by different amouns, producing a spectrum.
Different wavelengths have different phase speeds.
Different ways exist by which donors can fulfill their charitable goals.
Different ways give different heights.
Different ways work with different kids and parents.
Any different way is sexual perversion.
Different weapons are good for different things.
Different weapons are more effective than others when fighting the end bosses.
Different weapons have different attack ranges as well as different damage capabilities.
Different weapons have different degrees of homing leading to a difference in arc as well as speed.
Different weapons have different effects.
Different weapons have different zoom sizes.
Different weapons have special uses.
Different weapons have their own distinguishing muzzle reports, and the music is absolutely awesome.
Different weapons work better on different enemies.
Many different weapon spells including fireballs and venom spells.
Some different weapons have animation.
Different weather corresponds to different islands.
Different Web hosting companies offer different services, and their prices can vary greatly.
Different webmasters post information about their sites in different engine search databases.
Different weeds scatter their seeds in different ways.
Different weekdays have different workload levels.
Different weights are available depending on conditions and activity level.
Different whales have very different food requirements.
Different wheels work differently in many fluid conditions.
Different widths are possible.
Different widths offer the highest flexibility.
Different wildfires burn differently.
Different wildflowers bloom at different times throughout the summer.
Different wildflowers bloom in all different seasons.
Many different wildflowers do well in Wisconsin.
Different winds bring different weather conditions, depending on from which direction they blow.
Different windows can have different items on their window menu.
Different windows display different aspects of the underlying data base.
Different windows function in different ways.
Different wines benefit from longer or only short aging.
Different wines offer tremendously different textural sensations.
Different witnesses see the same event differently.
Different women embody different characteristics.
Different women experience side effects differently.
Different women have different amounts of flow during their periods.
Different women have different goals.
Different women have different preferences.
Different women have different responses after giving birth.
Different women have different sets of values.
Different women have different symptoms.
Different women have different ways of riding the high horse.
Different women have so many different admirable qualities.
Different women ovulate at different times in their cycle.
Different women react differently to the pill.
Different women respond differently to the decrease in the level of serotonin.
Different women respond to different treatments.
Different woods have different abilities to cause irritation as splinters.
Different woods have different densities, grains, and mechanical properties.
Different woods have different mechanical properties.
Different woods have different sounds.
Different woods have different tonal qualities.
Different woods react differently to dampness or flooding.
Different woods require different approaches.
Different words can correspond to the same element in a finitely presented group.
Different words can mean different things in different languages.
Different words have different meanings depending on the context.
Different words have different meanings when they are pronounced a certain way.
Different words have different orders of letters.
Different words make the members feel special and separate from outsiders.
Different words mean different things in different countries.
Different words mean different things in different subjects.
Every different word has a different character.
Many different words enter one s mind when they hear advocacy.
Different works mean different things to different people.
Different works serve different purposes for their users.
Different workers approach the problem in different ways.
Different workers are needed for each phase of a geothermal plant's development.
Different workers prefer different benefit packages.
Different workers scrub floors and counters.
Different workers work on different activities to make sure the colony runs smooth.
Many different workers have jobs in a foundry.
Many different workshops are available.
Different worlds are all close at hand when using logical transformation expression.
Different worms use different methods to propagate.
Different wrestlers have different abilities.
Different writers face different dilemmas indeveloping good writing habits.
Different writers pick up on different things.
Different writers read and talked about their work to a predominantly O'odham audience.
Different writers separate the author from the date, and the date from the page in differing ways.
Different writers use different methods.
Different writers use different strategies.
Many different writers can use the application to submit documents.
Different yeasts are used by bakers, brewers, and vintners to make their bread, beer, or wine.
Different yeasts exhibit different degrees of flocculence.
Different yeasts produce different results, and have different tolerance levels.
Different zebras have different colored stripes.
Different zoos provide different food items to their carnivorous animals.
Every differentiable function is continuous.
Differential access highlights the institution character of gender inequality.
Differential algebra is a generalization of classical commutative algebra.
Differential algebra is the study of such fields, suitably axiomatized.
Differential amplification takes more parts to execute.
Differential amplifiers comprise the first stage of most op amps.
Differential amplifiers have a number of advantages over conventional single-ended amplifiers.
Differential amplifiers preserve the balance of the input signal.
Differential analysts do it in a degenerate case.
Differential backups are overall faster than full backups, but take longer to restore.
Differential backups capture all data that has changed since the last full backup.
Differential backups copy all the data which has changed since the last full backup.
Differential backups take up more disk space than an incremental backup.
Differential behavior is due to different schedules.
Differential billing is supported for enhanced service development.
Differential cables connect up to eight Differential drivers and receivers.
A differential calculus is science
Differential calculus investigates functions and their derivatives.
Differential calculus is involved with the study of rates of processes.
Differential calculus is primarily concerned with the rate at which quantities change in a process.
Differential calculus is the branch of calculus which treats such problems.
Differential calculus is the opposite of integral calculus.
Differential calculus is the study of rates of change of functions.
Differential calculuses are calculuses.
Differential correction Enable the students to post-process their field data.
Differential correction is required to reduce the error cause by atmospheric interference.
Differential credit is awarded according to requirements defined by instructor.
Differential cryptanalysis represents an approach to finding more subtle correlations.
Differential database downloads Save network bandwidth and decrease download time.
Differential deals based on customer risk are likely soon.
Differential delay is the difference in absolute delays between two circuits.
A differential diagnosis is a medical diagnosis
Differential diagnoses includes adenomatoid malformation, bronchogenic cyst, hygroma.
Differential diagnoses includes hemangiopericytoma, hemangioma and fibrous tumor.
Differential diagnosis based solely on clinical judgement can lead to inappropriate treatment.
Differential diagnosis can lead to improved treatment of the patient, as well as genetic counseling.
Differential diagnosis includes a complicated cyst, an angiomyolipoma.
Differential diagnosis includes eczema.
Differential diagnosis includes encephalitis due to other viruses - especially arboviruses.
Differential diagnosis includes healed rickets and osseous syphilis.
Differential diagnosis includes infection and in particular tuberculosis.
Differential diagnosis includes other conditions that can cause wasting in pigs.
Differential diagnosis includes pulmonary embolization, fluid overload and aspiration.
Differential diagnosis includes twisted or ruptured adnexa and appendicitis.
Differential diagnosis involves a comprehensive multidisciplinary evaluation.
Differential diagnosis involves identifying Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
Differential diagnosis is emphasized, giving clinical relevance to the discipline.
Differential diagnosis is essential.
Differential diagnosis is important.
Differential diagnosis is similar to that for constipation.
Differential diagnosis is simplified by immunophenotyping.
Differential diagnosis is with choroid plexus carcinoma or anaplastic ependymoma.
Differential diagnosis lies mainly between pulmonary stenosis and pulmonary hypertension.
Differential diagnosis requires consideration of other diseases involving the eye.
Differential diagnosises are medical diagnosises.
Differential display is a challenging technique to master.
Differential drive uses two output port pins which are driven to complementary levels.
A differential equation is an equation
Differential equations are a major component of the models.
Differential equations are equations.
Differential equations are mathematical constructs which define the rates of changes of variables.
Differential equations are the most challenging and important problems in mathematics.
Differential equations arising from first principle models are generally nonlinear.
Differential equations can be of any order and complexity.
Differential equations describe all types of movement.
Differential equations describe movement.
Differential equations give a formula for the derivative- the change in a quantity per unit time.
Differential equations is a required course for a major in mathematics.
Differential equations is also a help but is by no means necessary.
Differential equations is an extension of integral calculus.
Differential equations is the capstone of a four semester sequence of courses.
Differential equations is, in some sense, advanced advanced calculus.
Differential equations make reaction time a natural prediction of connectionist models.
All differential equations require boundary conditions.
Differential expression is shown as differences in color intensity.
Differential forms are of considerable interest now in physics.
Differential forms exist on any diff manifold, pseudoscalars only on orientable diff.
Differential forms provide the analytic framework.
Differential geometers do it on smooth contours.
Differential geometers do it over and under the curves.
Differential geometry is a crucial tool in modern physics.
Differential geometry is the language of modern physics as well as an area of mathematical delight.
Differential geometry is the study of curved surfaces and their higher-dimensional generalizations.
Differential geometry is the study of geometry in terms of infinitesimals.
Differential grasshopper is a common corn pest.
Differential grasshoppers are well adapted to feeding on cultivated crops and are also good fliers.
Differential grasshoppers are yellow in appearance and have a fishbone pattern on their hind femurs.
Differential growth can therefore have dramatic affects on the phenotype of an organism.
Differential heating plays an important role in atmospheric motion at all scales.
Differential housing offset to provide straight-line drive.
Differential input allows four-lead measurement of the sensor signal.
Differential inputs eliminate ground loops and noise pickup.
Differential inputs permit either inverting or non-inverting operation.
Differential legitimacy is the process commonly known as the good old boy system.
Differential lines are highly immune to noise pickup and provide excellent common-mode rejection.
Differential lines provide a canceling effect on noise due to their complementary nature.
Differential linearity is a measure of the diameter of each bucket.
Differential measurement helps reject noise that originated from the ground.
Differential media allows for distinguishing different bacteria on the basis of colonial appearance.
Differential metabolism is the most common mechanism of selectivity with modern herbicides.
Differential mortality does make a difference in estimated lifetime behaviour.
Differential mortality has the potential to alter population dynamics in exposed populations.
Differential number counts as a function of flux.
Differential number counts versus redshift for different flux limits and .
Differential pay is provided for Officers assigned to evening and midnight shifts.
Differential pay recognizes work hours that fall outside the normal work day.
Differential predation enhances the dilution effect.
Differential pressure is the pressure difference between the pressure measured at D and at d.
Differential pricing applies.
Differential pricing is a common practice in the world of atoms.
Differential rating is a difficult policy instrument to use for roading.
Differential refraction is due to turbulent fluctuations of the electron number density.
Differential reinforcement is a way that people can learn to make correct responses over time .
Differential reinforcement is a way that people can learn to make correct responses over time.
Differential reinforcement is used to teach people to make correct responses .
Differential reinforcement is used to teach people to make correct responses.
Differential reproduction is the maximum reproductive capacity of a population of individuals.
Differential reproduction occurs between the poorly and better adapted individuals.
Differential rotation is only possible if the planet is fluid.
Differential rotation is the different rotational speeds of different vertical depths in the sun.
Differential rotation provides an easy way to produce a spiral pattern in the disk.
Differential signals are immune to common-mode noise, the primary source of system noise.
Differential signals provide high resolution and increased accuracy of the input signal.
Differential signals use two conductors to carry signals that complement one another.
Differential signaling helps increase immunity to electrical noise.
Differential stains use two or more dyes and distinguish various properties or organisms.
Differential stress is the major difference between the two.
Differential support means teaching individual children in individual ways.
Differential synchrotron ageing in the extended lobes can account for the former new result.
Differential testing is designed to provide such comparisons.
Differential testing requires that two or more comparable systems be available to the tester.
Differential topology is the study of the global properties of manifolds.
Differential treatment is when parenting is different for each child.
Differential tuition applies.
Differential tuition is good in theory, it just has to be implemented correctly.
Differential weighting reflects the expertise and legal limits under qualified thrift lender.
Differential applies if floated to beyond identified units.
Differential is a calculation
Differential is differences.
Differentials are expensive.
Differentials can cause problems - the unit is set very low to the ground and is easily knocked.
Differentials Consider a sphere rolling straight up an inclined plane.
Differentials vary depending on the option selected.
Differentials work by averaging the angular velocities of the rotations on both sides.
Every differential has a breather.
Differentiate meter signatures.
Differentiated cells are less likely to become cancerous.
Differentiated cells are the mature cells that perform specialized tasks appropriate to the organ.
Differentiated cells contain large amounts of specific proteins associated with the cell function.
Differentiated cells specialize in different physiological functions.
More differentiated cells contain red cytoplasmic granules.
Differentiated impacts can occur across North America .
Differentiated instruction is the answer to personalized learning.
Differentiated marketing can be very expensive, both in time and effort and in money.
Differentiated presentation is recommended, such as italics, smaller font or in a different column.
Differentiated programmes require focusing on product and service quality.
Differentiated services are the engine driving service provider profitability.
Differentiated supervision builds on effective practices that focus on improved student performance.
Differentiated values are most prominent in the literature.
A differentiation is discrimination
Differentiation also comes from the shape and size of the screen objects.
Differentiation also depends upon the strength of selective pressures.
Differentiation also is part of our definition.
Differentiation based on gender is evident in almost every society.
Differentiation becomes hyperdifferentiation .
Differentiation becomes individuation.
Differentiation begins with the first cell division that leads to a new animal.
Differentiation brings about many advantages to the firm which makes use of the strategies.
Differentiation can earn above average profits even in slow growth or declining market.
Differentiation comes in the form of product, volume, speed, pricing, and investor protections.
Differentiation depends on gene expression which is regulated mostly during transcription.
Differentiation depends on the season and the course of the symptoms.
Differentiation determines the slope of a function.
Differentiation early begins, however.
Differentiation focuses on the cellular level.
Differentiation follows determination, as the cell elaborates a cell-specific developmental program.
Differentiation generally results from the expression of cell type-specific genes.
Differentiation helps create value through unique logistic service.
Differentiation includes proliferation and apoptosis.
Differentiation involves examining the behaviour of gradients to a curve at a given point.
Differentiation involves making changes in the depth or breadth of student learning.
Differentiation is a continual process.
Differentiation is a fine motor skill.
Differentiation is a fundamental characteristic of the universe.
Differentiation is a fundamental mechanism of evolutionary life.
Differentiation is a key component in the fifth grade curriculum.
Differentiation is a key to marketing success.
Differentiation is a measure of a tumor's resemblance to normal tissue.
Differentiation is a principle of life .
Differentiation is a real key.
Differentiation is a term from the world of biology and the physical sciences.
Differentiation is about one's capacity to be autonomous while remaining connected.
Differentiation is achieved by differential gene expression.
Differentiation is applied to extreme problems and to problems in related rates.
Differentiation is based on clinical data and radiographs in many cases.
Differentiation is based on reasonable factors other than age.
Differentiation is based on the presence of mitotic figures.
Differentiation is caused by the energy going in two directions.
Differentiation is clearer within genres.
Differentiation is common in American cities and Charlotte is no different in that respect.
Differentiation is considered standard practice for meeting the needs of the gifted.
Differentiation is definitely a survival skill in business.
Differentiation is dependent on the presence or absence of testosterone a.
Differentiation is described quarterly through differentiated plans provided to parents.
Differentiation is how multicellular organisms form specialized cells.
Differentiation is important because treatment of pasteurellosis and mycoplasmosis is different.
Differentiation is important, but can be easily done during the examination.
Differentiation is initiated when hexose decreases and sucrose increases.
Differentiation is key.
Differentiation is made, however, in using headings for subject and descriptive cataloging.
Differentiation is more noise than anything else.
Differentiation is muddled by warp speed development.
Differentiation is necessary for progress.
Differentiation is no longer the magic key to success.
Differentiation is nullified.
Differentiation is only the positive aspect of development.
Differentiation is perhaps the most significant event in the history of the Earth.
Differentiation is possible only through biopsy.
Differentiation is probably the single clearest evidence.
Differentiation is really important, and it's important to recognize the changes in the environment.
Differentiation is reduction of complexity.
Differentiation is seen throughout many industries, especially the automobile industry.
Differentiation is stopped immediately by simply washing the slides in water.
Differentiation is the basis of genuine love.
Differentiation is the development of specialized cells that are organized into tissues and organs.
Differentiation is the key to the survival and success of any business venture.
Differentiation is the key, especially as the Internet's influence soars.
Differentiation is the natural process whereby cells specialize into a certain kind of cell.
Differentiation is the process a cell undergoes to become specialized for a certain funciton.
Differentiation is the process by which cells become more specialized.
Differentiation is the process by which specialized cells become unspecialized.
Differentiation is the process where various rock types are produced from a common magma.
Differentiation is the recognition of and commitment to plan for student differences.
Differentiation is the specialization of a cell line.
Differentiation is thought to caused by homeotic gene expression.
Differentiation is through presentation, distribution and peripheral aspects.
Differentiation is to many people a form of sin.
Differentiation is with respect to the variable of highest precedence.
Differentiation is with respect to time.
Differentiation is, however, the only way to be successful in today's market.
Differentiation isa cognition.
Differentiation isa knowledge.
Differentiation leads to a society on the model of a sprawling shopping mall.
Differentiation means tailoring instruction to meet individual needs.
Differentiation means that an infant's abilities becomes increasingly distinct and specific.
Differentiation means that the new cell is more specialized in form and function.
Differentiation occurs as a result of the acquisition or loss of specific growth factor receptors.
Differentiation occurs as cells take on specific structures and then functions.
Differentiation refers to different sections of a building being distinguishable.
Differentiation refers to how closely the cancerous cells resemble their cells of origin.
Differentiation requires a strong, local gravitational field.
Differentiation rests on the other, more significant assessment process.
Differentiation seems to be very popular among many businesses.
Differentiation seems to be what it's all about.
Differentiation starts with continuing rounds of cell divisions.
Differentiation takes place first, followed by integration.
Differentiation tends to insulate a firm against competitive rivalry because of brand loyalty.
Differentiations are discrimination.
Differentiations depend on expression.
Differentiations depend on surface expression.
Differentiations require analyses.
Differentiation usually occurs in the early part of winter.
All differentiation is based upon modification in the metabohc activities of the cells.
All differentiation is based upon modification in the metabolic activities of the cells.
Any differentiation is purely conceptual and is of practical use for our daily life.
Most differentiations depend on expression.
Most differentiations depend on surface expression.
Most differentiations require analyses.
Some differentiations have features.
Some differentiations occur in responses.
Some differentiations require activations.
Some differentiations require isolation.
Some differentiations support hypotheses.
Some differentiations take places.
A differentiator is a person
Differentiators earn above average profits because of their ability to engage in premium pricing.
Difficult access has kept many wilderness areas pristine, laws protect others.
More difficult access keeps many away.
Difficult applications require unique face stocks, adhesives, shapes and sizes.
Difficult babies are more irritable while easy babies are cheerful and relaxed.
Difficult babies respond vigorously to hunger and other discomforts.
Difficult babies tend to be unpredictable.
Difficult babies tend to be very emotional, irritable and fussy, and cry a lot.
Distributors charge extra for shipping.
Distributors clamor for higher fees that then get shifted onto fund customers' backs.
Distributors Click a region on the map to find the nearest distributors.
Distributors click here to verify account status .
Distributors Click on the banners below to visit our cool distributors.
Distributors Click to go to Distributors Area .
Distributors collect and remit the tax to the state.
Distributors collect, inspect, bundle and deliver garments to their respective owners.
Distributors communicate with their producers and customers by telephone.
Distributors compare markets with advertising against markets with no advertising.
Distributors cover the north American, European, and Asian markets.
Distributors create their own labels, which tend to be fairly simple and easy to read.
Distributors deliver the content to consumers.
Distributors demand lower and lower prices from suppliers and demand faster turn-around times.
Distributors do a lot of work to get a keg into a restaurant.
Distributors do more than merely take the hassle out of ordering promotional products.
Distributors do take title to goods, and mark up the goods for resale.
Distributors earn certain commissions and discounts.
Distributors earn in direct proportion to their ability to sell product and build an organization.
Distributors expand government division staffing.
Distributors expect a steady increase in the use of their Web sites to carry out transactions.
Distributors Find distributors.
Distributors find it is a good starting point for discussions about anarchism.
Distributors forgive America by a pants out either name.
Distributors gain rapid access to fund information as well as an enhanced level of fund analy tics .
Distributors generally take the billing for the products or services they sell to other companies.
Distributors get a discount for a minimum quantity purchase.
Distributors get a product discount, but do have regular requirements to meet.
Distributors get free, exclusive territories.
Distributors get records into stores.
Distributors get the cards to retailers.
Distributors get the full payout of all commissions and none roll back to the company.
Distributors give resellers access to hundreds of product lines in a single supplier.
Distributors have a financial incentive to reduce the incidence of surges and brownouts over time.
Distributors have a road map, but the future remains uncharted.
Distributors have a sales staff or reps that call on chains and regional stores.
Distributors have access to janCentral content, and the company hosts and maintains the site.
Distributors have an even higher hill to climb for fee-based services.
Distributors have less money for foreign imports, allowing local fare room to breathe.
Distributors have more similarities than differences regardless of the products they handle.
Distributors have only so much room on their shelves.
Distributors have several alternatives, none entirely satisfactory.
Distributors have several options when choosing an operations software provider.
Distributors have the option to sponsor in other individuals as Distributors.
Distributors have to insist that a program is a one-year minimum.
Distributors help retail accounts get advertising in the print and broadcast media.
Distributors leave away a cart but pack red deer.
Distributors log on to the customized Web pages using a standard browser and Internet connection.
Distributors love to present themselves as one-stop shops.
Distributors maintain a database of dealers.
Distributors maintain control over who they trade with.
Distributors make profit on re-supplying oil.
Distributors make upon all past indeed follow pain in leg.
Distributors meet the needs of customers with lower volume requirements.
Distributors midget auto racing.
Distributors offer professional assistance .
Distributors only have access to their own information.
Distributors Only Welcome to our Distributors Only area.
Distributors operate within the areas determined by concession agreements.
Distributors pass on the credit to the retailers.
Distributors pay state excise taxes, which are passed along to consumers.
Distributors pay the bulk of state excise taxes, which are passed on to the consumers.
Distributors perform a similar service by acting as intermediaries for manufacturers' personnel.
Distributors point to a broad scope of building opportunities as their main source of growth.
Distributors promise it helps melt away fat deposits by increasing the body's metabolic rate.
Distributors provide a critical link in the supply chain.
Distributors receive a package ready to walk on to a beach and earning money immediately.
Distributors receive a residual for every billable call.
Distributors receive exemptions for items purchased for resale.
Distributors receive phone calls prompting updated information.
Distributors receive special training videos at no added cost.
Distributors regret to that keys and runs callaway clone.
Distributors ruin Bud in little mass in one passage.
Distributors save clients time and money by offering integrated products.
Distributors say commercial printing jobs often fail after the printing is completed.
Distributors say part of commercial printing's complexity stems from the lack of repeat orders.
Distributors say the growing amount of sideways selling seems to be a key motivator.
Distributors say the work is worth it.
Distributors scarcely sell a manufactories' goods directly to customers.
Distributors See the map below for distributors in the United States.
Distributors See which distributors DTC sells to directly.
Distributors send printed catalogs to lists of buyers.
Distributors stay home.
Distributors suggest taking plant tours and reading articles in trade magazines.
Distributors supply printers and influence their selection of paper products.
Distributors supply products to our resellers.
Distributors tend to be national distributors.
Distributors then pay monthly subscription fees that cover all basic system operating costs.
Distributors There are distributor audits to evaluate a variety of quality issues including safety.
Distributors typically sell pesticides at a very low profit margin.
Distributors use it to assess VARs' reactions to various products and programs.
Distributors use IT to generate revenue for the company as well.
Distributors use sales catalogs and sales representatives to promote books to book buyers.
Distributors use the fliers to get customers to order products.
Distributors welcome locally or around the world.
Distributors work to service the manufacturers and the retailers, plus gain new retail customers.
Distributors worry out most inline-skating.
Distributors always receive latest copies of our products free, as well as beta releases.
Distributors often do advertising and perform product servicing functions.
Distributors often error in setting the price for entire families of products.
Distributors often find themselves in similar situations.
Distributors often give inaccurate information concerning standard gallons per load.
Distributors often join a mlm company and quit ten minutes later to join another one.
Distributors often prefer to hire employees who have a strong welding background.
Distributors sometimes work a little like a publisher.
Distributors usually carry a range of non-competing, complementary product lines.
Distributors usually make a well design spine and face top label.
Distributors usually supply the pet shops, veterinarians and breeders.
All distributors can limit the amount of money they spend on captioning.
All distributors compensate customers for surge damage in some circumstances.
All distributors do business in multiple states.
All distributors have an unlimited marketing area.
All Distributors have the right to sponsor others.
All distributors have their own low-voltage distribution lines.
All distributors login here .
All distributors receive top priority regarding support via e-mail, fax or phone.
All distributors require that the public are able to benefit from their awards.
Any distributor can sell goods at distributor cost if they wish to.
Any distributor can set up at a flea market.
Many distributors do accept credit cards.
Many distributors feel overwhelmed by the details that surround the business.
Many distributors find it difficult to overcome the perception that they're strictly forms vendors.
Many distributors gain incredible satisfaction by introducing clients to a healthier way of life.
Many distributors have terrible computer systems and poor data entry accuracy.
Many distributors keep invoice copies even though they can be reprinted at any time.
Many distributors offer a free power tool with the purchase of the accessories.
Many distributors offer volume discounts.
Many distributors participate in co-op advertising with their brands.
Many distributors use magnetic signs with an offer or message to attract prospects.
Most distributors accept finished product for consideration only.
Most distributors are content to sell like hell and count the spare change at year-end.
Most distributors conduct a physical inventory once a year.
Most distributors favor the newer machine markets.
Most distributors have hundreds and hundreds of publishers and maybe a thousand or so titles.
Most distributors have just one or two distribution outlets.
Most distributors have their page online within thirty minutes.
Most distributors leave it up to the record label to work retail to boost sales.
Most distributors measure their excess, and transfer the data to a spread sheet file.
Most distributors now post electronic versions of their print catalogs on their Web sites.
Most distributors offer the same type of policy.
Most distributors only work hard for their best-selling titles.
Most distributors pick equipment from a list.
Most distributors publish software catalogs that list software, often by topics or categories.
Most distributors require a price extension.
Most distributors sell courseware developed by several different producers.
Most distributors simply tell their customers to return it for a credit.
Most distributors spend a lot of time developing sales projections and budgets for expenses.
Some distributors actually recover their investment within a year.
Some distributors bring tank truck loads of juice to market.
Some distributors claim they lost money.
Some distributors concentrate on niches when they sell integrated labels.
Some Distributors cover neighbouring regions so select the nearest country if necessary.
Some distributors discount.
Some distributors force mostly, next all man to none cellar feel.
Some distributors hate sequences when the camera moves through space.
Some distributors have a stronger and more far-reaching IT infrastructure than their customers.
Some distributors install security cameras and other theft-deterrent devices.
Some distributors make it a practice to spend their money on items that are easily moved.
Some distributors only distribute in certain states.
Some distributors pay more quickly than restaurants do.
Some distributors provide free promotion material.
Some distributors provide repair services.
Some distributors purposely ship motherboards with the jumper in the wrong position.
Some distributors respond to the calls themselves.
Some distributors run away from commercial printing.
Some distributors sell at the Berlin market which is known for art films.
Some distributors sell more than diet and exercise plans, vitamin supplements or wonder creams.
Some distributors use special effects in their own marketing efforts.
Some distributors work much more closely and respectfully than others.
District administration makes too many changes in the organizational structure and position titles.
District administration practices too much nepotism.
District administration recommends maintaining policy related to student sexual harassment.
A district attorney is a prosecutor
District attorney includes any deputy district attorney.
District attorneys are further up the chain of command.
District attorneys are prosecutors.
District attorneys decide when to plea bargain.
District attorneys have more expertise trying such issues than divorce lawyers.
District attorneys have to decide how strong their case is.
District attorneys look the other way.
District attorneys represent the state against the defendant.
District attorneys support the law enforcement measure.
Most district attorneys run for the elected position, uncontested.
Every district collector is supposed to record data on all major issues.
District committees can each have an independently managed section.
District committees carry out the goals of the district.
District committees have parent and community membership.
District cooling is more environmentally friendly than other cooling systems.
District councils are responsible for welfare benefits, housing and environmental health.
District councils assist local churches, ordain ministers, and sponser new church efforts.
Some district councils believe they have no tourist attractions or infrastructure, but they have.
District court judges have cases.
District court enters series of remedy orders, including voluntary busing.
District court is a formal atmosphere and most people are represented by attorneys.
District court tries felony cases arising in Clark County, as well as major civil cases.
District courts are A. courts that have state-level jurisdictions.
District courts are courts of appeal reviewing judgements of the courts of first instance.
District courts are courts of first instance in most criminal cases and minor civil cases.
District courts are federal courts.
District courts are staffed and administered by the district and islands local authorities.
District courts are the federal trial-level courts.
District courts are the first level where a federal case is heard.
District courts are the lowest.
District courts are the trial level of the federal court system.
District courts are trial courts of general subject-matter jurisdiction.
District courts function as trial courts.
District courts handle mainly misdemeanor, traffic and small civil damage cases.
District courts have broad discretion in deciding whether to depart.
District courts have broad discretion in deciding whether to permit withdrawal of a guilty plea.
District courts have broad discretion in the division of debts.
District courts have broad discretion to appoint amicus curiae.
District courts have discretion in certification of a plaintiff class.
District courts have districtwide jurisdiction over civil and criminal matters.
District courts have districtwide jurisdiction over probate, criminal, and civil cases.
District courts have jurisdiction over minor civil and criminal cases.
District courts have only original jurisdication.
District courts have original federal jurisdiction.
District courts have the authority to award past due child support.
District courts have the authority to grant a noncustodial parent visitation rights.
District courts hold their sessions at periodic intervals in different cities of the district.
District courts possess considerable latitude in selecting the language of jury instructions.
District energy is no longer simply the energy system of convenience.
District heating is a metered energy source, just like gas and electricity.
District heating is a source of support for many people in their everyday lives.
District heating makes it easier to utilise the first and fifth ways.
District heating offers effective potential to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
District judges are attorneys who are elected on non-partisan ballots for terms of six years.
District judges exercise the full power and authority of the court.
District judges have an arsenal of sanctions they can impose for unethical behavior.
District judges have the power to issue extraordinary writs.
All district judges have chambers and courtrooms in Salt Lake City.
District leaders are leaders.
District leaders are people.
District leaders are workers.
District leaders can fulminate up a storm about injustices induced or tolerated by city workers.
District leaders can lead members to new standards.
District leaders center on aligning and connecting all parts of the system to teaching and learning.
District leaders say such practices are a reasonable reaction to a competitive marketplace.
District leaders seek regular feedback from students, staff and parents.
A district line is a boundary
District lines cover the electorate base of Oregon s representatives and senators.
District nurses provide care in the homes of patients with severe or long-term illnesses.
District officers are always anxious to help organize new units.
District plans are individualized.
District rates are available.
District superintendents serve as pastors to the pastors in their region.
District superintendents use the reform law to effect their own, local reform agendas.
District tartans are the oldest of our tartans, from which the clan tartans have probably developed.
All district towns have town cinemas.
A district is a region
District are only the facilitators.
District are responsible for all formulas and calculations.
District begins hiring architectural firms to do design work.
District bring inside whatever boot before had table tennis equipment.
District can have additional criteria.
District consider near few member although guide ball rack.
District considers roads in-between as still contiguous.
District contains a former city hall and fine boat houses.
District contains a large share of the community's historic buildings.
District contains schools, churches, and other noncommercial buildings.
District continues quiet.
District deposited funds are insufficient to complete the project.
District ensures after none gas or drawn adidas wrestling shoes.
District ensures after none gas or drawn cleats for baseball shoes.
District ensures after none gas or drawn collectable tennis racquet.
District ensures after none gas or drawn taylor made golf club.
District ensures after none gas or drawn yonex badminton.
District explain at none gas or ensures callaway golf ball.
District explain at none gas or ensures macgregor tennis shoes.
District explain at none gas or ensures ocean pacific sportswear.
District gives credit for all years of licensed teaching experience.
District gives the feel of a kitchen-den combination.
District has non-English but kids are French and Arabic.
District has one high school, two middle schools, seven elementary schools.
District has the right to modify web pages.
District hospitals the first referral level.
District incorporates career development plan into existing comprehensive school improvement plan.
District intends to use proceeds from sale of former school site to repay loan.
District is moderate and open.
District is too segmented to perform effectively.
District isa location.
District keeps closer eye on sex offenders.
District manages budget wisely.
District matches a percentage of the deferrals .
District needs more training for teachers.
District needs to protect itself.
District needs to provide rewards for seniority and job performance.
District offers two morning and two afternoon sections.
District only exists to help the clubs and their members.
District owned lands offer a wide variety of recreational uses for the public.
District plays games with alternative schools and placement laws.
District Provides evening programming in remedial areas.
District provides great education for the students.
District provides sources for school closings information.
District provides students and up front checklist and description of what s required to graduate.
District provides year-round parenting classes in multiple languages.
District raises two points on appeal.
District refuses to pay for the parents' independent evaluator.
District reimburses for tuition only.
District remains completely dry.
District reports on agriculture are bleak.
District requires excessive amounts of computer training.
District retains expert to study air conditioning costs and needs.
District scores multiple-choice.
District seeks a bookkeeper.
District show across either love thus cheat ski doo specs.
District sing about several quotes finally follow tampa bay buccaneers jacket.
District sing about several quotes finally follow tampa bay buccaneers jackets.
District sing about several quotes finally follow tampa bay buccaneers memorabilia.
District spend Source on tool off most v-neck tees if dealt with lots composition.
District stops issuing water permits that utilize public or private water credits.
District switch with none corn neither interest celtics collectibles.
Districts aim for quality in the face of growth.
Districts allocate almost half of administrative officers' time to instruction.
Districts also appear to be seen as bigger targets after violent episodes.
Districts also have the opportunity to purchase highly discounted systems for each teacher trained.
Districts also have the option to implement their own Web server.
Districts also hold up the job's flexibility as a selling point to entice new candidates.
Districts also impose widely varying fees to hook up to their distribution system.
Districts also receive funding from local units of governments.
Districts also recommend ministers for national credentialing.
Districts also sponsor a variety of activities to celebrate learning.
Districts also stabilize local economies and resolve conflicts in land use.
Districts also use bonuses to lure bilingual teachers.
Districts also use the number as the basis for district dues.
Districts also vary widely in how they keep the community informed of district activities.
Districts are able to take the highest enrollment numbers from the preceding two years.
Districts are abstractions, but schools are the real organizations to most people.
Districts are also eligible to apply for competitive demonstration grants.
Districts are also larger.
Districts are an educational and aesthetic benefit to a community.
Districts are an excellent example of regional cooperation and economical service delivery.
Districts are basically the same.
Districts are concerned about the speed with which certificates are released.
Districts are districts, and that's a good thing.
Districts are films.
Districts are free to design their own application and selection procedures.
Districts are free to design their own applications and selection procedures.
Districts are free to institute different pay scales, but few choose to do so.
Districts are free to work with local constituents and familiar ground.
Districts are hesitant to weed out principals that contribute to the loss of good teachers.
Districts are in excellent shape for having policies in place for tobacco-free schools.
Districts are often out ahead and they take from the state and then add on and do what they want to.
Districts are really all over the place.
Districts are regions.
Districts are responsible for activities, facilities or services provided by another entity as well.
Districts are responsible for all schools.
Districts are responsible for implementing the guidelines according to local needs.
Districts are responsible for keeping website current and accurate.
Districts are responsible for one-half of the cost of projects.
Districts are responsible for providing basic computer proficiency to all of their educators.
Districts are responsible for the design and delivery, as required by the School Act.
Districts are responsible for verifying that a student has met testing requirements for graduation.
Districts are right to proceed with caution.
Districts are states.
Districts are subject to the Freedom of Information Act.
Districts are television shows.
Districts are the mid-sized sections of a city.
Districts are the sections of the city.
Districts are to administer assessments to gauge whether students have met the requirements.
Districts are to be commended for the excellent results.
Districts are to develop a plan to disposition the dockets meeting the burn-down criteria.
Districts are under no obligations to reduce class sizes for other students.
Districts are welcome to send several school-based teams.
Districts avoid duplication as they pool funds, talents and energies.
Districts become the key levels of medical assistance, integrated by sub-contracted physicians.
Districts begin developing individual site-based initiatives in character education.
Districts benefit because vehicles are out of service less frequently.
Districts can add job openings by filling out an online questionaire.
Districts can also establish district-level mailing lists.
Districts can also make a difference with other resources, including space and students.
Districts can also solicit outside funds, fees, and in-kind services.
Districts can apply to the agency for approval of a new course offering as an innovative course.
Districts can argue for increased levels of support within regional or national structures.
Districts can bring up to eight people per training event.
Districts can customize their orders depending on their needs.
Districts can cut costs if they already have some of the necessary equipment.
Districts can deny that or embrace it.
Districts can devise plans on their own or through any of the existing collaboratives.
Districts can elect to make available to job seekers written job descriptions.
Districts can fax orders directly to Gateway.
Districts can hire an architect through a competitive bidding process.
Districts can maintain multiple calendars for a school, grade or student.
Districts can now receive reimbursement for more cost effective alternatives to construction.
Districts can only receive an expansion grant twice in a five year period.
Districts can operate programs to identify and recruit potential church workers.
Districts can pick their way to go through it.
Districts can play important roles in supporting school change efforts.
Districts can post and manage their own job listings through the site.
Districts can print a variety of reports designed specifically for the employment process.
Districts can provide the information electronically or by hand-coding the student answer documents.
Districts can purchase blocks of classes or individuals can purchase a class on their own.
Districts can raise property taxes to replace the lost aid.
Districts can receive grants from the state to provide after-school and summer school programs.
Districts can set spending limits for each card on the types of purchases.
Districts can set up policies or criteria for IEEs.
Districts can spend it all on one project or spread it over many projects.
Districts can submit one nomination.
Districts can submit plans ahead of schedule if they choose.
Districts can take actions such as altering class sizes, the school day, and teacher work rules.
All doses above are oral unless otherwise stated.
All doses are expressed as free base concentrations of atomoxetine.
All doses are once daily.
Dosage compensation equalizes X chromosome expression in the two sexes .
Dosage compensation equalizes X chromosome expression in the two sexes.
Dosage compensation is less effective in birds than in mammals.
A dosage is an amount
Dosage also varies from patient to patient.
Dosage based on weight is less reliable.
Dosage depends on body weight.
Dosage depends on each patient.
Dosage depends on length of system and degree of grease problem.
Dosage depends on severity of disease.
Dosage depends on the anesthetic used, individual needs, and responses.
Dosage depends on the animal's size.
Dosage depends on the condition being treated.
Dosage depends on the infection being treated.
Dosage depends on the patient's age, weight, gender, and general health.
Dosage depends on the size of the animal.
Dosage depends on vital signs and mental status.
Dosage is a once a month tablet.
Dosage is adjusted according to the patient's response and the appearance of adverse reactions.
Dosage is adjusted based upon blood levels of electrolytes.
Dosage is adjusted for the individual patient.
Dosage is adjusted.
Dosage is also important.
Dosage is apparently the key here.
Dosage is calculated based on the volume and temperature of the treatment area.
Dosage is changed by moving the dosing blades.
Dosage is correspondingly less in children.
Dosage is defined as concentration integrated over a specific period of exposure.
Dosage is defined as concentration integrated over a specific time period of exposure.
Dosage is dependant on the individual situation and dog.
Dosage is dependent on infection and can be pill or intravenous form.
Dosage is dependent on response to treatment.
Dosage is dependent upon the condition and tolerance of the patient.
Dosage is determined by the horses body weight.
Dosage is determined in the physician's office.
Dosage is difficult to control.
Dosage is easy to adjust, and pastes are well suited to be part of a regular drench program.
Dosage is four times per day.
Dosage is generally twice daily.
Dosage is highly individualized.
Dosage is important.
Dosage is individual.
Dosage is obviously crucial.
Dosage is once a month.
Dosage is one or two per day.
Dosage is one tablet a day.
Dosage is the amount of chemical per unit of body weight.
Dosage is the least critical aspect of the therapy.
Dosage is the tricky thing, as always.
Dosage is two tablets a day for three weeks.
Dosage is two to three capsules.
Dosage is two to three tablets every four hours or as needed.
Dosage is usually double that used for other nematodes.
Dosage is, f course, a function of both concentration and time of exposure.
Dosage is, of course, a function of both concentration and time of exposure.
Dosage Use regularly several times a day.
Dosage varies according to age, sex, condition, and similar factors.
Dosage varies according to strength and brand of the enzymes.
Dosage varies according to the individual.
Dosage varies and is patient specific.
Dosage varies by procedure.
Dosage varies considerably according to patient needs and duration of treatment.
Dosage varies depending on the type of infection.
Dosage varies from person to person, so follow the instructions on the product.
Dosage varies widely depending on condition.
Dosage varies with the location of the mycoplasma.
Dosage works immediately.
Dosage works slowly.
Dosages also vary widely.
Dosages are adjusted until the desired clinical effect is achieved.
Dosages are age specific.
Dosages are age-specific.
Dosages are for capsules and oral suspension.
Dosages are for the oral form only.
Dosages are general guidelines only.
Dosages are the same as in non-pregnant patients for each stage of syphilis.
Dosages are too high.
Dosages are well below therapeutic levels.
Dosages below are for the oral preparations.
Dosages can be incorrect, as when a child is given medication in an adult strength.
Dosages given are only guidelines.
Dosages given are the recommended starting dosages.
Dosages indicated are for adults.
Dosages range from one-half to two teaspoons per gallon.
Dosages shown here are for oral tablets or solution only.
Dosages used by athletes can be much higher.
Dosages vary according to body weight.
Dosages vary according to brand names.
Dosages vary according to therapeutic effect required.
Dosages vary depending on disease.
Any dosage causes some insomnia for at least one night.
Any dosage is considered unsafe.
Dose equivalent is the product of the absorbed dose and the QF for that type of radiation.
Dose profile is provided and graphed.
A dose rate is a rate
Dose rate is defined as energy absorbed per unit mass per unit time .
Dose rate is the dose of radiation per unit time.
Dose rates are expessed as multiples of sea level.
Dose rates are for the active ingredient.
Dose rates are in the table below.
Dose rates are rates.
Dose rates rise gradually as soil dries out.
Dose reconstruction is a challenge, especially for the population, but it is proving feasible.
Dose responses follow patterns.
Dose responses follow typical patterns.
Most dose responses follow patterns.
Most dose responses follow typical patterns.
Dose titration analyses produce different results, depending on the calculation method used.
Dose titration is indicated in otherwise unresponsive cases.
Dose titration is recommended in the elderly.
A dose is medicine
Dose depends on bleeding severity.
Dose depends on organic material, etc in water.
Dose depends on patient.
Dose depends on severity.
Dose depends on size of ulcer area.
Dose depends on the fluid requirement and urinary output.
Dose depends on type of preparation.
Dose depends on weight.
Dose depends upon brand.
Dose is from one to six teaspoonfuls.
Dose is proportional to current density and exposure time.
Dose isa medication.
Dose limiting toxicity usually occurs after a month.
Dose needs to be adjusted for renal function.
Dose needs to be individually adjusted.
Dose ranges for medicines used to treat severe pain vary according to the individual.
Dose varies considerably depending upon the animals temperament and stage of excitement.
Dose varies widely based on condition.
Dose varies widely between individuals.
Dose varies with product used.
Dose varies with the product used.
Doses are from both electrons and photons.
Doses are in terms of the base.
Doses are medicine.
Doses are smaller and available more frequently, which helps prevent sleepiness and weakness.
Doses continue to be lowered.
Doses used also vary, as do the number of times a day oral tablets are taken.
Doses vary by condition.
Doses vary considerably with the size, health condition, age and even breed of animal.
Doses vary quite widely, but even high dosages have few side effects.
All doses refer to the base and the same vehicle as the drug in each case.
Every dose is guaranteed and certified to contain the full amount of active ingredients.
Most doses are in the millirem range.
A dosimeter is an instrument
Dosimeters are available on demand throughout the year.
Dosimeters are dose rate independent.
Dosimeters are in general issued for a two month wearing period.
Dosimeters provide a long-term measure of the worker's noise exposure.
Dosing recommendations vary depending on the indication.
A dossier is a record
Dossiers are also available for volunteers.
Dossiers are available on seven individual vendors.
All dossiers are for reference only.
Dostoevsky novels are ultimately dialogic.
Dot biz is the first Internet domain dedicated solely to the needs of businesses around the world.
Dot charts show correlation and large data sets.
Dot crawl occurs when two contrasting colors are horizontally adjacent to each other.
Dot crawl sucks big-time.
Dot files are files and directories whose names begin with a period.
Dot gain is a critical variable in halftone reproduction.
Dot gain is almost the same for each color.
Dot gain is expressed as a percentage that varies according to the factors given above.
Dot gain is higher on more absorbent, uncoated paper stock such as newsprint.
Dot gain is highest here.
Dot gain is the amount that an ink dot spreads out - after it hits the substrate.
Dot leaders are a special type of tab.
A dot matrix is a matrix
Dot matrix has the lowest resolution, laser the highest.
Dot matrix is undesirable, and most ink jet printers have a fuzzy edge surrounding each letter.
Dot net has a certain ring to it.
Dot pitch indicates how closely the pixels are spaced apart on the screen.
Dot pitch is another ruling factor of image quality, the lower the number the tighter images appear.
Dot pitch is measured in millimeters and, in general, smaller is better.
Dot pitch is measured in millimeters.
Dot pitch is often the reason why a computer monitor is so expensive or so cheap.
Dot pitch is only one consideration.
Dot pitch is the distance between individual pixel elements of the screen that produce the picture.
Dot pitch is the distance between two like-colored phosphor dots.
Dot pitch measures how far apart the individual dots of the same color are on the monitor's screen.
Dot pitch measures the space between pixels.
Dot pitch refers to the distance between two same-colored red, green or blue phosphor screen dots.
Dot pitch relates directly to the image quality of a monitor.
Dot points require no further punctuation.
Dot points Use plain English.
A dot is a disk
Dot also assesses young young deaf people going forward to further and higher education.
Dot also loves to dress up in funny wigs, hats, and ties.
Dot apples with butter.
Dot apples with cranberries evenly around the top.
Dot apples with margarine.
Dot calls on one group.
Dot can even provide forms in applications where previously only line printing was available.
Dot cards a simply cards with dot stickers of a single colour stuck on one side.
Dot climbs out of a hole in the ground.
Dot collapses on the floor in the rec.
Dot cuts the chicken in quarters to serve four people.
Dot gain considerations for offset printing.
Dot gives the dancing team some encouragement.
Dot has green skin and black hair.
Dot has to be patient.
Dot hopes for a new data compression unit, or a quantum business network maximizer.
Dot indicates area shown in photo.
Dot is a collector of all types of teddy bears.
Dot is a girl who is threatening to go out on a date with a man called Exit.
Dot is a talented artist and painter.
Dot is an awesome team player to go over to second.
Dot is as apt to wandah west as east.
Dot is found commonly.
Dot is in command of the rebel forces.
Dot is nervous as they go through the final door into a vast auditorium filled with binomes.
Dot is one of the leaders of Mainframe, the system which they inhabit.
Dot is our middle name.
Dot is quicker than period.
Dot is stubbornly down to earth.
Dot is the file room supervisor.
Dot is the tiny speck among infinity, but is all things within.
Dot isa disk.
Dot isa saucer.
Dot knows how to have fun during a Michigan winter.
Dot likes corners.
Dot looks at the stray sheep.
Dot moves the sheep through the gap.
Dot pears with brown sugar and light margarine or butter and broil for a meat accompaniment.
Dot raisins on the filling.
Dot refers to the current directory, and therefore is a link to itself.
Dot regularly does Heritage paddles by commission.
Dot sees that all the binomes now wear Megabyte's blue color.
Dot swings a few steps counterclockwise, unhappily, resisting leaving the balance point .
Dot takes five prescription drug medications.
Dot then has to fill a target with a squirt gun faster than the User can.
Dot tomatoes with butter.
Dot tops with butter.
Dot turns into one mean mother and fights back.
Dot wedges with butter.
Dots are color-coded according to earthquake depth.
Dots are data samples from the surfaces of humerus, ulna and radius.
Dots are essentially a safer, though uglier, bet.
Dots are 'Fire Branded' and can be personalized.
Dots are intraepithelial microcysts that contain nuclear, cytoplasmic, and lipid debris.
Dots are irrigation wells.
Dots are locations of buried radiocarbon-dated soils, peat and forests.
Dots are now a bit more sparse.
Dots are optional for most call numbers.
Dots are periods.
Dots are points.
Dots are short pulses of electrical current compared to the longer dash pulses.
Dots are small sized and sharply defined, and are fixed as to size and number.
Dots are small web applets that make finding stuff on the web easy.
Dots are specks.
Dots are the barrier.
Dots are the unit used to measure the resolution of the printed image.
Dots are visible to the naked eye.
Dots become lines, blurring and overlapping in spatially complex compositions.
Dots can be any size, any color, realistic or abstract, old or new.
Dots can represent a color.
DOTs carry out state policies.
Dots close together separate slower than dots further apart.
Dots close together.
Dots come in packages of one color or assorted.
Dots delivers colorful imagery and compelling views.
Dots depict a spiral of favorable van der Waals contacts made to surrounding atoms.
Dots follow from left to right and top to bottom.
DOTS get people back to school, work and their families.
Dots identify identical words.
Dots indicate absence of current research.
Dots indicate additional information.
Dots indicate archeological sites.
Dots indicate data points.
Dots indicate grab sample locations projected along the dune trend onto the profile line.
Dots indicate individual brighness measures and continuous line is average of three measures.
Dots indicate locality records based on verified museum specimens.
Dots indicate marked courses.
Dots indicate presence.
Dots indicate that there are more things of the same kind in some category.
Dots indicate the dimensions of individual seedlings.
Dots indicate the every six hour movement of the storm center.
Dots indicate the faculty involved in each research area.
Dots indicate the initial points.
Dots indicate the location of the peptide used to raise antiserum.
Dots indicate the maximum depth of stack used.
Dots indicate the number of crossovers per bin.
Dots indicate the presence of unrecognized letters.
Dots indicate water monitoring stations.
DOTs inspect to save bridges.
Dots is a game that has simple rules, but like many others, strategy can take some time to learn.
Dots is a game with a grid of dots placed on the board.
Dots is a strategy game.
Dots is spots up close.
Dots Join the dots and try to complete more squares than the computer.
Dots just keep on repeating in time with simple beats.
Dots mark common binocular models.
Dots mark Devonian coral-bearing exposures.
Dots mark the intersection between the vertical grid lines and the bubble interface.
Dots mean locations of sensors.
Dots represent DDT and arrows show small losses through respiration and excretion.
Dots represent derivatives with respect to time.
Dots represent fixations.
Dots represent gaps introduced to maximize the alignment.
Dots represent individual animals living off home ranges.
Dots represent locations of people within the zip code, as placed by the given method.
Dots represent minor words, such as a, an, the, etc.
Dots represent PACC Chapter locations.
Dots represent the results obtained using the first method as described in the text.
Dots represent valance electrons.
Dots scattered over the picture surface unify the composition visually.
Dots separate the first name or initial, middle name or initial, and last name.
Dots separate the parts of a domain name.
Dots show localities where detailed stratigraphic information was collected.
Dots show position of recording stations.
Dots show rain gage locations.
Dots show the hub.
Dots show the location of receiver points.
Dots show where the fingers go, and thick horizontal lines indicate barres.
Dots stand for a decimal point.
Dots symbolize that from sorrow comes unexpected blessings.
Dots often represent cities and segments the roads between cities.
Dot sometimes wears glasses, and is something of a workaholic.
Every dot gets the color of the atom it is situated closest to.
Every dot is based on an actual observation.
Every dot is in the right place all the time.
Every dot moves away from every other dot, emulating the behavior of galaxies in our universe.
Every dot shows the enrooted fibreglas that is shot in the blank.
Many Dots Create pictures and patterns by changing the colors of dots, beads, and triangles.
Many Dots Create pictures by changing the colors of dots.
More dots indicate more lightning activity, signaling a more severe storm.
More dots means more memory and slower output.
Most dots indicate presence.
Most dots represent counties.
Some dots are a little higher or lower, and some are a lot higher or lower.
Some dots represent locations.
Some dots represent more than one plot.
Some dots represent positions.
Some dots show locations.
Dotplot programs are excellent for showing many kinds of repeats.
Dotted areas indicate variation in length of style and in positions of stamens.
Dotted areas show currents of water drawn from the front.
Dotted arrows indicate the volume changes of air sacs.
Dotted bars indicate optional applications.
Dotted border indicates classical lymphadenectomy limits.
Dotted border is sometimes incomplete.
Dotted circles shows the turning point.
Dotted contours are negative.
Dotted curve shows blackbody spectrum.
Dotted curve shows charge density distribution.
Dotted eigenvalues are virtual orbitals - LUMO is therefore at the bottom of the dotted lines.
Dotted examples reinforce learning.
Dotted horsemint is a source of thymol, which is an anti-bacterial essential oil.
A dotted line is a line
Dotted line are best fitted stellar models.
Dotted line happens, indicating the animation has no ending point.
Dotted line indicates branching relations uncertain.
Dotted line indicates no males of that mated status present.
Dotted line indicates salt-bridge observed in crystal structure.
Dotted line indicates the outline of the radial nerve cord.
Dotted line indicates the proposed increase in the minimum wage.
Dotted line indicates the separation between neritic and oceanic stations.
Dotted line indicates tip of retracted prepuce.
Dotted line is forward right side cargo door.
Dotted line is global fit.
Dotted line is hidden contact behind Whistler Mountain.
Dotted line is the ecliptic.
Dotted line is time for scaled problem, i.e., largest size problem that fits on given machine size.
Dotted line is with Long protection grid and normal line with Short protection grid.
Dotted line represents areas where distribution is uncertain.
Dotted line represents Fermi electrons.
Dotted line shows the preferred falling edge shape, but the triangle shape is acceptable.
Dotted lines appear below hidden text on-screen.
Dotted lines appear on the Web page to indicate where shared borders are located.
Dotted lines are approximate boundaries between tiger subspecies studied here.
Dotted lines are best-fit exponential models.
Dotted lines are canoe routes.
Dotted lines are county borders.
Dotted lines are divisions between words within a clue.
Dotted lines are guides to the eyes.
Dotted lines are lines.
Dotted lines are negative.
Dotted lines are patterns.
Dotted lines are plus-minus one standard deviation.
Dotted lines are projected levels.
Dotted lines are roads or trails.
Dotted lines are seams.
Dotted lines are target ranges or represent growth ranges and are for reference only.
Dotted lines are target ranges.
Dotted lines are used to join gaps without information.
Dotted lines connect air volumes originally adjacent.
Dotted lines connect the points in scan order.
Dotted lines depict the grid used for the inversion.
Dotted lines help to identify equivalent regions in different frequency maps.
Dotted lines indicate folds.
Dotted lines indicate optional features or items that are above or below other object.
Dotted lines indicate original heights, where data are available.
Dotted lines indicate projections.
Dotted lines indicate standard TV screen format.
Dotted lines indicate the assumed stellar continua and the individual component contributions.
Dotted lines indicate the desired properties of a nonconventional concrete.
Dotted lines indicate the old triangulation.
Early registration saves some money.
Early registration takes place about one month before the end of the preceding semester.
Early registration takes place within a five week period in the preceding semester.
Early registrations are a big help in predicting tutorial attendance, too.
Early registrations are from many different countries.
Early registrations are welcome.
Early registrations give rise to a preferential congress fee.
Early registrations have a chance to win a door prize.
Early registrations receive first preference.
Early relationships are critical.
Early relationships are especially critical to a child s development.
Early relationships can have lifelong effects.
Early release is also available by appointment.
Early release is essential to avoid both legal and operational support issues.
Early releases relating to the planning and progress of the meet are important.
Early remediation helps insure success in other college courses.
Early removal is good prevention.
Early renewals are simple and easy.
Early repair can also often prevent further damage to the vehicle's emission control system.
Early repair can keep major problems from forming.
Early repair is often necessary.
Early repair is still the treatment of choice.
Early report suggest that damages to buildings was light, at least in the capital Taipei.
Early reports are all good.
Early reports are encouraging.
Early reports are extremely encouraging.
Early reports are favorable.
Early reports are good.
Early reports are mixed.
Early reports are most favourable.
Early reports are the jumbo lost communications after being struck by lightning.
Early reports are very encouraging.
Early reports cite seizure or heart attack.
Early reports focus on taking care of cars or tires.
Early reports give rave reviews to the fun had at the various auction parties.
Early reports indicate a complete success.
Early reports indicate an increase in attendance and improvement in attitudes.
Early reports indicate both mobile homes and houses sustained flood damage.
Early reports indicate it is worth the trouble.
Early reports indicate it's a huge success.
Early reports indicate it's been a big help.
Early reports indicate little damage.
Early reports indicate programming coming through loud and clear in targeted areas.
Early reports indicate relatively low concern for risks associated with atrazine.
Early reports indicate that alfalfa yields are slightly lower than normal.
Early reports indicate that at least eight people have died in Honduras as a result of the storm.
Early reports indicate that most rooms have sold out in the Bloomington area.
Early reports indicate that protein levels are below normal.
Early reports indicate that the conversion to decimal pricing has been a smooth one.
Early reports indicate that the fire was associated with electric heat tapes.
Early reports indicate that the incident was accidental.
Early reports indicate that the new vaccines have a very low rate of adverse reactions.
Early reports indicate that the probability of occupancy varies greatly from area to area.
Early reports indicate that the sequel sucks some serious ass, though.
Early reports indicate that yields are below normal.
Early reports indicate the crops are looking good.
Early reports indicate the therapy has been successful .
Early reports lead to an electric oscillating fan as the cause of the early morning fire.
Early reports look great.
Early reports praise their customer service.
Early reports promise two at least contested races though.
Early reports say that sampling a little of both properties is proving very popular.
Early reports say the justices are split on the question.
Early reports show anglers concentrating on the north and east portions of the lake.
Early reports show massive shifts to revenue insurance products.
Early reports show that it got cold, too.
Early reports show that it is as effective as injected insulin.
Early reports show that it was a success.
Early reports speak of the unpleasant taste and the toughness of the bird.
Early reports suggest that household production is by far the biggest sector in the economy.
Early reproduction can place too much stress on the body and possibly shorten lifespans.
Early reproduction comes at expense of own well being.
Early reproduction contributes more to the population growth rate than late reproduction.
Early request is suggested.
Early requests have a greater chance of being confirmed.
Early requirements is one of the most critical phases in the software development process.
Early research suggests that ginkgo extract benefit to people with retinopathy.
Early research suggests that it also is as effective as birth control pills.
Early research suggests that taking zinc by mouth can reduce healing time after surgery.
Early reservation is advisable.
Early reservation is advised as it is based on availbility basis.
Early reservation is advised.
Early reservation is encouraged because of an anticipated large number of conference participants.
Early reservation is essential as availability is strictly limited.
Early reservation is highly recommended.
Early reservation is recommended to ensure a room at the convention rate.
Early reservation is recommended to secure a booth.
Early reservation is recommended.
Early reservation is suggested.
Early reservations are advisable.
Early reservations are always encouraged, especially near the holiday seasons.
Early reservations are desirable to secure the best dates.
Early reservations are essential.
Early reservations are strongly encouraged.
Early reservations are very important due to the great demand for the summer season.
Early reservations are welcome.
Early reservations assure choice dates and times.
Early reservations ensure maximum choice .
Early reservations have priority.
Early reset is possible by pressing a reset key inside the device.
Early residents remember the relief it was when trucks and hearses became popular.
Some early residents remember being paid to gather mangos as children.
Early resolution benefits the agency by creating a more hospitable workplace for all.
Early resolution is important.
Early resolution saves time, energy and money.
Early response allows adequate time for the selection process among participating universities.
Early response is crucial to containing such threats.
Early response is encouraged.
Early response is necessary to guarantee a seat.
Early response is positive.
Early response is suggested for guests desiring the group rate.
Early response is suggested.
Early responses are critical, particularly for incidents involving explosives and chemical releases.
Early responses indicate an enthusiastic reaction from both teachers and students.
Early responsibility is guaranteed - the summer program is no exception.
Early responsibility is the name of the sales and marketing game.
Early results appear promising.
Early results are encouraging.
Early results are favorable.
Early results are here until final results can be made available.
Early results are in and most of the many respondents indicated positive results.
Early results are quite encouraging.
Early results are quite positive.
Early results are semi-promising.
Early results are that the course is a hit.
Early results are very encouraging.
Early results are very promising.
Early results confirm that there are very fast changes occurring in the solar corona.
Early results confirm that there is a rich potential in gait for recognition.
Early results do indicate that sand appears to be a viable litter source for broilers.
Early results indicate a good holiday season ahead for retailers.
Early results indicate a small increase in the average check per person with the new menus.
Early results indicate a very favorable response from the carriers.
Early results indicate good news for the company.
Early results indicate success.
Early results indicate that it is safe and the organs are transplanted just as successfully.
Early results indicate that most are pleased with the quality and appreciative of the flexibility.
Early results indicate that patients taking oxandrolone experience weight gain.
Early results indicate that the desired focus position was achieved.
Early results indicate that they are on the right track.
Early results indicate the theory is on target.
Early results indicate there are indeed differences in gene complement between strains.
Early results look excellent for the surf washing treatment.
Early results look promising, advocates say.
Early results look very promising, but more, better designed studies are needed here.
Early results look very promising.
Early results offer cautious hope for the future.
Early results say that it appears to be very effective.
Early results seem promising.
Early results show a clear improvement in orbit accuracy during eclipse periods.
Early results show a tendency for a future increase in hurricane intensity.
Early results show an increase in productivity and a reduction in cost and resources.
Early results show claims quality equal to or slightly better than traditional processes.
Early results show important improvements over keyword-based systems.
Early results show improvement.
Early results show large numbers of juvenile prawns in mangrove-lined rivers and creeks.
Early results show more fine-tuning is needed before customers can be switched.
Early results show nematode community structure can be managed in the grove.
Early results show no candidate with a majority.
Early results show positive improvement in both areas.
Early results show promise.
Early results show rural nurses and general practitioners are very keen.
Early results show strongly evolving source counts.
Early results show that if one problem pops up, others follow or become worse.
Early results show that the animals develop a multiple sclerosis-like condition.
Early results show that the physical state of the contaminant is a major factor.
Early results show that they have met with success.
Early results show the commercials and accompanying prints ads and billboards are working.
Early results show the virus count dropping more than a thousandfold with the therapy.
Early results show they are deeply divided.
Early results suggest a major role for nitrification.
Early results suggest it was money well spent.
Early results suggest significant time savings.
Early results suggest that our large scale search capabilities are feasible.
Early results suggest that progress is slowly being made.
Early results suggest that such stents can nearly eliminate the problem of restenosis.
Early results suggest that the survival rate has been excellent.
Early results suggest that there is also a NOx reduction potential using woody biomass.
Early results suggest that, independently of position, women are playing the game differently.
Early results suggest the usefulness of action research in emerging dialog.
Early results suggest they made the right move.
Early retirees miss out.
Early retirees travel more, and as their needs change, they move closer to relatives and services.
Early retirees wishing to start a second career are also ideal.
Many early retirees underestimate their living expenses after retirement.
Early retirement is almost always permanent.
Early retirement is also under discussion.
Early retirement is an efficient mechanism to deal with under-employment and hidden unemployment.
Early retirement is an optional benefit.
Early retirement is for the mutual benefit of the employee and the colleges and universities.
Early retirement is just a breather, a recess break, a chance for redirection.
Early retirement is to be avoided like the plague.
Early retirement means that top-quality candidates for superintendent jobs are at a premium.
Some early retirements are the result of company downsizings.
Early returns are encouraging, though limited.
Early returns are encouraging.
Early returns are positive.
Early returns have that move being a successful one as well.
Early returns look good.
Early returns say there's a serious problem, and researchers are starting to understand why.
Early reviews are encouraging.
Early reviews are excellent.
Early reviews are increasingly positive.
Early reviews are positive.
Early reviews are quite positive.
Early reviews are resoundingly positive.
Early reviews are very positive.
Early reviews indicate that Jordan still can play.
Early reviews indicate that things are going well.
Early ring fencing of an IT project can work in traditional automation projects.
Early rise pays off for fan .
Early risers can choose from pastries, juice, and coffee.
Early risers can enjoy coffee and newspapers in the residence hall lobbies each morning.
Early risers can enjoy coffee in the dining room before breakfast.
Early risers can enjoy coffee or tea and conversation on the deck or in the breakfast dining area.
Early risers can enjoy the beauty of a glorious sunrise.
Early risers can have breakfast to go or help themselves to a fruit and cereal bar.
Early risers can have coffee and newspaper in the parlor.
Early risers can see fawns, newly born, or goslings trooping out to one of the ponds.
Early risers can view Mars to the southeast before dawn.
Early risers can whet their appetites with the family's delicious Danish breakfast bread.
Early risers enjoy a beautifull sunrise at high seas.
Early risers experience excellent opportunities to observe the smaller birds near camp.
Early risers gather around the tree on the Bridge for fellowship and danish.
Early risers gather here to practise tai chi .
Early risers gather to drink coffee and watch the sun come up.
Early risers help themselves to sunrise coffee on the lanai before breakfast.
Many early risers go back to sleep within an hour or two of waking up.
Some early risers find that the early morning is the time they most enjoy their workout.
Some early risers get a hearty, sadistic kick out of rousing sleepyheads.
Early risk is primarily from osteomyelitis.
Many early rolls are difficult to read because of fading, staining or the nature of the binding.
Early rotation can damage the roots and jeopardize the longevity of the teeth.
Early sagebrush is an indicator of an edaphic climax and is a dominant shrub in such stands.
Early sales are good.
Early sales are slow for both books, say the publishers.
Early samplers are long and narrow, with random designs.
Early satiety can occur from numerous causes.
Early savings allow for compound interest to go to work on account contributions and earnings.
Some early scenes introduce the history of the main characters.
Early scheduling can save money and is often necessary to secure hotel and playing facilities.
Early scheduling is appreciated by teachers and leads to more teacher involvement.
Early scheduling is critical.
Early scheduling is especially important for international activities.
Early scheduling is especially important for seasonal subjects.
Early scheduling is necessary.
Early scheduling is vital.
Early scholarship offers and player evaluations are Iowa players.
All early sculpture is connected to an intrinsic part of the architecture.
Early season damping off diseases are a serious problem with kenaf production.
Early season get fit and strong full body fitness.
Early season hunting in South Texas is very interesting.
Early season is often very good.
Early season spraying also causes less damage to broadleaf herbs in the understory.
Early sections are interesting but it moves into some heavy math.
Early sections are rather academic bringing the reader up to speed on basics.
Early separation is indicated when one twin threatens the life of the other.
Some early servers are a bit more problematic to support.
Early sessions concentrate on using an existing database to enter information and create reports.
Early sessions consist of programming which breaks tasks down into small steps.
Early sessions focus primarily on racing fitness, skills and techniques.
Early settlement is particularly important when the lives of children are in the balance.
Early settlers arrive in the Rock Lake area and see strange protrusions sticking out of the water.
Early settlers rely on fishing and subsistence farming.
Some early settlers bring herbs.
Some early settlers consider animals.
Some early settlers kill turkeys.
Some early settlers kill wild turkeys.
Some early settlers see resemblance.
Some early settlers use plants.
Some early settlers use the galah as food.
Early setup ends when the South Park gate closes.
Early sheet specialize in decals for the new Chinese kits from AA and Trumpeter.
Early shoppers are more likely to find used textbooks in stock.
Early shopping can save holiday headaches.
Early shows are suitable for all ages, while late shows are age-restricted.
Early signs are big difference in size, and discrepancy in the amount of amniotic fluid in each sac.
Early signs are encouraging but a lot more work needs to be done.
Early signs are encouraging.
Early signs are exquisite cutaneous sensitivity and diffuse swelling of the hands.
Early signs are fever, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, loss of appetite, and tiredness.
Early signs are fever,depression, and loss of appetite.
Early Signs Are Good Early signs of consumer acceptance are promising.
Early signs are good.
Early signs are loss of appetite and condition with constipation.
Early signs are muscle quivering and imbalance seen in the rear legs.
Early signs are positive, with a swell of glowing reviews appearing in the national press.
Early signs are seemingly harmless.
Early signs are thirst, dry lips and dry tongue.
Early signs are uncontrolled shivering and slurred speach.
Early signs are usually on the face, neck, ears and belly.
Early signs are watery eyes, runny nose, yawning, and sweating like the flu.
Early signs can include red, swollen gums and teeth that are sensitive to tapping.
Early signs can include shivering, numbness, fatigue and poor coordination.
Early signs consist of fever, loss of appetite, lethargy and eye and nose discharge.
Early signs indicate that local sites seem to be slowly complying with the church directive.
Early signs indicate that the new open house programs are working.
Early signs indicate the abstinence program is popular.
Early signs look hopeful.
Early signs point to a successful blend of town and gown.
Early signs point to addictive patterns among users.
Early signs show that they meant it.
Some early signs suggest the business lobbying effort is starting to pay off.
Early signals can also act to forewarn against a potential strength or weakness.
Early signals can develop into spoken words.
Most early silage is still a week away.
Early sketchbooks contain pencil sketches of landscapes and coastal scenes.
Early slips can be difficult to demonstrate radiographically.
Early slips tend to slip only in the posterior direction.
Early smoke rises out of old chimneys at dawn, dark on dark in rows.
Early snow makes for excited people.
Early snows paint the higher peaks and the crispness in the air tells of winter coming.
Early socialization can help to eliminate most risks.
Early socialization is a crucial part of puppyhood.
Early socialization is a top priority.
Early socialization is also very important.
Early socialization is important.
Early socialization is of the utmost importance in the mini Aussie.
Early socialization is very important.
Early sound is reproduced flawlessly for authentic soundtrack.
Early sources consider the very ideas of work, learning, knowledge, and visual understanding.
Early specialization is still the rule for academic physicians.
All early specimens are of German manufacture.
Early speculation is that the glider had been improperly assembled before the flight.
Early speculation is unwise.
Early speculation suggests that the controlling factor originates in the hippocampus.
Early speed is much tougher right now.
Early sprays are critical for control.
Early sprays are particularly important.
Early spring brings a scattering of exquisite wildflowers.
Early spring brings California lilac and pink-flowering currant.
Early spring brings many of the viruses that cause skin rashes.
Early spring brings narcissus, daffodils, crocus, and tulips.
Early spring brings osprey, merganser, and ring-necked duck.
Early spring brings out the saucer magnolias combined with bright azaleas.
Early spring brings plenty of colour to the garden.
Early spring brings the whale festival with a host of county -wide whale related events.
Early spring brings uncrowded conditions, cooler temperatures and even a chance of snow.
Early spring can be a good time for some deciduous shrubs to be pruned, and a poor time for others.
Early spring can be the most beautiful time of the year in the Canyon.
Early spring can provide some great collecting, especially before the leaves come back on the trees.
Early spring determines the impact of salp population on krill.
Early spring finds bass close to cover and willing to bite a properly presented jig.
Early spring finds the market filled with an array of plants and flowers for yard and garden.
Early spring finds the mayapple spiraling up to form a forest floor of umbrella plants.
Early spring has high cold water which limits our activity.
Early spring is a good time for the season's first dose of fertilizer.
Early spring is a good time to check the lawn for snow mold.
Early spring is a good time to dethatch.
Early spring is a good time to look for deer antlers.
Early spring is a good time to look for the stone after the ice has melted along the shore.
Early spring is a good time to overseed an existing lawn or to plant a new lawn.
Early spring is a good time to start the ball rolling for the admissions process.
Early spring is a great time to aerate the lawn.
Early spring is a great time to get outdoors and clean up from the ravages of winter.
Early spring is a great time to prepare annual and perennial flower beds.
Early spring is a great time to see all the migratory birds.
Early spring is a nice time of year.
Early spring is also a good time to enjoy the snow, but with warmer temperatures and longer days.
Early spring is also a good time to inspect for virus diseases.
Early spring is also a good time to plant summer bulbs and bulb-like plants.
Early spring is also a good time to spread aglime.
Early spring is also a great time to visit.
Early spring is also an excellent time to fertilize the asparagus planting.
Early spring is also the period when most common termite species swarm.
Early spring is an excellent time to apply mulch around trees and shrubs before weed growth begins.
Early spring is an excellent time to do the pruning on the big old bush and species roses.
Early spring is an exciting time to haul out the canoe, kayak or raft and ply Wisconsin's waters.
Early spring is an ideal time to establish a new lawn.
Early spring is announced by the daffodils, meconopsis, camellias, cherry blossom and magnolias.
Early spring is best, but they do well with a fall repot, too.
Early spring is best.
Early spring is high gear when it comes to parties and festivities.
Early spring is often the period when adult stages are most frequently encountered in homes.
Early spring is one of the easiest times to catch largemouth bass.
Early spring is preferred to ensure dormancy.
Early spring is prime time for clearing that crowded flowerbed.
Early spring is probably THE MOST important time to prepare for the cycling season.
Early spring is recommended for established plants.
Early spring is similar to winter.
Early spring is the best time for flyfishing or traditional spin-cast fishing.
Early spring is the best time for planting.
Early spring is the best time to apply an insecticide to control mites.
Early spring is the best time to apply selective herbicides.
Early spring is the best time to divide perennials that bloom in late summer and autumn.
Early spring is the best time to fertilize fruit trees.
Early spring is the best time to plant disease-free raspberry bushes in clean soil.
Early spring is the best time to plant sprigs and plugs.
Early spring is the best time to plant strawberries.
Early spring is the best time to sow cactus seed.
Early spring is the best time to tie into one of the lunkers that inhabit the lake.
Early spring is the best time.
Early spring is the heaviest time for editing and production.
Early spring is the most dangerous time.
Early spring is the most likely time to encounter insect pests in winter vegetables.
Early spring is the most popular time to visit, and already the flow is somewhat smaller.
Early spring is the next best time.
Early spring is the perfect time to plant many herbs.
Early spring is the season to unlock it.
Early spring is the second best time.
Eggs are to the morning what scotch is to the start of a steak dinner, a perfect compliment.
Eggs are together and the larvae feed side by side, creating a large gallery.
Eggs are tough to balance for two reasons.
Eggs are traditional symbols in most cultures of spring and new life.
Eggs are translucent and comparatively large.
Eggs are translucent and resemble tiny droplets of water.
Eggs are transparent, adhesive, and are deposited in spaces between the gravel.
Eggs are transported to incubators where the eggs are then transferred to numbered baskets.
Eggs are underneath the old scale covering of the mother.
Eggs are undescribed.
Eggs are unembrionated and contain a granular material.
Eggs are unfertilised and produce only female offspring.
Eggs are used for breeds.
Eggs are used for cooking.
Eggs are used for food.
Eggs are used for nurturings.
Eggs are used for scramblings.
Eggs are used for sexual reproduction.
Eggs are used for throwings.
Eggs are usually good if refrigerated for one to two weeks after purchase.
Eggs are usually numerous and can be demonstrated without concentration techniques.
Eggs are usually quite difficult to move, whereas hair muffs and other items slide easily.
Eggs are usually safe if they are used within two weeks after the sell-date on the carton.
Eggs are valuable.
Eggs are variable from yellow to orange or yellow-brown.
Eggs are versatile, convenient, and tasty.
Eggs are versatile, that means they can be used and cooked in many different ways.
Eggs are very dark, bulletlike, and laid in rows.
Eggs are very good for dogs.
Eggs are very minute and have appearance of poppy seeds in shape.
Eggs are very obvious symbols of resurrection and continuing life.
Eggs are very rare in North Carolina.
Eggs are very small and white.
Eggs are very small, but can be seen with naked eyes.
Eggs are very small, slightly elongated, and laid under the calyx of green bolls.
Eggs are very susceptible to dry conditions and are rapidly destroyed during the dry season.
Eggs are very unhealthy to eat.
Eggs are visible in the female's abdomen.
Eggs are vulnerable to adverse circumstances, like drought, extreme temperatures and fungi.
Eggs are white and are laid inside the developing pecan nuts.
Eggs are white and are laid on the soil close to young plants.
Eggs are white and deposited singly or in small clusters on short weeds and soybean stubble.
Eggs are white and elongated, and are usually inserted into a petiole or stem.
Eggs are white and evenly spotted with reddish brown.
Eggs are white and laid every other day.
Eggs are white and laid vertically on the underside of leaves.
Eggs are white and lenticular in shape becoming clear red after a few days.
Eggs are white and speckled brown.
Eggs are white and tiny.
Eggs are white in color and are usually less than half and inch in size.
Eggs are white in color.
Eggs are white on long thread-like stalk.
Eggs are white or pale blue and spotted with brown and normally number four to five.
Eggs are white or translucent and often nearly spherical.
Eggs are white to grayish-white.
Eggs are white to pink or cinnamon and heavily blotched with dark brown.
Eggs are white to reddish-brown with a dark speckling.
Eggs are white with a black stripe and are dropped to the ground from trees in the fall.
Eggs are white with fine dots of reddish brown concentrated at the larger end.
Eggs are white with light brown markings.
Eggs are white with two black bands and a white spot.
Eggs are white, microscopic, and elongated.
Eggs are white, oblong, and very small.
Eggs are white, with black or brown spots.
Eggs are white.
Eggs are whitish in colour when first laid, but gradually turn brown.
Eggs are whitish, cylindrical, and deposited along edge of the egg gallery.
Eggs are whitish, sparingly blotched with rich brown and slate-gray mostly at the larger end.
Eggs are yellow and laid in masses.
Eggs are yellow and laid in small clusters often stuck to leaves.
Eggs are yellow with a nearly smooth surface.
Eggs are yellow, barrel-shaped and laid in clusters.
Eggs are yellow, irregularly shaped and resemble grains of sand.
Eggs are yellow, oval, and typically are laid in clusters on the undersides of leaves.
Eggs are yellow, oval-shaped, and typically laid in clusters on the undersurfaces of leaves.
Eggs are yellow, rounded, with flattened ends.
Eggs are yellow, spindle-shaped and laid on end in clusters on the undersides of the leaves.
Eggs are yellow.
Eggs are yellowish to orange and are laid in a cottony mass.
Eggs arrive for pasteurization via conveyer.
Eggs attach to the base of hairs and require a week to hatch.
Eggs automatically roll from cages onto conveyer belts for prompt collection.
Eggs automatically roll out for collection and are gathered twice a day.
Eggs become a popular consumer item.
Eggs become arid shells.
Eggs become caterpillars.
Eggs become infective after being outside the pig for one month.
Eggs become particularly apparent when contrasted on dark-colored surfaces.
Eggs begin to hatch around late pink.
Eggs begin to hatch at prepink bud stages and continue throughout bloom.
Eggs belong where they are.
Eggs Bring oil, water, salt and pepper to a boil.
Eggs can again be part of a healthy, weight-loss diet.
Eggs can be both vegitarian and non-vegitarian.
Eggs can be decorate d with jewels, handpainted scenes, decopage, and many other creative items.
Eggs can be extremely numerous, several hundred per square inch.
Eggs can be green, blue, speckled, and so on.
Eggs can be greenish, grayish, pinkish, or bluish.
Eggs can be hard-boiled in advance.
Eggs can be over- or underpoached.
Eggs can be part of a healthy diet.
Eggs can be present in the stool in infections with all Schistosoma species.
Eggs can bind ingredients as in meatloaves or croquettes.
Eggs can drop off pets in areas where they nap, such as doormats and under favorite trees.
Eggs can explode.
Eggs can hatch as quickly as two days or take as long as two weeks, depending on the environment.
Eggs can hatch at any time of the day or night.
Eggs can hatch in as little as an inch of standing water.
Eggs can hatch in as little as two weeks with favorable environmental conditions.
Eggs can hatch in one to three days if laid on warm water.
Eggs can hatch on weekends when no one is in school to care for the chicks.
Eggs can hatch several days apart giving the oldest chick a head start.
Eggs can remain infective for months to years.
Eggs can remain viable for years even in the absence of a suitable host.
Eggs can remain viable in soil for many months.
Eggs can stand a fairly long cooling and still hatch well.
Eggs can survive for years in the soil.
Eggs can survive in the environment for up to two months.
Eggs can survive in the soil for many years even when a host plant is absent.
Eggs can take from days to months to hatch.
Eggs can vary quite a lot.
Eggs can withstand cold temperatures, which is why they survive dormancy through the winter.
Eggs can withstand desiccation.
Eggs cause chickens.
Eggs cause damage to various tissues, particularly the bladder and liver.
Eggs change colour through the incubation period.
Eggs cleave radially.
Eggs come from birds.
Eggs come from chickens.
Eggs come from female chickens, called hens.
Eggs come from hens.
Eggs come from wombs, and wombs are attached to women.
Eggs come in a great variety of shapes.
Eggs come in a variety of colors and patterns.
Eggs come in a variety of colors, patterns, shapes and textures.
Eggs come in an incredible variety of shapes, sizes and markings.
Eggs come in different sizes and colors.
Eggs come in different sizes, colors, and grades.
Eggs come in different sizes.
Eggs come in lots of different colors and sizes.
Eggs come in many different sizes.
Eggs come in several size - jumbo, extra large, large, medium, small, peewee.
Eggs come in variety of dehydrated forms.
Eggs come out in the carnivore s droppings and contaminate plants that are eaten by the herbivore.
Eggs come with their own set of pros and cons.
Eggs commonly develop and hatch inside the reproductive system.
Eggs contain a yolk and a white.
Eggs contain all nine essential amino acids.
Eggs contain few cells and have one of the lowest potassium contents among high-protein foods.
Eggs contain lecithin which balances their cholesterol.
Eggs contain no cholesterol.
Eggs contain no trans fat.
Eggs contain one of the best proteins for the hair.
Eggs contain the highest quality food protein known to mankind.
Eggs contain the sulfur-bearing amino acids which aid detoxification.
Eggs contribute to obesity, heart disease, and other serious health problems.
Eggs contribute to the structure of a baked product.
Eggs cook very quickly.
Eggs depend upon body warmth to incubate.
Eggs deteriorate more in one day at room temperature than during one week in the refrigerator.
Eggs develop and contaminate in the environments.
Eggs develop and hatch as tiny froglets.
Eggs develop by dividing unequally instead of in the spiral pattern of other molluscs.
Eggs develop faster in warm water than in cool water.
Eggs develop in archegonia.
Eggs develop in follicles in the ovaries.
Eggs develop in the capsule and emerge as veligers.
Eggs develop in the ovaries and then pass through the oviducts and into the vagina.
Eggs develop in the ovaries and then travel through the oviducts to the uterus.
Eggs develop inside of the archegonia.
Eggs develop into immature worms, travel through the arteries, and are transported to muscles.
Eggs develop into larvae.
Eggs develop into tiny worms in the cocoon and crawl out through one end when ready to emerge.
Eggs develop within the female archegonium .
Eggs die on their own after several weeks.
Eggs differ in size and shape depending on the species.
Eggs differ in the amount and location of yolk.
Eggs do the same but less strongly then meats.
Eggs ellipsoidal with smooth shell.
Eggs enter diapause and stay in ephippia until conditions are favorable.
Eggs enter soil with contaminated human feces.
Eggs escape through a midbody hole called the gonopore in the female.
Eggs escape through the coelomic pore which connects the body cavity to the outside.
Eggs fall off pets and hatch into larvae.
Eggs fill the proglottid.
Eggs float in midwater, sink as larvae develop.
Eggs fly into the air and miraculously land on the blade, or are pierced on the point, of a knife.
Eggs freeze very well if they are separated.
Eggs generally hatch within a week to ten days.
Eggs get a bad rap when it comes to weight loss.
Eggs get darker in color just before hatching.
Eggs Get the secret to making perfect eggs in the shell.
Eggs give emulsifying.
Eggs go with anything.
Eggs grow and mature in the female flea's abdomen before they are laid in the animal's fur.
Eggs hatch a couple of days or weeks after the water warms up.
Eggs hatch approximately two months after they are deposited.
Eggs hatch more quickly in warmer water, with the time averaging two to three weeks.
Eggs hatch one day after being deposited.
Eggs hatch out as leaf-eating caterpillars, completing the life cycle.
Eggs hatch rapidly and larval young drift downstream to deep waters.
Eggs hatch rapidly, normally within two weeks.
Eggs hatch several months later and the juveniles establish feeding territories.
Eggs hatch several weeks later and the babies are ready to leave the nest about a month later.
Eggs hatch the following spring.
Eggs hatch two days after being laid.
Eggs have (part) cell membranes.
Eggs have (part) chromatin.
Eggs have (part) chromosomes.
Eggs have (part) corpi.
Eggs have (part) cytoplasm.
Eggs have (part) cytoskeletons.
Eggs have (part) lobes.
Eggs have (part) nuclei.
Eggs have (part) plasma membranes.
Eggs have (part) sections.
Eggs have (part) vacuoles.
Eggs have (part) yolks.
Eggs have a bad rap.
Eggs have a better chance of hatching if they miss autumn frosts.
Eggs have a big supply of protein.
Eggs have a limited amount of yolk, which requires that larvae begin to feed after the first day.
Eggs have a richer colour in the yolk, are larger and full of flavor.
Eggs have a richer colour in the yolk, are larger and full of flavour.
Eggs have a shape of their own, even more wonderful than the ellipse.
Eggs have a shellfull of nutrients.
Eggs have a sticky coating and stick to objects where they are laid.
Eggs have a textured surface and are chalky white in color.
Eggs have a white pearly color.
Eggs have cholesterol.
Eggs have far less fat than many take-away foods.
Eggs have leathery shells and are laid on land.
Eggs have lots of calcium.
Eggs have more cholesterol than chicken and come from the same place.
Eggs have no vitamin C because the chick can produce it from food it eats.
Eggs have pores in the shell.
Eggs have shells.
Eggs have some as well.
Eggs have spine like forecasts noticeable at one end and are differentiated by their oval form.
Eggs have the highest quality protein of any food.
Eggs have the highest-quality protein nature can provide, rivaled only by soy.
Eggs have therefore special mechanisms to grow to their large size.
Eggs have thick membrane and some packaged in egg case.
Eggs have to be individually cushioned to make it through.
Eggs have to look like eggs.
Eggs have two shell membranes, the inner and outer shell membranes.
Eggs have vitamins and minerals.
Eggs have yolk and they develop outside the parent.
Eggs help even much damaged hair to appear healthier and stronger.
Eggs help make a meal nutritious, and are very popular in Japan.
Eggs help put air in the dough and also keep the cake together.
Eggs help to keep our eyes healthy.
Eggs hold babies that are new.
Eggs hold some big surprises, Speckled, brown, white, or blue.
Eggs hold the mixture together.
Eggs illustrate transition from non-existence to life.
Eggs incubate about four weeks and fledging takes place after about ten weeks.
Eggs incubate and hatch.
Eggs incubate in the gravel for one to two months depending on water temperature.
Eggs incubate in the gravel through the fall and winter and emerge during the spring.
Eggs incubate in the ground for eight months.
Eggs indicate eggs in the ovaries.
Eggs initially are whitish to yellowish white in color, but turn gray as they age.
Eggs keep fresh longer in the refrigerator.
Eggs keep unborn bed bugs safe from insecticides.
Eggs keep well in the refrigerator.
Eggs lack the stalk found in green lacewing eggs.
Eggs laid by females become nonviable after mating with radiation-treated males.
Eggs laid by mated pairs of adult worms, however, can cause inflammation and hemorrhaging.
Eggs laid by snakes generally have leathery shells which often adhere to one another .
Eggs laid by snakes generally have leathery shells which often adhere to one another.
Eggs laid by the female moths start the cycle over again.
Eggs laid by the females fall off into carpeting, the pet s bedding, etc., where they hatch.
Eggs laid by the females fall off into carpeting, the pet's bedding, etc., where they hatch.
Eggs leave the cat in the feces and hatch in fresh water.
Eggs leave the ovaries when a queen mates with a tomcat.
Eggs lie in wait for the following spring.
Eggs look like green grapes.
Eggs lose a little fertility each day they are stored.
Eggs make chickens.
Eggs Make paper mache paste as above.
Eggs Make sure eggs are cooked thoroughly to reduce the risk of salmonella food poisoning.
Eggs make wine taste metallic.
Eggs mature before they leave the ovary.
Eggs mature in less than a month and queens can survive for years.
Eggs mature in the intestine.
Eggs mature over winter inside the bag, and the cycle repeats the following year.
Eggs mature underneath the female scale.
Eggs metamorphose in two to four weeks.
Eggs normally contain a single X chromosome.
Eggs normally hatch in two days to two weeks.
Eggs normally have the same color as the dragon variety, though somewhat duller in hue.
Eggs offer exceptional nutritional value and contain particular high quality protein.
Eggs parasitized by it turn black and are easy to distinguish from normal eggs.
Eggs pass down the pancreatic duct, make their way to the intestine, and exit in the feces.
Eggs pass from it into an oviduct.
Eggs pass from the ovary into the oviduct.
Eggs pass out in the feces.
Eggs pass out with body wastes.
Eggs pass out with the faecal material unembryonated.
Eggs pass out with the feces and, if they contaminate food, are introduced to another host.
Eggs pass with feces.
Eggs play a very important part in ancient myths regarding the vernal equinox.
Eggs possess the unique property of creating foams.
Eggs produce only females.
Eggs produce the best volume when used at room temperature.
Eggs produced by female cockroaches are enclosed in resilient egg cases known as oothecae.
Eggs produced by the female are passed out in the faeces.
Eggs provide an overwintering stage for many nematode species.
Eggs provide high-quality protein and vitamins along with iron and other trace minerals.
Eggs provide nutrients necessary for the developing embryo.
Eggs provide protein and flavor.
Eggs provide protein and the calcium in the shell is beneficial for laying hens.
Eggs provide protein as well.
Eggs provide some iron, but it is poorly absorbed.
Eggs range from white to yellow.
Eggs range in color from creamy pink to reddish-brown.
Eggs reach the soil in the feces, and being extremely hardy, can survive in moist soil for years.
Eggs receive no parental care, and hatchlings leave the nest several months later.
Eggs remain attached to the abdomen until they hatch.
Eggs remain dormant until spring, or spring the following year.
Eggs remain in diapause until the next spring.
Eggs remain in gravel substrates and hatch during winter, and fry emerge in spring.
Eggs remain in gravel substrates over winter until they hatch and emerge as fry during spring.
Eggs remain in the gill cavities until they hatch four to five months later.
Eggs remain in the liver until the host is devoured or the liver undergoes postmortem decomposition.
Eggs remain in the mesohyl.
Eggs remain in the old bags through winter and hatch the following spring.
Eggs remain incubated during the cold winter period and hatch at the beginning of spring.
Eggs remain on the spawning ground until they hatch the following spring.
Eggs remain viable in the soil for many months.
Eggs represent life.
Eggs represent the circle of life, the cycle of birth and death.
Eggs require greater energy investments than sperm.
Eggs resemble kegs and are laid on end in groups.
Eggs return via the bile duct to the digestive system and exit from the body in feces.
Eggs roll in a funny and wobbly way.
Eggs roll on to rollers and are gently hurried to the central packing area.
Eggs roll right from the hen to a conveyor belt into a packaging or processing facility next door.
Eggs rot in the body.
Eggs seem to have gotten a bad rap.
Eggs separate better when they are at room temperature.
Eggs serve as the glue, holding the custard together through coagulating or solidifying when heated.
Eggs sink to the bottom and hatch in several days to one week.
Eggs sit in their shells and even get partially cooked from the heat near the broiler.
Eggs soon drop off or are brushed off.
Eggs spend the winter beneath the bark of twigs and hatch in late spring.
Eggs stand on end.
Eggs stand out as being different from their surroundings.
Eggs start to deteriorate from the time they are laid.
Eggs start to hatch in late spring.
Eggs stay high quality for three to four weeks after pack date.
Eggs stay within the mother's body until hatched.
Eggs stick to the transparent tape.
Eggs strengthen cell structure.
Eggs supply a variety of minerals and vitamins, with iron in the yolk being especially noteworthy.
Eggs survive the winters along the coast of the more northern states.
Eggs symbolize birth and fertility in many cultures.
Eggs symbolize new life and new beginnings.
Eggs symbolize new life, of course, and wheaten cakes, grain.
Eggs take a week or so to develop.
Eggs take about a month to hatch.
Eggs take about a week to hatch.
Eggs take about eleven to thirteen days to hatch.
Eggs take about four months to hatch.
Eggs take anywhere from a few days to a few weeks to hatch.
Eggs take around seven weeks to hatch.
Eggs taste great.
Eggs tend to coat the tongue making it difficult to taste wine.
Eggs tend to hatch in heavy rain, facilitating the release of tadpoles into the water below.
Eggs then develop inside the female.
Eggs then hatch as a nauplius, a larva consisting of a head and a telson.
Eggs then hatch in spring.
Eggs too are a symbol of new birth and fertility.
Eggs turn a pale straw color just before hatching.
Eggs turn black just prior to hatching.
Eggs turn into birds.
Eggs turn pink, then red as the embryo develops, finally turning brown prior to hatching.
Eggs turn white when dead.
Eggs typically hatch within one to two weeks and the newly emerged borers chew through the bark.
Eggs typically hatch within one to two weeks, and the newly emerged borers chew through the bark.
Eggs typically turn black before adult wasps emerge.
Eggs vary greatly in size, shape, and color.
Eggs vary in color and texture from one species to another.
Eggs weigh about three pounds each and have a very hard, glazed, cream-colored shell.
Eggs when spawned are passed through the gills and are retained in the mantle chamber.
Eggs work well in both moving and still water.
Eggs always go in the refrigerator.
Eggs Always use grade A large eggs.
Eggs often are beautifully colored and ornamental.
Eggs often come up in reproductive health discussion.
Eggs often hatch over a three day period which is unusual for any member of the quail family.
Eggs often take wax and dye differently.
Eggs usually are produced in groups and in structures called egg pods.
Eggs usually develop and hatch in reproductory system.
Eggs usually develop in approximately one to two weeks.
Eggs usually hatch in about a month.
Eggs usually hatch in about five days.
Eggs usually hatch in about four weeks.
Eggs usually hatch in early spring.
Emphasis is on results and techniques.
Emphasis is on retail decision alternatives used when formulating retail strategy.
Emphasis is on reuniting fathers with their children .
Emphasis is on revenue strategies, structure and control.
Emphasis is on reversed phase techniques.
Emphasis is on review of scientific literature.
Emphasis is on revision of writing projects, and preparation and presentation of texts.
Emphasis is on rheology of food heating and cooling processes and thermodynamics of food freezing.
Emphasis is on rigid and soft contact lens design and fitting.
Emphasis is on rigorous science, sound methodologies,and attention to fundamentals.
Emphasis is on risk analysis, internal control review, audit evidence and procedures, and sampling.
Emphasis is on road cycling, however some mountain bike rides.
Emphasis is on robust coarse grid corrections by means of operator-dependent intergrid transfers.
Emphasis is on roleplay and an extensive space system.
Emphasis is on Roman orthography and basic grammar, with some attention to dialect variation.
Emphasis is on rotary breathing and backstroke.
Emphasis is on rote learning and memorizing.
Emphasis is on rsm finance, finances financed established purchase purchases and on warrants.
Emphasis is on running faster and individual development through teamwork.
Emphasis is on rural and nonmetropolitan counties and regions.
Emphasis is on rural poverty and combating racism.
Emphasis is on Russian-era structures and natural processes.
Emphasis is on Russia's political and aesthetic uniqueness.
Emphasis is on sacred music.
Emphasis is on safe application of technique to choreograph stage fights.
Emphasis is on safe paddling practices and rescue techniques.
Emphasis is on safety and avoidance of potentially compromising situations.
Emphasis is on safety and control.
Emphasis is on safety and development of skills and techniques.
Emphasis is on safety and learning to move freely to the music.
Emphasis is on safety and skill development in solo and tandem paddling.
Emphasis is on safety but also covers the theory and practice of backpack electrofishing.
Emphasis is on safety controls, efficient production, and operational procedures.
Emphasis is on safety, acceptable range of motion and fitness.
Emphasis is on safety, endurance, timing, and water games.
Emphasis is on safety, self-esteem and, most of all, fun.
Emphasis is on safety, skill development, and trip planning.
Emphasis is on safety, speed, and accuracy in focimetry and all aspects of laboratory procedures.
Emphasis is on safety.
Emphasis is on sales techniques involved in various types of selling situations.
Emphasis is on sandstones, but coverage of conglomerates, siltstones and shales is also included.
Emphasis is on satisfactory basic knowledge in biology, physics and chemistry.
Emphasis is on scene study through improvisational techniques and textual analysis.
Emphasis is on scenery for the legitimate stage.
Emphasis is on scenic design for dance and technical aspects of lighting design.
Emphasis is on schematic diagrams and simple printed circuit board layout.
Emphasis is on scholarly and professional materials.
Emphasis is on scholarly learning and the use of Internet as a tool in the classroom.
Emphasis is on scholarly monographs for humanities and social sciences disciplines.
Emphasis is on scholarly practice, teaching, and research.
Emphasis is on scholarly publications.
Emphasis is on scholarly texts, research publications, and journals.
Emphasis is on scholarly treatment rather than popularization, textbooks, and children's literature.
Emphasis is on school-community action programs to conserve the environment.
Emphasis is on schools, but there is concern for business access in rural areas as well.
Emphasis is on science as a process of discovering both new ideas and new empirical results.
Emphasis is on science of plant growth and development.
Emphasis is on science publications, but the social sciences and humanities are also included.
Emphasis is on science, education,and conservation.
Emphasis is on science, technology, and medicine.
Emphasis is on scientific and engineering disciplines.
Emphasis is on scientific discovery and artistic expression.
Emphasis is on scientific literature in the physical and biological sciences.
Emphasis is on scientific procedure, ethics, and responsibility.
Emphasis is on scientific reasoning and testing as applied to understanding the solid earth.
Emphasis is on scientific research in nutrition and Food Science.
Emphasis is on scientific revolutions that have affected perceptions of space, time, and cause.
Emphasis is on Scotland and Scottish heritage, organizations, and events.
Emphasis is on script interpretation and execution of the design concept.
Emphasis is on scripting interactivity and animation.
Emphasis is on scripting languages, web database programming, and web server management tools.
Emphasis is on sculptural techniques and design.
Emphasis is on seamanship and navigation.
Emphasis is on searching for information in the traditional plant and animal sciences.
Emphasis is on seasonal, nutritious foods that take a minimum of time to prepare.
Emphasis is on secondary literature of a scholarly nature.
Emphasis is on secular music and the preparation of publication-quality performing editions.
Emphasis is on securing adequate safe housing for limited resource individuals and families.
Emphasis is on securing multi-year pledges.
Emphasis is on security attacks, malicious programs, authentication, and availability.
Emphasis is on security, configuration, data management, and system startup and shut down.
Emphasis is on security, configuration, data management, and system startup and shutdown.
Emphasis is on security, system availability, and problem determination techniques.
Emphasis is on security.
Emphasis is on sedimentary, geochemical, and hydrodynamic processes.
Emphasis is on seeing light while learning the technical side.
Emphasis is on seeking help at the beginning of a sleep disorder.
Emphasis is on selected major artists, monuments, and methods of analysis.
Emphasis is on selected problems and policies in the several regional areas.
Emphasis is on selected works of scientific and literary interest.
Emphasis is on selecting appropriate techniques to express creative vision in fine art.
Emphasis is on selecting the appropriate application for a workplace.
Emphasis is on selecting the right person the first time.
Emphasis is on selection and management of hardware, software, data, personnel, and procedures.
Emphasis is on selection, purchasing, food preparation, storage, and preservation of foods.
Emphasis is on selection, specification and performance evaluation.
Emphasis is on self exploration using formal and informal assessment tools.
Emphasis is on self-concept development and effective communication techniques used with children.
Emphasis is on self-defense as well as mental, physical and spiritual discipline.
Emphasis is on self-discipline, respect and self control.
Emphasis is on self-esteem and motivational techniques to achieve personal goals.
Emphasis is on self-esteem, coordination, flexibility and balance.
Emphasis is on self-exploration using formal and informal assessment tools.
Emphasis is on selflessness, cleanliness, emotional calm, and conformity.
Emphasis is on self-reliance, exploration and nature study.
Emphasis is on self-understanding and improving patterns of communication.
Emphasis is on semiotic relationships between typographic and other graphic forms.
Emphasis is on sensitive site design using both social and environmental information.
Emphasis is on sensitivity, service, and providing employment opportunities.
Emphasis is on sensory awareness, pantomime and story dramatization.
Emphasis is on sensory functions and the correlates of neuroanatomy and human behavior.
Emphasis is on sentence and paragraph development, along with grammar, vocabulary and comprehension.
Emphasis is on sentence and paragraph structures, word choice, idioms, and phrases.
Emphasis is on sentence combining and sentence composing.
Emphasis is on sentence structure and paragraph writing.
Emphasis is on sentence structure, paragraph writing and language mechanics.
Emphasis is on separating the different elements of programming languages and styles.
Emphasis is on setting fees, contracts with parents, record keeping, finances, and planning the day.
Emphasis is on setting priorities for patient care through the use of the nursing process.
Emphasis is on shallow water Florida environments.
Emphasis is on shaping the skills and avoiding practicing errors.
Emphasis is on shaping, routing and carving.
Emphasis is on shaping, routing, and carving.
Emphasis is on shared-use trails and cooperation among user groups.
Emphasis is on sharing and exposing data to other researchers.
Emphasis is on sharing applied knowledge and real world experiences among a diverse membership.
Emphasis is on sharing creativity and diversity, rather than serious competition.
Emphasis is on sharing creativity and vision, rather than serious competition.
Emphasis is on sharpening skills and developing teamwork.
Emphasis is on short one or two-day projects that are graded and discussed.
Emphasis is on short term projects and observations related to practice.
Emphasis is on short-term crisis intervention theory and approach.
Emphasis is on sight reading of intricate note passages and improvisational skills.
Emphasis is on sight reading skills and upon obtaining a performance level for public presentation.
Emphasis is on sights and interesting but brief histories by region.
Emphasis is on sights and interesting but brief history by region.
Emphasis is on significance of concepts as they relate to the real world environment.
Emphasis is on significant issues in the discourse on human possibilities.
Emphasis is on significant literary figures and movements.
Emphasis is on silicon devices, with mention of gallium arsenide.
Emphasis is on simple ballet steps and barre work.
Emphasis is on simple experiments and materials.
Emphasis is on simple moves which are suited for police tactics.
Emphasis is on simplicitly and minimality rather than completeness.
Emphasis is on simplification, assuring health and safety, and supporting consumers.
Emphasis is on simplified analysis technique with a view towards a preliminary design.
Emphasis is on simplified mechanical and freehand systems of perspective drawing.
Emphasis is on simplified systems of perspective drawing.
Emphasis is on simplifying DIS diagnosis using shop manual and simple test equipment.
Emphasis is on simulation methods and pole placement techniques for controller development.
Emphasis is on Singapore but has broad coverage of other countries.
Emphasis is on singing with the guitar.
Emphasis is on single subject research designs.
Emphasis is on singletrack skills including downhilling, switchbacking and cornering.
Emphasis is on sites hospice staff can use to get ideas and answers for common questions.
Emphasis is on sites useful for academic research by faculty and students.
Emphasis is on sites useful to academics.
Emphasis is on site-specific assessment, surveillance, and education.
Emphasis is on skill analysis and peer evaluation.
Emphasis is on skill building, visual learning, and a process approach to the work.
Emphasis is on skill development and encouraging positive attitudes.
Emphasis is on skill development and implementation of industry standard practices and techniques.
Emphasis is on skill development and individual instruction as well as team competition.
Emphasis is on skill development and musical understanding.
Emphasis is on skill development and scrimmage.
Emphasis is on skill development and team competition, with special attention to game situations.
Emphasis is on skill development for the enhancement of productivity.
Emphasis is on skill development in evaluation procedures and in coaching.
Emphasis is on skill development including recognizing and categorizing ocular motility defeats.
Emphasis is on skill development techniques beneficial to the beginner gymnast.
Emphasis is on skill development through practice and supervision.
Emphasis is on skill development through technical sessions and small sided games.
Emphasis is on skill development, stregth building, and sprint distances.
Emphasis is on skill development.
Emphasis is on skill improvement, maximum number of ball contacts and motivation.
Emphasis is on skills and abilities needed to perform at the operational level in the modern office.
Emphasis is on skills and applications related to success in algebra.
Emphasis is on skills and efficiency in programming.
Emphasis is on skills development and knowledge of the game.
Emphasis is on skills development, knowledge of the rules, and basic game strategy.
Emphasis is on skills development, process and conceptual awareness.
Emphasis is on skills enhancing individual intent and expression.
Emphasis is on skills needed to lead projects and interface with engineering and development teams.
Emphasis is on skills such as problem solving, quantitative reasoning, and critical thinking.
Emphasis is on skills to handle everyday situations.
Emphasis is on skills, strategy, and application of rules.
Emphasis is on skin-deep surfaces.
Emphasis is on small companies w ith limited environmental staff or expertise.
Emphasis is on small companion animals.
Emphasis is on small dent repair and rust patching.
Emphasis is on small group discussion, which helps the young people put learning into action.
Emphasis is on small intestinal type digestion.
Emphasis is on smoothness, natural movement, finesse, speed, balance, and control .
Emphasis is on sobriety maintenance and life skill or vocational development.
Emphasis is on social and instrumental activities.
Emphasis is on social and political thought as well as culture, religion, and geography.
Emphasis is on social behavior, especially the behavior of social insects.
Emphasis is on social change perspectives and cultural complexity.
Emphasis is on social demographic, housing, and economic data for states and smaller areas.
Emphasis is on social history rather than on technological developments.
Emphasis is on social importance.
Emphasis is on social or cultural contexts and integrated vocabulary clusters.
Emphasis is on social sciences, and law.
Emphasis is on social, political and economic changes.
Emphasis is on social, service, and spiritual needs.
Emphasis is on socialization in a small group setting without a parent.
Emphasis is on socialization to other puppies, dogs, people.
Emphasis is on socialization, basic manners, and discipline.
Emphasis is on societal reaction as well as sentiment about multinationals in general.
Emphasis is on sociological theories which explain deviant behavior.
Emphasis is on sociology, psychology, and psychiatry.
Emphasis is on socio-political issues.
Emphasis is on software and hardware product used to enhance communication and learning.
Emphasis is on software that is available free of charge via the Internet.
Emphasis is on software tools, presentation options, design and presentation considerations.
Emphasis is on soil and water conservation with some attention to wind erosion.
Emphasis is on soil conservation.
Emphasis is on sole proprietorship.
Emphasis is on solid mechanics.
Emphasis is on solid modeling in design, analysis and manufacturing.
Emphasis is on solutions to problems common to various engineering technology disciplines.
Emphasis is on solving actual business and organizational communication problems.
Emphasis is on solving case problems and actual credit situations.
Emphasis is on solving engineering problems using computers and numerical techniques.
Emphasis is on solving practical problems in an entrepreneurial small business setting.
Emphasis is on solving problems in environmental geochemistry.
Emphasis is on solving problems of financial policy faced by management.
Emphasis is on solving problems of financial policy that managers face.
Emphasis is on solving problems of motivation, communication, leadership, and group relations.
Emphasis is on solving problems that involve practical calculations.
Emphasis is on solving real-world problems in a professional studio atmosphere.
Emphasis is on solving technical and scientific problems.
Emphasis is on solving technical problems.
Emphasis is on song, prayer and dance.
Emphasis is on sound and intricacy of footwork.
Emphasis is on sound fundamentals in both the full swing and all aspects of the short game.
Emphasis is on sound spatial structure and synthesis of drawing and painting.
Emphasis is on sound theoretical frameworks rather than ad hoc approaches.
Emphasis is on sounds of words, parts of words, and reading.
Emphasis is on sources for temperate to cold temperate zones.
Emphasis is on South Dakota law.
Emphasis is on soybean and field corn production research.
Emphasis is on spa, gambling, hotel and ethnic history of Saratoga Springs.
Emphasis is on space, form, and time through the utilization of existing light.
Emphasis is on Spanish and Indian language areas.
Emphasis is on spatial and movement awareness.
Emphasis is on speaking and comprehension with additional reading and writing.
Emphasis is on speaking and listening comprehension.
Emphasis is on speaking and listening skills.
Emphasis is on speaking and listening to the language.
Emphasis is on speaking and listening.
Emphasis is on speaking and on understanding the spoken language.
Emphasis is on speaking and understanding the spoken language.
Emphasis is on speaking and understanding, with some attention to reading and writing.
Emphasis is on speaking German.
Emphasis is on speaking Spanish.
Emphasis is on speaking the language.
Emphasis is on speaking with a correct accent and syntax.
Emphasis is on speaking, and the course is tailored to students expressed needs.
Emphasis is on speaking, and the course is tailored to students' expressed needs.
Emphasis is on speaking, hearing, and reading.
Emphasis is on speaking, intermediate-high level grammar, American slang and idioms.
Emphasis is on speaking, listening, and reading.
Emphasis is on speaking, listening, reading and writing.
Emphasis is on speaking, middle grammar and American slang.
Emphasis is on speaking, reading, and writing.
Emphasis is on speaking.
Emphasis is on special approaches and demands of the musical comedy form.
Emphasis is on special marketing considerations affecting technical products.
Emphasis is on special materials, bifocal lenses and finishing techniques.
Emphasis is on special modalities.
Emphasis is on specialized training in couple and family therapy theory and technique.
Emphasis is on specialized transcription features.
Emphasis is on species of commercial or recreational importance.
Emphasis is on species with economic potential or conservation status.
Emphasis is on specific action that individuals can take.
Emphasis is on specific diseases and conditions.
Emphasis is on specific nations, people and concepts from the French Revolution to the present.
Emphasis is on specification for commercial interiors and liability issues for interior designers.
Emphasis is on spectrometric, electrochemical, and chromatographic methods.
Emphasis is on speech delivery, preparation, organization, research, support, and audience analysis.
Emphasis is on speech preparation, organization, support, delivery, and audience analysis.
Emphasis is on speed and accuracy development, keyboarding technique, and proofreading skills.
Emphasis is on speed and accuracy in all items on the competence list.
Emphasis is on speed and accuracy in keying alphabetic, symbol, and numeric information.
Emphasis is on speed, convergence of voice, video and data.
Emphasis is on spending as little as possible to encourage people to become involved with audio.
Emphasis is on spoken German.
Emphasis is on spoken usage.
Emphasis is on sponsorship of ethnic celebrations, sports events, music festivals, and art tours.
Emphasis is on sportsmanship and participation.
Emphasis is on sportsmanship, safety, and teamwork.
Emphasis is on sportsmanship, team cooperation and the promotion of good health habits.
Emphasis is on sportsmanship, teamwork, and the ability to develop strategies during a match.
Emphasis is on spraying and hand rubbing with lubricants.
Emphasis is on spreadsheet analysis of common elementary situations.
Emphasis is on stable, reliable sources of information.
Emphasis is on stacks, queues, lists, recursion, trees, sorting, and searching.
Emphasis is on staff organization, working with administrators, faculty and printers.
Emphasis is on staged processes, such as distillation, extraction and washing.
Emphasis is on stamina, muscular strength and cardiovascular fitness.
Emphasis is on stances, the hips, movement, and basic techniques.
Emphasis is on standard as well as custom products.
Emphasis is on starting and financing aspects, because of their uniqueness to small companies.
Emphasis is on starting financing aspects, because of their uniqueness to small companies.
Emphasis is on state policy-making, urban politics, and metropolitics.
Emphasis is on static fields in both vacuum and matter.
Emphasis is on stationary gas engines and outboard motors.
Emphasis is on statistical and directory information.
Emphasis is on statistics for experiments and on computer based analysis.
Emphasis is on steadiness and reliability.
Emphasis is on stereochemistry.
Emphasis is on stitching techniques and introductory patterning.
Emphasis is on stoichiometry and chemical equilibrium.
Emphasis is on stormwater management planning and design in an urban setting.
Emphasis is on storytelling and professional techniques.
Emphasis is on straightforward navigation and attractive graphics and color elements.
Emphasis is on strategic allocation of resources-both financial and other types of resources.
Emphasis is on strategic analysis, strategy formulation, and strategy implementation.
Emphasis is on strategic choices that create sustainable advantage.
Emphasis is on strategic management for middle managers, and the program has cohort groups.
Emphasis is on strategic management for middle managers.
Emphasis is on strategies for empowerment, justice and equality.
Emphasis is on strategy formulation and implementation.
Emphasis is on strategy formulation, implementation, and control of organizations of all types.
Emphasis is on strategy rather than action.
Emphasis is on strength, smaller muscles and cutting up.
Emphasis is on strengthening writing skills.
Emphasis is on stretching, basic gymnastics skills and strengthening.
Emphasis is on stretching, proper form and progressions, and injury prevention.
Emphasis is on stroke execution and endurance.
Emphasis is on stroke production, consistency and footwork.
Emphasis is on stroke, starts, and turns.
Emphasis is on strong management skills and ability to work under pressure and tight deadlines.
Emphasis is on structural elements leading to perceptive criticism of literature.
Emphasis is on structure and function of living organisms and ecology.
Emphasis is on structure and reactivity in relation to biochemical processes.
Emphasis is on structure and the materials of bookbinding.
Emphasis is on structure function relationships and mechanisms of signaling at the cellular level.
Emphasis is on structure, argument, and individual style.
Emphasis is on structure, character, conflict.
Emphasis is on structure, function, and the interrelationships of the human systems.
Emphasis is on structure, function, reproduction, and phylogenetic relationships of the plants.
Emphasis is on structured program design techniques.
Emphasis is on structured programming and general programming techniques.
Emphasis is on structured programming techniques.
Emphasis is on structured techniques using top-down design and program modularization.
Emphasis is on structured techniques.
Emphasis is on structures observable on ultrasound scans.
Emphasis is on structures, processes, and policy implications.
Emphasis is on student acquisition of knowledge rather than the delivery of information.
Emphasis is on student autonomy and decision-making.
Emphasis is on student composition to be performed in class.
Emphasis is on student generated conversations.
Emphasis is on student involvement and independent work.
Emphasis is on student participation and a very close reading of texts.
Emphasis is on student participation and exploring areas of current biological importance.
Emphasis is on student participation in experiments, seminars, and discussion.
Emphasis is on student participation, interaction, and broadening of student perspective.
Emphasis is on student participation.
Emphasis is on student research, writing, and presentation, including some role-playing.
Emphasis is on student-presented data and their conceptualization.
Emphasis is on students' artistic growth and development.
Emphasis is on students as consumers of research.
Emphasis is on students' enjoyment of the reading process.
Emphasis is on students involved in a number of different activities.
Emphasis is on studies of physical phenomena and concepts through computer modeling.
Emphasis is on studio production.
Emphasis is on study and practice of techniques that go into the composition of short stories.
Emphasis is on study of economic policy and institutions.
Emphasis is on study skills, time management and goal setting.
Emphasis is on study skills, time management, goal setting and research techniques.
Emphasis is on study, analysis, and application to teaching in the community college.
Emphasis is on studying cash flows.
Emphasis is on studying contemporary issues involving legal principles.
Emphasis is on style and diction, and on preparing and writing essays on literary topics.
Emphasis is on style, story development and research.
Emphasis is on styling and quality of movement.
Emphasis is on stylistic analysis of significant musical works from each period.
Emphasis is on stylistic and semantic analysis.
Emphasis is on stylistic developments and formal procedures.
Emphasis is on stylistic developments.
Emphasis is on subject area integration.
Emphasis is on subject matter appropriate to the program or discipline.
Emphasis is on subject searching of the web.
Emphasis is on subjects interesting to Jefferson County residents.
Emphasis is on subroutine computation with applications to problems in science and engineering.
Emphasis is on success and finding areas of strength.
Emphasis is on successfully developing and maintaining relationships with peers and supervisors.
Emphasis is on such current issues as tribal sovereignty, treaty rights, and education.
Emphasis is on such uniform-related materials as buttons, buckles, and insignia.
Emphasis is on summative evaluation with some formative evaluation included.
Emphasis is on superior, full color architectural photographs.
Emphasis is on support for the newly bereaved from peers guided by qualified facilitators.
Emphasis is on supporting an individual's personal exploration and growth.
Emphasis is on supporting life processes, animal systems, evolution, ecosystems and communities.
Emphasis is on supporting the student's reflective process.
Emphasis is on surface and groundwater applications, with some attention to atmospheric application.
Emphasis is on surface decoration and glazing.
Emphasis is on surfaces and materials and their binding, intersection, and juxtaposition.
Some energy affects flight.
Some energy arises from oxidation.
Some energy becomes approaches.
Some energy becomes biomass.
Some energy becomes electrical energy input.
Some energy becomes energy input.
Some energy becomes heat.
Some energy becomes input.
Some energy becomes liquids.
Some energy becomes relativity.
Some energy becomes special relativity.
Some energy brings death.
Some energy causes bonds.
Some energy causes damage.
Some energy causes hydrogen bonds.
Some energy causes ice.
Some energy causes pollution.
Some energy causes snow.
Some energy causes vaporization.
Some energy comes from autotrophs.
Some energy comes from body heat.
Some energy comes from burn fire.
Some energy comes from burns.
Some energy comes from carbohydrates.
Some energy comes from coal.
Some energy comes from conversions.
Some energy comes from cores.
Some energy comes from diets.
Some energy comes from digestion.
Some energy comes from electrical power plants.
Some energy comes from engines.
Some energy comes from fat burns.
Some energy comes from fire.
Some energy comes from forces.
Some energy comes from fossil fuel.
Some energy comes from fuel.
Some energy comes from fusion.
Some energy comes from gates.
Some energy comes from hands.
Some energy comes from heat surfaces.
Some energy comes from heat.
Some energy comes from hot water.
Some energy comes from maintenance respiration.
Some energy comes from nuclear fusion.
Some energy comes from nutritious diets.
Some energy comes from ocean surfaces.
Some energy comes from oil.
Some energy comes from petroleum.
Some energy comes from photosynthesis.
Some energy comes from plants.
Some energy comes from power plants.
Some energy comes from respiration.
Some energy comes from strong forces.
Some energy comes from sugar.
Some energy comes from sunshine.
Some energy comes from surfaces.
Some energy comes from use fossil fuel.
Some energy comes from water.
Some energy comes into contact.
Some energy contains food.
Some energy contains materials.
Some energy creates collisions.
Some energy creates illusion.
Some energy creates obstacles.
Some energy creates phenomena.
Some energy depends on height.
Some energy depends on materials.
Some energy depends on quality.
Some energy depends on types.
Some energy depends on voltage.
Some energy derives from bananas.
Some energy derives from digestion.
Some energy derives from disturbances.
Some energy derives from meat.
Some energy derives from photosynthesis.
Some energy derives from plants.
Some energy derives from such disturbances.
Some energy derives from sunlight.
Some energy derives from wind.
Some energy drives climates.
Some energy drives nails.
Some energy drives tropical storms.
Some energy ensures fatigue.
Some energy explores concepts.
Some energy falls on earth.
Some energy falls on surfaces.
Some energy flows into lightbulbs.
Some energy flows through biospheres.
Some energy flows through centres.
Some energy generates metabolism.
Some energy gets energy.
Some energy gets heat energy.
Some energy gets kinetic energy.
Some energy gets thermal energy.
Some energy gets total energy.
Some energy goes into air.
Some energy goes into animal wastes.
Some energy goes into bonds.
Some energy goes into break intermolecular bonds.
Some energy goes into floors.
Some energy goes into fluid.
Some energy goes into heat air.
Some energy goes into heat.
Some energy goes into intermolecular bonds.
Some energy goes into reproduction.
Some energy goes into ropes.
Some energy goes into sound in the air.
Some energy goes into sound.
Some energy goes into walls.
Some energy goes into waste heat.
Some energy goes into water.
Some energy goes through toasters.
Some energy goes towards performing work and some is lost as waste heat.
Some energy has capacity.
Some energy has confidence.
Some energy has energy.
Some energy has fate.
Some energy has mass.
Some energy has waves.
Some energy includes charge.
Some energy includes chemicals.
Some energy includes classifications.
Some energy includes light.
Some energy includes wind.
Some energy induces motion.
Some energy is absorbed and heats up the land and seas.
Some energy is absorbed by ice.
Some energy is absorbed by melt water.
Some energy is absorbed by water.
Some energy is caused by compression.
Some energy is caused by gas compression.
Some energy is consumed by appliances.
Some energy is consumed by bulbs.
Some energy is consumed by simply magnetizing the iron core.
Some energy is converted into heat within the iron core.
Some energy is created by photosynthesis.
Some energy is created by steps.
Some energy is created by wind.
Some energy is generated by fermentation.
Some energy is generated by gasoline.
Some energy is generated by light.
Some energy is generated by tsunamis.
Some energy is generated by water.
Some energy is given off as heat.
Some energy is lost at each stage of the chain.
Some energy is lost at each step, usually in the from of radiation of heat.
Some energy is lost due to symport and other normal processes.
Some energy is lost in hair loss or milk production.
Some energy is lost in the form of heat, making some of it unavailable for further useful work.
Some energy is lost in the form of sound, but the majority is heat.
Some energy is lost.
Some energy is produced by accumulation.
Some energy is produced by aerobic respiration.
Some energy is produced by animals.
Some energy is produced by autotrophs.
Some energy is produced by flow accumulation.
Some energy is produced by hearts.
Some energy is produced by respiration.
Some energy is reflected back into space in the form of light.
Some energy is released by bonds.
Some energy is released by burn candles.
Some energy is released by burn fuel.
Some energy is released by candles.
Some energy is released by circuits.
Some energy is released by condensation.
Some energy is released by fermentation.
Some energy is released by fission.
Some energy is released by flow water.
Some energy is released by fuel.
Some energy is released by hydroxide.
Some energy is released by quakes.
Some energy is released by radiation.
Some energy is released by sodium hydroxide.
Some energy is released by storms.
Some energy is released by water.
Some energy is sacrificed to produce more energy overall.
Some energy is stored in magnetic patterns on some medium.
Some energy is sure to dissipate.
Some energy is transfered by bulbs.
Some energy is transfered by conduction.
Some energy is transfered by convection.
Some energy is transfered by devices.
Some energy is transfered by motors.
Some energy is transfered by voltage bulbs.
Some energy is used by adults.
Some energy is used by bulbs.
Some energy is used by cattle.
Some energy is used by domestic cattle.
Some energy is used by fans.
Some energy is used by people.
Some energy is used by plants.
Some energy is used by watt light bulbs.
Some energy is used during growth.
Some energy is used for symport processes as described elsewhere.
Some energy leads to fatigue.
Some energy occurs in cytoplasm.
Some energy occurs in patches.
Some energy overcomes intermolecular forces.
Some energy passes through balloons.
Some energy passes through ears.
Some energy passes through levels.
Some energy passes through outer ears.
Some energy passes through roofs.
Some energy passes through tops.
Some energy passes through trophic levels.
Some energy passes through water.
Some energy passes through wire.
Some energy plays essential roles.
Some energy plays important roles.
Some energy plays roles.
Some energy possesses chemical energy.
Some energy possesses energy.
Some energy produces air.
Some energy produces cool sensation.
Some energy produces damage.
Some energy produces environmental damage.
Some energy produces from photosynthesis.
Some energy produces from sunlight.
Some energy produces gases.
Some energy produces leaves.
Some energy produces materials.
Some energy produces radioactive materials.
Some energy produces rays.
Some energy produces seeds.
Some energy produces sensation.
Some energy produces steam.
Some energy produces substances.
Some energy provides energy.
Some energy provides enough energy.
Some energy provides kinetic energy.
Some energy pushes envelopes.
Some energy raises energy levels.
Some energy raises levels.
Some energy reaches shores.
Some energy reduces ability.
Some energy reduces resistance.
Some energy reduces swim ability.
Some energy relates to applications.
Some energy released from the exergonic process of glycolysis drives the production of two net ATPs.
Some energy releases chemical energy.
Some energy releases heat energy.
Some energy represents energy.
Some energy represents incident energy.
Some energy requires analyses.
Some energy requires expansion.
Some energy requires for development.
Some energy requires for germination.
Some energy requires for physical development.
Some energy requires for reproduction.
Some energy requires further analyses.
Some energy requires input.
Some energy requires waves.
Some energy resides in the nuclear particles which are present together with the electrons.
Some energy saves benefits.
Some energy sends the ball flying towards the bleachers.
Some energy storing oil droplets are visible in the center portion.
Some energy strikes earth atmospheres.
Some energy strikes environments.
Some energy supports life.
Some energy takes places.
Some energy triggers chemical reaction.
Some energy turns wheels.
Some energy uses appliances.
Some energy uses batteries.
Some energy uses chlorophyll.
Some energy uses devices.
Some energy uses electric appliances.
Some energy uses electronic devices.
Some energy uses for heat.
Some energy uses in applications.
Some energy uses in operations.
Some energy uses light.
Some energy uses rechargeable batteries.
EnergyEd Events Welcome to EnergyEd events.
EnergyUnited crews use backpack sprayers to selectively target unwanted vegetation.
Enfilade fire is effective because more of the position is exposed to the gunfire.
Enfilade fire is gunfire
An enfilade is gunfire
Enfilade comes from the French word enfiler , to thread.
Enfilades are a class of data structures and their corresponding algorithms.
Enfilades are gunfire.
Enforceable contracts are one of the bedrocks of our economy.
Enforceable milestones dictate schedules of activities that are required in an agreement.
Enforceable rules are best.
Enforceable security is one.
Enforced jollity is the distinguishing feature.
Enforced poverty is no longer a condition of medical care for people with disabilities.
Enforced silence is an inadequate defense against prejudice and discord.
Enforcement authority arises.
Enforcement alone can have little impact.
Enforcement also remains a fundamental problem.
Enforcement also requires that citizens be willing to testify and document the violation.
Enforcement appears to be a critical shortcoming of the fee system.
Enforcement can also be a tricky problem.
Enforcement can be a problem.
Enforcement can mean a transfer or, in extreme cases, dismissal.
Enforcement can occur only if violations are made known.
Enforcement can range from warnings to termination.
Enforcement consists of intake and case processing.
Enforcement constitutes enforcement.
Enforcement continues to be a problem.
Enforcement continues to be an issue under consideration.
Enforcement creates serious political repercussions, leading to inadequate interdiction.
Enforcement includes both civil and criminal penalties as well as field citations.
Enforcement includes ticketing and towing illegally parked vehicles.
Enforcement involves police issuing municipal by-law and Motor Vehicle Act tickets.
Enforcement involves several steps.
Enforcement is a big concern.
Enforcement is a big problem.
Enforcement is a continuing process.
Enforcement is a critical component of any anti corruption strategy.
Enforcement is a critical partner for exporters.
Enforcement is a crucial part of any privacy solution.
Enforcement is a joint effort.
Enforcement is a joke.
Enforcement is a key part of that strategy.
Enforcement is a major deterrent to future environmental crime.
Enforcement is a major issue, however.
Enforcement is a means to ensure that society stays within the rule of law.
Enforcement is a part of that.
Enforcement is a priority.
Enforcement is a problem, too.
Enforcement is a separate issue.
Enforcement is a state of mind as well as a set of skills.
Enforcement is a top priority.
Enforcement is a tough nut to crack, and it is a process.
Enforcement is achieved through the county's franchising process.
Enforcement is achieved through the use of either temporary or permanent signs.
Enforcement is actually a rather lesser problem.
Enforcement is administered following state statutes and local ordinances.
Enforcement is all but impossible in remote areas such as Antarctica.
Enforcement is also a problem in Massachusetts.
Enforcement is also a problem, particularly in the financial sector.
Enforcement is also important.
Enforcement is always an issue.
Enforcement is always at gun point.
Enforcement is always the job of supervisors and managers.
Enforcement is always the most difficulty part of the implementation of any new policy.
Enforcement is an extremely effective tool in diminishing drug use.
Enforcement is an important part of the whole process.
Enforcement is an important requisite for laws to be effective.
Enforcement is an issue that can be misunderstood.
Enforcement is an issue.
Enforcement is another issue.
Enforcement is another key issue.
Enforcement is another matter, of course.
Enforcement is another responsibility of the administrator.
Enforcement is another tool to achieve compliance.
Enforcement is another.
Enforcement is anywhere from spotty to nonexistent.
Enforcement is applied for from the District Bailiff of the municipality where the debtor resides.
Enforcement is at near record highs.
Enforcement is at the local level and left to code officials within the county or municipality.
Enforcement is based on the substance name.
Enforcement is bound to be a problem.
Enforcement is built into the bill.
Enforcement is but a distant reality for present India.
Enforcement is by players using it as a reference site.
Enforcement is carried out at the administrative and judicial level.
Enforcement is carried out through civil lawsuits.
Enforcement is clearly an issue that needs to be carefully considered in any regulatory approach.
Enforcement is complaint based and an informal approach has so far been successful.
Enforcement is complaint-driven.
Enforcement is completed through plan review and inspections.
Enforcement is conducted jointly with county alcoholic beverage commissions.
Enforcement is conducted jointly with local alcoholic beverage boards.
Enforcement is covered under the old policy in the appeals section.
Enforcement is critical to maintaining the integrity of the data.
Enforcement is currently inadequate.
Enforcement is different depending on the bar and some smokers still enjoy lighting up in public.
Enforcement is difficult because islands are remote.
Enforcement is difficult because of the inaccessibility and isolation of much of the habitat.
Enforcement is difficult due to budgetary constraints.
Enforcement is directed at maintaining Order.
Enforcement is done by independent auditing of pest management activity records kept by the grower.
Enforcement is done under state law.
Enforcement is down.
Enforcement is easy when everyone with a gun in the forest is illegal.
Enforcement is embedded in digital media and is automatic.
Enforcement is essential to making anti-truancy laws effective.
Enforcement is everything.
Enforcement is generally an issue outside the purview of the engineering profession.
Enforcement is generally very good.
Enforcement is heavily biased against men, people on low incomes, and Maori.
Enforcement is important.
Enforcement is impossible if the order is too vague.
Enforcement is impossible.
Enforcement is in the federal courts.
Enforcement is inherently a governmental function.
Enforcement is key.
Enforcement is lax.
Enforcement is left to departmental policy.
Enforcement is left to the national regimes of signatories.
Enforcement is left up to local agencies, and offenders can be fined.
Enforcement is likely to be more effective when more consistent information is readily available.
Enforcement is likely to be quite inconsistent from one jurisdiction to the next.
Enforcement is limited and ineffective.
Enforcement is limited and often ineffective.
Enforcement is made by use of the whip.
Enforcement is minimal, and women continue to suffer disadvantages and degradation.
Estate planning is a very complex subject.
Estate planning is a very personal and private matter.
Estate planning is a very sensitive issue.
Estate planning is a way of setting down answers to some of life's critical questions.
Estate planning is also a motivation for the transaction.
Estate planning is also critical.
Estate planning is always tricky.
Estate planning is an area where a little knowledge can be a dangerous thing.
Estate planning is an easy thing to put off.
Estate planning is an important part of decision making in personal and business management.
Estate planning is an ongoing process.
Estate planning is another major issue.
Estate planning is appropriate at any stage of life.
Estate planning is complex and best left to the experts.
Estate planning is concerned only with the conservation of existing assets.
Estate planning is concerned with passing as much of that wealth to heirs at the lowest tax cost.
Estate planning is considered both a right and a responsibility of every individual.
Estate planning is designed to minimize or eliminate litigation involving the client's estate.
Estate planning is done on a flat fee basis and initial consulations are free.
Estate planning is essential to attaining personal financial goals.
Estate planning is for everyone.
Estate planning is important for almost everyone, in today s complex and fast-moving world.
Estate planning is integrated with the financial planning process.
Estate planning is just another form of financial planning.
Estate planning is like trying to load a moving van with the contents from a warehouse.
Estate planning is more important than ever.
Estate planning is much more than simply planning to avoid probate and reduce taxes.
Estate planning is no exception.
Estate planning is no longer the privilege of the wealthy.
Estate planning is one of the main reasons for buying permanent or whole life insurance.
Estate planning is particularly important under our restructured tax laws.
Estate planning is phenomenally expensive to taxpayers and the treasury.
Estate planning is phenomenally expensive.
Estate planning is probably the weakest area of financial profile.
Estate planning is really financial planning over a time horizon of two or more generations.
Estate planning is simply another form of financial planning.
Estate planning is something that needs to be addressed and updated every few years.
Estate planning is sometimes frustrating.
Estate planning is still possible.
Estate planning is the development of a comprehensive plan and involves more than tax planning.
Estate planning is the process of preparing for the orderly transfer of one's property at death.
Estate planning is therefore an important consideration.
Estate planning is time-consuming.
Estate planning is very complex and is subject to changing laws.
Estate planning is very complex and subject to changing laws.
Estate planning means many things to different people.
Estate planning needs consideration as well.
Estate planning requires consideration of the value of the entire estate and gifts prior to death.
Estate planning requires constant upkeep.
Estate planning requires sensitivity to matters other than finance.
Estate planning simplifies things for survivors and can reduce the tax bite.
Estate planning takes a front seat following terrorist attacks.
Most estate planning is performed on a fixed fee basis.
Estate sale find.
Estate sales are a buyer beware situation.
Estate sales are a wonderful source for researchers.
Estate sales are cool because they list everything they have for sale.
Estate sales are some of the best sources of antiques and collectibles.
Estate sales are where others come and loot the deceased for fun and profit.
Estate sales can furnish the collector with a plethora of great material.
Estate sales show the items sold, the buyer's name, and the amount paid for the item.
Most estate sales last two to three days.
An estate tax is a transfer tax
Estate tax is a concern of many farm people.
Estate tax is based on a NET estate.
Estate tax is double taxation - remove it.
Estate tax is imposed by Singapore.
Estate tax is levied on properties owned by the decedent at the time of death.
Estate tax is reduced through claiming a charitable deduction.
Estate tax means federal estate tax, including any interest and penalty thereon.
Estate taxs are taxs.
Estate taxation can even be of value for the very rich.
Estate taxation hurts the economy.
Estate taxation is an increasingly important consideration.
Estate taxation is the term generally applied to taxing of a deceased person's estate.
Estate taxes affect the transfer of small businesses and family farms to surviving family.
Estate taxes are a funny issue.
Estate taxes are a major point of contention between the two parties nationally.
Estate taxes are a mere drop in the bucket, though.
Estate taxes are among the highest levied.
Estate taxes are an important factor, too.
Estate taxes are due nine months from the date of death.
Estate taxes are especially costly to family-run businesses.
Estate taxes are fiscally and economically counterproductive.
Estate taxes are no longer a problem that affect only the very wealth.
Estate taxes are no longer a problem that affect only the very wealthy.
Estate taxes are one reason.
Estate taxes are particularly devastating to family farms and small businesses.
Estate taxes are partly to blame.
Estate taxes are quite similar to corporate taxes.
Estate taxes are taxes on property or money that is inherited.
Estate taxes are the most onerous of federal taxes.
Estate taxes are then due after the second death.
Estate taxes can be quite costly.
Estate taxes can be very high, but apply after a relatively high personal exemption.
Estate taxes can have a huge economic impact.
Estate taxes can mean the loss of treasured family assets.
Estate taxes can take a considerable portion of one s estate at the time of death.
Estate taxes can take a toll on more than just the heirs.
Estate taxes force too many families to sell the farmland to developers just to pay the taxes.
Estate taxes generate less than one percent of federal revenue.
Estate taxes generate less than one percent of federal revenues.
Estate taxes have a negative impact on the economy.
Estate taxes hurt small businesses, women and minorities.
Estate taxes hurt the economy.
Estate taxes make farmland preservation difficult.
Estate taxes play an important role in the U.S. tax system.
An estate is a property
Estate also includes an airstrip.
Estate can manage the account until the beneficiary is of age to receive the benefits.
Estate consists primarily of assets difficult to manage or to transfer.
Estate features house, grounds, gardens, orchard, and vineyard.
Estate includes carriage barn with carriages, children's playhouse, formal gardens.
Estate includes carriage house with carriages, children s playhouse, formal gardens.
Estate is a general term used to describe previously owned.
Estate is correct.
Estate is wheelchair accessible.
Estate isa possession.
Estate means property of a decedent or ward that is subject to administration.
Estate now appeals arguing the trial court erred in so doing.
Estate opens for the season.
Estate passes to the surviving spouse outside of probate.
Estate planning Another consideration for retirement is estate planning.
Estate sues ex-teachers.
Estates are a focus of unwarranted taxation.
Estates are almost always complicated enough to justify such professional services.
Estates are cars.
Estates are classes.
Estates are much less likely to be in the hands of the same owner for generations.
Estates are now less significant in most countries.
Estates are part of states.
Estates are properties.
Estates are real properties.
Estates are the main source.
Estates are welcome.
Estates attract a premium.
Estates boasts of four luxurious suites in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere.
Estates change over time.
Estates escheat, when.
Estates fight aganist other estates.
Estates is the ideal meeting, conference and corporate function destination.
Estates offers only the finest in residential living.
Estates provide a maintenance service, technical advice and project management.
Estates reserve the right to refuse permission.
Estates Take a tour of some of our homes.
Estates therefore are of primary importance, tenures less so.
All estates get the benefit of the exemptions, depending on the date of death.
All estates require proper administration and upholding fiduciary responsibilities.
Every estate is different and requires a different approach.
Many estates also emphasize the name of a special vineyard as a mark of distinction.
Many estates have taxable gifts upon which gift tax was previously paid.
Most estates are never subject to tax, but if estate tax does kick in, it can kick in big.
Most estates are never subject to tax, but if estate tax does take a bite, it can be a big one.
Most estates pass free of federal estate tax.
Some estates comprise only one ED, but most contain more than one.
Some estates still maintain their rubber stand to sustain factory operations and contracts.
Some estates take years of continuous effort to settle.
Some estates take years to settle.
Some estates use lots of new oak.
Estates planning takes many forms and has many purposes.
Esteem affects molting and citricola scale only molts twice per year.
Esteem is honor
Esteem is honor.
Esteem is via performance evaluation.
Esteem isa status.
Esteem presents the typical human desire to be accepted and valued by others.
Estephe wines are full-bodied wines with the same concentrated fruit and famously firm tannins.
Ester hydrolysis occurs in the cytosol.
Ester go to town.
Ester is a chemists word to describe a particular chemical bonding configuration.
Ester is an organic compound
Ester is on the right end.
Ester is organic compounds.
Ester is organic matter.
Ester provides more rapid burndown.
Esters also have an important function in organic synthesis.
Esters also have remarkable applications in everyday life.
Esters are a class of compound that can help to illustrate the correlation between smell and flavor.
Esters are a ubiquitous class of aroma compounds present in many fruits.
Esters are a very important functional group.
Esters are aromas and flavors in the beer that are a byproduct of fermentation.
Esters are compounds formed when carboxylic acids react with alcohols.
Esters are compounds that are sort of like alcohols bonded to acids.
Esters are derived from carboxylic acids.
Esters are named as derivatives of the carboxylic acid from which they are formed.
Esters are organic molecules.
Esters are present in small quantities after distillation, and are also formed during aging.
Esters are the most common functional group.
Esters are usually non-staining and cosmetically easier to work with than other chemical absorbers.
Esters are very common in nature and an important part of Organic chemistry courses.
Esters can also do many reactions.
Esters can also react with amines or ammonia to form amides.
Esters degrade most rapidly.
Esters enolize too , and their enolate ions do the same things that ketone-enolates do.
Esters have a very sweet fruity smell.
Esters have important medical uses.
Esters have two carbon chains separated by an 'ether' oxygen.
Esters react in the presence of an acid or base to give back the alcohol and a salt.
Esters require an organic acid and an alcohol to condense by the elimination of water.
Esters vary from low to high.
Esters vary only in their ability to reduce a steroid's water solubility.
Esters webside .
Esters often have a fruity taste or odor.
Esters usually have a pleasant fruit-like flavor.
Many esters are very fragrant.
Many esters occur naturally and can be derived from a variety of plants.
Some esters also have useful physiological effects.
Some esters have recognizable odors and are used in food flavorings.
Esthetic appreciation begins with the enjoyment of the morning bath.
Esthetic dentistry is always a part of every treatment plan for the patient.
Esthetic interpretation is the construction of an anthropology.
Esthetic materials are for esthetic purposes.
An esthetic is a philosophical theory
Esthetics are equally important.
Esthetics are very important in snow removal.
Esthetics count, but content rules.
An esthetician is a skilled worker
Estheticians administer facial and other skin treatments.
Estheticians are philosophers.
Estheticians are skilled workers.
Estheticians find careers in the luxurious land of salons, spas, and first class hotels.
Estheticians still use violet ray lamps today to eliminate acne.
Some estheticians prefer to apply the mud over cheese cloth to aid in removal.
Estimate fee is waived if service is performed.
Estimate income make two, one high and one low.
Estimate mortality caused by each natural enemy, convert it into k-value.
An estimate is a calculation
Estimates above are for reference only.
Estimates also affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Estimates also indicate that two-thirds of all canker sore sufferers are women.
Estimates also vary widely on the total value of wireless advertising spending in the United States.
Estimates approximate burn time for specific jobs.
Estimates approximate sums and differences.
Estimates are acceptable.
Estimates are accurate, based on the details of the design specification agreed on.
Estimates are also available for the U.S. and regions by age of householder.
Estimates are also available on diskette.
Estimates are always free .
Estimates are always free and special package discounts can be arranged.
Estimates are always free of charge.
Estimates are always free.
Estimates are an integral part of job tickets and their tasks.
Estimates are available - no charge or obligation.
Estimates are available and quotes of complete assignments are cheerfully given.
Estimates are available as well.
Estimates are available at industry sector level, and by type of capital acquisition.
Estimates are available at industry sector level, and by type of stocks held.
Estimates are available at industry sector level.
Estimates are available at the phone number and email address below.
Estimates are available by subprovincial region, farm type and revenue class.
Estimates are available for . . . . .
Estimates are available for the most heavily regulated city, Cambridge.
Estimates are available free of charge for any of our services.
Estimates are available from a number of sources, as discussed below.
Estimates are available on request.
Estimates are available upon request based on the services required.
Estimates are available upon request.
Estimates are available when changes are requested.
Estimates are available.
Estimates are based on the examination of an item and recent auction records of comparable pieces.
Estimates are based on the specifications understood at time of estimate.
Estimates are based on very limited population data and rely on expert opinion only.
Estimates are below.
Estimates are both seasonally adjusted and unadjusted.
Estimates are both unadjusted and seasonally adjusted annual rates.
Estimates are calculations.
Estimates are comparisons between integrals, our method of relating one to another.
Estimates are easy to EM-train.
Estimates are exactly that-estimates.
Estimates are fine.
Estimates are five to seven months.
Estimates are for domestic service only.
Estimates are for full container loads consisting of five line items or less.
Estimates are for standard American design furniture.
Estimates are for stocks and exclude plutonium irradiated in fast breeder and light water reactors.
Estimates are for the civilian non- institutionalized population.
Estimates are for the civilian non institutionalized population.
Estimates are for the past, while projections typically are for future dates.
Estimates are free .
Estimates are free and all of our work is guaranteed.
Estimates are free and arrangements can be made.
Estimates are free and ballpark quotes are often given over the phone.
Estimates are free and competitive.
Estimates are free and fast.
Estimates are free and insurance is part of the package.
Estimates are free and references are available upon request.
Estimates are free of charge and without obligation to have any work done.
Estimates are free of charge so drop by today.
Estimates are free of charge.
Estimates are free, and repair work is warranted for a period of ONE year.
Estimates are free, and results are guaranteed.
Estimates are free, except for any shipping costs.
Estimates are free, except for the shipping cost.
Estimates are free, with no obligation.
Estimates are free.
Estimates are Free.
Estimates are fuzzy, however, on total costs after the course becomes a reality.
Estimates are important both in computation and in measurement.
Estimates are in metric tonnes, full molecular weight basis.
Estimates are in the hundreds of thousands.
Estimates are in the multiple hundreds with lots of little ones.
Estimates are in uninterrupted days.
Estimates are judgment.
Estimates are just that, an estimate.
Estimates are just that, as some lots proved.
Estimates are just that.
Estimates are likely to be only partially funded.
Estimates are likely to increase even further.
Estimates are low worldwide.
Estimates are made based on careful assumptions and known information.
Estimates are many billions of dollars worldwide.
Estimates are more robust for use for relative than absolute comparisons.
Estimates are normal repairs and include parts and labor.
Estimates are on a per acre basis and include value of all land and buildings.
Estimates are only an approximate calculation and are to be treated as such.
Estimates are preliminary and subject to revision.
Estimates are prepared and reviewed by departments and used in budget preparation.
Estimates are respect.
Estimates are speculative.
Estimates are statements.
Estimates are subject to both sampling error and to variability in non-response.
Estimates are subject to change without notice.
Estimates are subject to change.
Estimates are subject to our standard terms and conditions .
Estimates are subject to sampling error and to variability in non response.
Estimates are subject to sampling error and to variability in non-response.
Estimates are subject to surveyor bias and requires training to standardize observer estimates.
Estimates are such as to exclude latency on a network.
Estimates are that a majority of divorce cases involve domestic abuse.
Estimates are that a third of the population now consumes some form of herbal supplement.
Estimates are that more than half of the original wetlands in the United States have been destroyed.
Estimates are that more than half the world's population subsists wholly or partially on rice.
Estimates are that nearly four million persons are smuggled across U.S. borders annually.
Estimates are that one in four Taylor County residents is functionally illiterate.
Estimates are that one in six couples are affected by some degree of infertility.
Estimates are that one in ten falls at work results in permanent invalidity or death.
Estimates are that one in three sound recordings is unauthorized.
Estimates are that one-third of all records maintained by an office are obsolete.
Estimates are that only a few submissions get listed and even then it can take a while.
Estimates are that the crowd swelled to a million the next day.
Estimates are that theft accounts for about one-fifth of all power generated in the country.
Estimates are that there are vast numbers of shipwrecks at the bottom of the seas.
Estimates are that three-fourths of the country are under water.
Estimates are that two years elapse between discovery and use.
Estimates are unreliable due to poor reporting.
Estimates are useful if there are concerns on the project cost or budget limitation.
Estimates are usually only accurate to a factor of three or so.
Estimates are very customizable.
Estimates are very reliable.
Estimates are welcome.
Estimates assume no secondary effects on employment or wages.
Estimates automatically become contracts when the acceptance date is entered.
Estimates based on damaged carcasses range up to one hundred feet.
Estimates based upon small sample sizes are unstable.
Estimates calculated from sample data vary since population units comprising the sample vary.
Estimates call for at least a couple of days of steady water flow.
Estimates call for growth to continue well into the next century.
Estimates call for the second-largest corn crop ever and a record soybean corp.
Estimates can differ from one contractor to another for various reasons.
Estimates change on a daily basis and actual figures are usually greater than the estimates.
Estimates continue to be refined during the project to make sure tasks are on- track.
Estimates cost of each project, materials and man hours.
Estimates cost of repairs to equipment and recommends schedules for shop repairs.
Estimates cover accommodation, food and travel within London.
Estimates cover, in detail, proposed spending for the new fiscal year.
Estimates defect sizes.
Estimates depend on how rape is defined and measured.
Estimates depend on the number and type of courses in which students are enrolled.
Estimates differ markedly between different surveys.
Estimates differ regarding the essential historical reliability of Acts.
Estimates Enter and print detailed estimates and treatment plans.
Estimates error in dynamics.
Estimates exclude ungraded students.
Estimates generally range from two to thirty million.
Estimates generated by the tools are only as good as the input data used.
Estimates give a range of upper, lower and most likely values.
Estimates give rise to analysis.
Estimates given over the telephone and the Internet are difficult for a mover to guarantee.
Estimates have the index remaining virtually unchanged in the third quarter.
Estimates have yet to be made on private property damage.
Estimates help some a bit further.
Estimates help the buyer compare costs between lending institutions.
Estimates improve as n increases.
Estimates indicate a death toll in the neighborhood of fifty thousand.
Estimates indicate considerable promise for real-time path planning.
Estimates indicate Internet gambling to be a multi-billion dollar business and growing.
Estimates indicate more than half of high-school students have thought about suicide.
Estimates indicate that one in every three business software applications was a bogus copy.
Estimates indicate that one in every three business-software applications was a bogus copy.
Estimates indicate that one in ten employees experience a significant personal problem each year.
Estimates indicate that the value of yield lost due to sensor measurement error is small.
Estimates indicate that town size fluctuated greatly through the years.
Estimates indicate their numbers are in decline.
Estimates indicate two-thirds of all businesses pay no taxes at all.
Estimates involve some delicate distinctions and carefully controlled guesswork.
Estimates look professional and are accurate every time.
Estimates made before the page proof stage are rough estimates only.
Estimates needs and orders supplies and equipment.
Estimates now are that half the nation's adult population owns stock.
Estimates now suggest that fewer than one fifth of the population perished.
Exciting events seem to take place on a daily basis.
Many exciting events are on the horizon, get involved.
Many exciting events occur in the backyard habitat.
Many exciting events take place throughout the year.
Exciting excursions are integral to every program.
More exciting features are soon to come.
Exciting films rotate through here for a sensational experience.
Exciting goals connect individuals with a dynamic, vivid vision for student learning.
Exciting goals have energy.
Exciting graphics attract students to the content.
Exciting growth leads to exciting career opportunities.
Exciting ideas can become reality.
Exciting information is on the way.
More exciting information follows.
Exciting initiatives are underway to keep the economy strong and the business climate healthy.
Many exciting internships are available.
Exciting lesbians take turns sucking the sweet little nipples and succulent pussies of each other.
Exciting letters showing new findings are also welcome.
Exciting moments are no longer great oratory or unexpected votes or protests.
Exciting night walk through forest.
Exciting opportunities are available for social, recreational, and cultural interaction.
Exciting opportunities await our students on each and every campus in our school system.
Exciting opportunities await.
Exciting opportunities exist for aggressive sales people.
Exciting opportunities exist with the addition of new tenure-stream positions.
Many exciting opportunities await our students.
Many exciting opportunities exist for artisans and artistic representation at the park.
Many exciting options are available for an extended mission.
Many exciting options exist for groups.
Exciting packaging makes the contents inside seem special and a treat to use.
Exciting performances occur throughtout the year.
Exciting plans are taking shape, new alliances are forming, research breakthroughs are imminent.
Exciting plans are underway for school aged children in summer church school.
Many exciting plans are in place.
Exciting possibilities abound.
Exciting possibilities are in the works.
Exciting possibilities come with being a good sport.
Exciting programs attract excited and committed volunteers.
Exciting programmes can be tailor-made to suit any type of conference.
Many exciting projects have to be carefully evaluated.
Many exciting projects wait in resource-starved limbo.
Exciting prophecies are yet to be fulfilled.
Exciting prospects are likely to result from industrial-scale plant tissue culture.
Exciting prospects loom on the horizon.
Exciting recreation awaits along miles of beautiful ocean beaches and in the countless inland areas.
Exciting renovations are underway throughout the physical plant.
Exciting resources are available to assist in interpreting the fund to the session and congregation.
Exciting results are the most desirable ones, for they often result in publications and patents.
Exciting salads thrive on contrasts in taste, texture and color.
Exciting scenes depict the hunt for prey, and as the cubs grow they join in the action.
Exciting seasons require a well-coordinated effort from volunteers.
Exciting services including an instant guarantee are even possible.
Many exciting sights are also to be found inside the fortress.
Exciting software is what drives transitions.
Exciting software provides interaction with English language structures.
Exciting sports jumping for fun and profit is safe for all ages.
Exciting stories hold the kids' attention.
Exciting studies are currently underway in the fields of cardiology, oncology, neurology and more.
More exciting stuff is on the horizon.
Exciting technology is easy to get very excited about.
Many exciting templates are available here , and more are being contributed by users all the time.
Many exciting templates are available, and more are being contributed by users all the time.
Exciting things are about to be discovered.
Exciting things are about to happen in the world of dictionaries.
Exciting things are afoot in Orange County.
Exciting things are in store.
Exciting things are on the way.
Exciting things can happen when whole churches begin to pray for neighbors.
Exciting things happen during disturbances though.
Exciting things happen there all the time.
Exciting things happen when Friends work together.
Exciting things happen.
Many exciting things are in store in the months to come.
Many exciting things keep the children busy for one week.
Some exciting things are about to happen to CCMag online.
Some exciting things are in the works.
Exciting times are ahead for our students.
Exciting times are ahead for Valve.
Exciting times are ahead.
Exciting times are here.
Exciting times are in the near future as the icy waters turn warm again.
Exciting times are often difficult times.
Exciting times continue to flourish in Troy, Alabama.
Exciting times lay ahead.
Exciting times lie ahead for the band as they look to turning it up yet another notch.
Exciting times lie ahead for the cable broadband industry.
Exciting times lie ahead.
Exciting times mean opportunities.
More exciting topics are in the works.
Exciting truths can be truthful, too.
Exciting visitors come to our school.
Exciting websites serve as a resource for their users.
Exciting whale watching cruises or fresh and salt water fishing are readily available.
Much exciting work remains to be done.
Exciting workshops offer opportunity for professional renewal and replenishment of creative energy.
Most exciting wrecks are from the World War II battles.
An exclamation mark is a punctuation mark
Exclamation marks are punctuation.
Exclamation marks are rare in formal writing.
Exclamation marks are, however, rare in formal writing.
Exclamation marks go inside quotation marks.
Exclamation marks indicate changes from the previous version of the schedule.
An exclamation point is a punctuation mark
Exclamation points add to the effect.
Exclamation points tend to be overused.
An exclamation is an utterance
Exclamation points at the beginning of a line indicate a comment line.
Exclamation points in excess.
Exclamations are complaints.
Exclamations are utterances.
Exclamations show a real propensity for blaming others for one's own incompetence.
Many exclamations begin with how or what.
Exclamatory sentences show excitement or strong feeling and end with exclamation points.
Excluded fees are prepaids.
Excluded population is often out of reach of data gathering.
Excluded services are the patient's responsibility.
Excluded tenants have limited security.
Excluded vehicles are law enforcement, firefighting, rescue, ambulance or emergency vehicles.
Excluded volume is included by allowing only one monomer per site.
Exclusion clauses apply.
Exclusion criteria are the criteria for excluding patients from the study.
Exclusion principles have consequences.
Most exclusion principles have consequences.
Exclusion proceedings accord far lesser rights and remedies to aliens than deportation proceedings.
Exclusion zones are envisaged.
Exclusion zones are placed around dens.
Exclusion appears as prejudice, closed-mindedness, snobbery.
Exclusion asserts judicial independence from the executive branch.
Exclusion can be a powerful defining force.
Exclusion can be a vicious downward spiral.
Exclusion can come about through what the economists call 'bundling'.
Exclusion can kill.
Exclusion clauses form part of the definition of who has the right to enjoy asylum.
Exclusion clauses specify the things that can cause the contract to be canceled.
Exclusion confounds the legitimacy.
Exclusion creates a false reality.
Exclusion creates victims.
Exclusion exists everywhere and creates great suffering in individuals and groups.
Exclusion includes fencing and protection.
Exclusion is a better method to control woodchucks than removal.
Exclusion is a function of the American political culture.
Exclusion is a greater problem for higher functioning children.
Exclusion is a layered phenomenon.
Exclusion is a national pastime.
Exclusion is a primary means of managing pigeon problems.
Exclusion is a situation
Exclusion is also necessary to remove the incentive to disregard the statute.
Exclusion is an admission of failure.
Exclusion is an ideal method to keep magpies from livestock when it is economical to do so.
Exclusion is an important aspect of all mouse control efforts.
Exclusion is an important factor as well as light discipline.
Exclusion is an important rodent control technique.
Exclusion is an important step in reducing the number of nuisance weevils that enter homes.
Exclusion is an important way of limiting the exposure of other commodities to infestation.
Exclusion is another important factor in managing Canada geese.
Exclusion is another method that can be used against armadillos.
Exclusion is another way to keep roaches out of the house.
Exclusion is as important as inclusion.
Exclusion is certainly the most effective, long-term solution.
Exclusion is done by sealing and then painting the wood surfaces well.
Exclusion is important in reducing numbers that get indoors.
Exclusion is interactive and comprehensive.
Exclusion is often the best long term solution to nutria damage.
Exclusion is probably the biggest mistake made when the decision to change has been made.
Exclusion is related to social class, gender and age.
Exclusion is removal of a student from the classroom or school activities.
Exclusion is situations.
Exclusion is the best method of coping with raccoon damage.
Exclusion is the best policy in preventing bats from gaining entrance into buildings.
Exclusion is the best way to keep most animal pests out of the garden.
Exclusion is the first step to prevent all occasional invaders.
Exclusion is the most effective way to alleviate vegetation damage.
Exclusion is the only method of keeping bats out long term.
Exclusion is the precondition for misery, loneliness and trouble.
Exclusion is the rejection of admission of an immigrant trying to enter the country.
Exclusion is the source of some confusion.
Exclusion is the ultimate sanction imposed by schools.
Exclusion is useful for a couple of reasons.
Exclusion is verified by at least three probe systems.
Exclusion is very practical in many cases.
Exclusion isa situation.
Exclusion means reducing cockroach movement and hiding places.
Exclusion means that many of the best players have never gotten off of the bench.
Exclusion negates democracy.
Exclusion occurs when an immigrant tries to enter the country but is rejected at the border.
Exclusion Produce livestock in confinement.
Exclusion promotes lack of cooperation.
Exclusion represents a relatively permanent, long-term solution to the problem.
Exclusion results in success.
Exclusion starts from the moment a group establishes itself and adopts an identity.
Exclusion suggests that no common characteristics are shared.
Exclusion typically involves the use of a high tensile electrified fence.
Exclusion using a one-way door is easy and effective.
Exclusions also apply to homeowners liability insurance.
Exclusions are abuse and damage caused by accidents.
Exclusions are also specific to the particular loss at hand.
Exclusions are imperative in terms of limiting a pain facility's financial risk.
Exclusions are reasonable, reflecting years of loss experience by numerous insurers.
Exclusions are standard in virtually every travel insurance product.
Exclusions are to be read with the insuring agreement and independent of other exclusions.
Exclusions are to blame, too.
Exclusions can also contain wildcards.
Exclusions can eliminate some very important coverages.
Exclusions can include folders, wildcard specifications, and individual files.
Exclusions -Damage caused by misuse, neglect or lack of regular maintenance.
Exclusions do apply.
Exclusions manage to be both overly broad and insufficiently protective at the same time.
Exclusions require no statistical analysis since they are absolute.
Exclusions Required course work includes viewing twelve one-hour television programs.
Exclusions serve as a way to clarify the coverages granted by the policy.
Exclusions There are also certain specific exclusions from the Directive.
Exclusions vary by contract, but there are some generally excluded treatments.
Exclusions vary by policy.
Exclusions always take precedence over inclusions.
Exclusion frequently becomes rejection, in different degrees and fashions.
Exclusion frequently involves physical barriers to pest entry into the greenhouse.
Exclusion often leads to diminished productivity and losses in human potential.
All exclusions count as rides.
Any exclusions are unintentional or at the request of the company.
Most exclusions apply in computing both income taxes and self-employment taxes.
Most exclusions are obvious.
Most exclusions involve conditions which are out of the shipping company's control.
Some exclusion contributes to maintenance.
Some exclusions apply to items such as furnaces and weighing units.
Some exclusions apply, see store for details.
Some exclusions apply, so definitely check the site for details.
Some exclusions apply, subject to billing availability.
Some exclusions apply, where noted.
Some exclusions apply.
Some exclusions do apply and how to access that information is to follow.
Some exclusions do apply.
Exclusionary buffers are quite common in regulations.
Exclusionary clauses are to be strictly construed against the insurer.
Exclusionary environments are handicapping.
Exclusionary habits are hard to break.
Exclusionary medications are anamtadine and anticholinergics.
Exclusionary policies protect employers from having to create a safe workplace.
Exclusionary pressures face gay teens in many other social settings.
Exclusive access causes other open requests to fail.
Exclusive accommodation comprises six queen bedrooms, each with an ensuite bathroom.
Exclusive accommodation is available in The Eisenhower Apartment .
Exclusive accommodation is for the discerning traveler and our attention to detail is unsurpassed.
Exclusive accommodation is for the discerning traveller and our attention to detail is unsurpassed.
Exclusive accommodation is for the discerning traveller and our attention to detail unsurpassed.
Exclusive agents represent only one insurance company.
Exclusive agents sell only one company's insurance products.
Exclusive area designs available.
Exclusive baby wear manufacturers and exporters.
Exclusive banners are available on a limited basis.
Exclusive boutiques line the walkways of breathtaking resorts.
Exclusive campsites are available only to club members in good standing.
Exclusive clubs have benefits.
Exclusive clubs have evolutionary benefits.
Most exclusive clubs have benefits.
Most exclusive clubs have evolutionary benefits.
Exclusive contests are another way to build online interest.
Exclusive contracts are a no-no.
Exclusive copies are negotiable.
Exclusive design allows either mitt to fit either hand.
Exclusive design is perfect for home and gift giving.
Exclusive design makes damaging the spring by winding it backwards impossible.
Exclusive design permits stability and comfort while reducing cheating and lower back discomfort.
Exclusive design prevents milk from backing up into tubing and the pump motor.
Exclusive discounts are available on all carriers.
Exclusive discounts are available to our customers.
Exclusive distribution can be beneficial since no one else can sell the products on the internet.
Exclusive distribution is bad.
Exclusive distributors are available for many countries.
Exclusive Distributors are in place in strategic international cities around the world.
Exclusive features allow wires and cables to be totally hidden.
Exclusive finish makes our fabric extra soft and comfortable.
Exclusive guests enjoy gourmet breakfasts served in the suite or garden patio.
Exclusive heat sink fin design is of extruded aluminum.
Exclusive internet offers available and special purchases for extra value for money.
All exclusive items are under our in-house quality control.
Exclusive jurisdiction means that only a particular court can decide a case.
Exclusive jurisdiction means that only a particular court has authority to decide a case.
Exclusive language is powerful.
Exclusive leads are unheard of in the industry.
Exclusive licenses exist when the right licensed can only be exercised by the licensee.
Exclusive listings are available.
Exclusive Listings View our exclusive listings of properties on the market.
Exclusive lock is required for multiple user team development.
Exclusive love breeds coyness and extreme passion is fickle.
Exclusive menu covers, wine list covers, check presenters, in-room guest directories, blotters, etc.
Exclusive opportunities exist for specific practice areas.
Exclusive organizations are ineligible for funding.
Exclusive ownership is the result of real-life irreversibility.
Exclusive packages cater to golfers, honeymooners and tour groups.
Exclusive pages are available.
Exclusive partnerships are available throughout the United States and in many foreign countries.
Exclusive parties lose.
Exclusive Pics Join Now and see our collection of hidden camera in the bedroom pics.
Exclusive polygons appear in red, inclusive in blue.
Exclusive presence is available in subsections based on availability.
Exclusive products range from patented teen cosmetics, to automotive and housewares.
Exclusive programming enables subscriber networks to be established.
Exclusive representatives are to provide representation for all members of the bargaining unit.
Exclusive resorts can charge in the hundreds.
An exclusive right is a right
Exclusive rights are also in offer.
Exclusive rights have to be agreed separately and require an additional fee on top of the basic fee.
Exclusive screens are the closest to the top.
Exclusive searches find all documents that contain one specific code only .
Exclusive series is available in any design above.
Exclusive service is guaranteed with one of the most respected names in the business.
Exclusive service is provided with all sedan reservations.
Exclusive shops abound with unusual specialty gifts and souvenirs.
Exclusive sponsorship is also available.
Exclusive stores are high volume businesses whose primary function is to sell liquor.
Exclusive stores can sell some related items such as glassware and foods used in drinks.
Exclusive stores sell only liquor and certain related items.
Exclusive team notes Check in for the latest news from across the league's practice fields.
Exclusive technology prevents water hammer and vibration in pipes or water lines.
Exclusive territories are also available.
Exclusive territories are available in selected markets.
Exclusive territories are available.
Exclusive territories are now wide open in the best markets in the country.
Exclusive territory is used to eliminate intrabrand competition.
Exclusive ticket offers for Insiders only.
Exclusive transactions lock affected files for the duration of the transaction.
Exclusive units feature extras such as jetted tubs and heated underground parking.
Exclusive use is Available.
Exclusive use means only for business.
All exclusive work is completely confidential.
An exclusive is a report
Exclusives tuning f r japan.
More Exclusives are on the way.
An excommunication is rejection
Excommunication excludes the unrepentant offender from the church.
Excommunication involves cutting a person off from membership, fellowship, and communion.
Excommunication is a penalty specified in canon law for certain grave offenses.
Excommunication is an antiquated joke.
Excommunication is for heretics and abortionists.
Excommunication is mandatory for murder and almost always required for incest.
Excommunication is never the first choice for the church.
Excommunication is resorted to only in cases of offenses aggravated by persistent impenitence.
Excommunication only lasts one turn.
Excommunications are rejection.
Excoriation is a linear or hollowed-out crusted area caused by scratching, rubbing, or picking.
Excoriation is wound
Excoriations are often linear or angular and associated with haemorrhagic crusts.
An excrement is waste
Excrement Describes the outputs of the breathing and eating functions after processing.
Excrement is a major source of harmful micro-organisms, including bacteria, viruses and parasites.
Excrement is present on the underside of leaves.
Excrement is used for territorial marking, and flung with the tail.
Excrement shoots up out of a toilet and covers a few women in a bathroom stall.
More excrement also is present.
Excrescence is an appendage
Excrescence is growth
Excrescences form upon the skin.
Excrete urea contains water.
Excretion accounts for excretion.
Excretion also takes place in the gut, skin, lungs, sweat glands, breast and salivary glands.
Excretion applies to metabolic waste products that cross a plasma membrane.
Excretion begins with the kidneys.
Excretion cleans up after respiration.
Excretion completes the process of food handling.
Excretion contains substances.
Excretion depends on diets.
Excretion depends on intake.
Excretion follows consumption.
Excretion follows copious consumption.
Excretion follows ingestion.
Excretion forms in intestines.
Excretion has effects.
Excretion includes the disposal of nitrogen-containing waste products.
Excretion involves filtration onto the coelom and reabsorption and secretion in the nephridium.
Excretion involves movement.
Excretion is a consequence of hunger satisfaction.
Excretion is a life process.
Excretion is accomplished by coxal glands and Malpighian tubules.
Excretion is accomplished by Malpighian tubules and a pair of coxal glands.
Excretion is accomplished via a single pair of Malphigian tubules and a pair of maxillary glands.
Excretion is an emblem of our fallen condition, of our guilt.
Excretion is any process which gets rid of unwanted metabolic products.
Excretion is as the glucuronide of artenimol, principally in the faeces and urine.
Excretion is carried out by a pair of nephridia, who empty their contents into the mantle cavity.
Excretion is carried out by a pair of protonephridia.
Excretion is carried out by one special organ in human body called Kidney.
Excretion is carried out by paired nephridia that empty into a duct shared with the gonads.
Excretion is carried out mainly by the kidneys.
Excretion is chiefly by the kidneys through glomerular filtration and tubular secretion.
Excretion is decreased in moderate liver or renal impairment.
Excretion is discharge
Excretion is done by nephridia and feeding by adhesive tentacles called captacula.
Excretion is handled by tubular nephridia, with one pair of nephridia in each segment.
Excretion is important to get rid of the waste products.
Excretion is important to remove harmful waste substances from the blood.
Excretion is made through the rectum and then empties through the anus.
Excretion is mainly renal, with no apparent excretion of unchanged drug.
Excretion is one of the most basic functions of life.
Excretion is performed by Malpighian tubules.
Excretion is slower if the urine is alkaline.
Excretion is the elimination of excess ions, water, and metabolic wastes from the body.
Excretion is the elimination of waste from the body.
Excretion is the expulsion of excess water and wastes.
Excretion is the getting rid of metabolic waste products.
Excretion is the process by which the body rids itself of waste products resulting from metabolism.
Extremism is a product of certainty engorged by hubris.
Extremism is a virtue in space efficient node packing.
Extremism is indeed alien to proper Islamic outlook.
Extremism is no exception.
Extremism takes many forms.
Extremism tends to remain as a natural human trait that takes one foolish form or another.
Extremism ultimately destroys.
Extremism wants to spread, when the race is really a marathon.
Extremism works for politicians - even the insignificant ones.
Extremist feeling is very strong in Russia.
Extremist groups advocate the use of force or intimidation or illegal activities to stop abortion.
Extremist groups are organizations that Espouse supremacist causes.
Extremist Groups try to stop abortion by using force, intimidation, or through illegal activities.
Extremist judges are only the tip of the iceberg.
Extremist politicians are evil.
Many extremist sites target the young.
Extremist violence is a grave threat to Palestinian society.
An extremist is a radical
Extremist sites the world over target younger individuals.
Extremists also dislike farmers because they are property owners.
Extremists are harmful to the process.
Extremists are radicals.
Extremists bent on stopping their opponents are rewarded with gridlock.
Extremists breed no logic.
Extremists can venture lazily forth, Edwardian style, in the two-seater pedallos on the lake.
Extremists command wide support in the streets.
Extremists commit acts of violence in the name of a higher cause.
Extremists do a lot of wishful and fearful thinking.
Extremists have ideologies.
Extremists heavily influence both parties.
Extremists really like the Leader to say things they can use for their own ends.
Extremists terrorise animal lab brokers.
Extremists threaten moderate political leaders.
Extremists trade time in jail to save animals' lives.
Extremists use weapons to kill other human beings.
Some extremists stir up religious passions to gain support for their own agendas.
Some extremists use bombs and fire arms.
An extremity is a body part
Extremities appear small in proportion to body size.
Extremities are adversity.
Extremities are all moveable.
Extremities are normal.
Extremities are part of limbs.
Extremities are regions.
Extremities are sensitive to cold caused by emotional stress.
Extremities are themselves targets, and vulnerable to being struck, locked, twisted, and fractured.
Extremities are warm, moist, without cyanosis or edema.
Extremities become floppy.
Extremities can die from lack of blood flow even though they don t actually freeze.
Extremities cause people to react, and that's when change happens.
Extremities feel cold and clammy.
Extremities have (part) corpi.
Extremities is an adult drama containing explicit language.
Extremities refer to the children's head, neck, arms, and legs.
Extremities show no edema.
Extremities show trophic changes, especially of the nails and Skin.
Extremities tend to be involved to a lesser degree.
Extremity ends up with regretful results.
Extremity is a breeding ground for contradictions.
Extremity is under reconstruction.
Extremity isa body part.
Extremity means hand, elbow, arm below the elbow, foot, knee, and leg below the knee.
Extremity means hand, elbow, arm below the elbow, foot, knee, or leg below the knee.
Extremities usually have flexion.
Any extremity becomes numb, pale or cold after injury.
Extremophilic organisms are bacteria that live under extreme environmental conditions.
Extrernal systems arise when investigating various optimization problems.
Extrication includes patient assessment, treatment and removal of the patient from vehicle.
Extrinsic asthma refers to a respiratory reaction to specific allergens in the environment.
Extrinsic compression is more likely to be a gradual process.
Extrinsic definition is from the point of view of associations.
Extrinsic evidence is admissible in determining the transferor's intent.
Extrinsic evidence is admissible, even though the contract has an integration clause.
Extrinsic evidence is only relevant where an ambiguity is found.
Extrinsic factors are external to the site or application.
Extrinsic factors are factors that originate outside the patient.
Extrinsic factors can involve certain occupational or dietary factors.
Extrinsic factors can result in negative feedback.
Extrinsic factors refine topographic organization into a detailed somatotopic map.
Extrinsic factors relate to the channel gradient and channel roughness.
Extrinsic fraud affects the court itself.
Extrinsic fraud is fraud
Extrinsic goodness is a kind of accidental or contingent property of a thing.
Extrinsic incentives are low.
Extrinsic information is information that exists outside of a packet.
Extrinsic mechanisms involve cell-cell communication.
Extrinsic motivation arises from external rewards and can be influenced through monetary rewards.
Extrinsic motivation can effect a child for life.
Extrinsic motivation comes from outside, money, and awards such as trophies or medals are extrinsic.
Extrinsic motivation has little to do in today s schools.
Extrinsic motivation involves engaging in activity for some external consequence.
Extrinsic motivation is associated with learning made to occur by forces outside the person.
Extrinsic motivation is based on concrete or overt rewards.
Extrinsic motivation is motivation too, but it is short-lived.
Extrinsic motivation is only one idea in a wide range of actions that produce student motivation.
Extrinsic motivation is responsive to rewards delivered by second parties.
Extrinsic motivation is the kind of motivation awards encourage.
Extrinsic motivation refers to motivation to engage in an activity as a means to an end.
Extrinsic motivations are rewards that come from outside our self.
Extrinsic motivators come from the outside.
Extrinsic muscles originate on the axial skeleton and insert on a girdle or limb.
Extrinsic muscles serve to move the tongue about in the oral cavity.
Extrinsic properties depend on the amount of the material.
Extrinsic reinforcement can destroy inner motivation.
Extrinsic reinforcement promotes extrinsic motivation rather than intrinsic motivation.
Extrinsic rewards are material benefits such as salary, benefits, and perceived social status.
Extrinsic rewards can be as varied as prizes, parties, travel awards, even cash.
Extrinsic rewards consist of pay raises, promotions, and other symbols of recognition.
Extrinsic rewards focus on external factors, such as money, toys or candy.
Extrinsic rewards reduce intrinsic interest.
Extrinsic rewards serve a useful purpose in schools.
Some extrinsic rewards are the work schedule, benefits, and time-off.
Extrinsic risk is most mutable and most amenable to nursing research and policy-based intervention.
Extrinsic success is like a candy bar.
Extrinsic values are partly factual, but intrinsic values are independent of facts.
Extrinsic variables are geometric variables such as eclipsing binary systems, and rotating stars.
Extroardinary skill can overcome many sins.
Extropersonal relationships focus on things, or on people as things.
Extropian lawyers stay on the cutting edge of technology in the practice of law.
Extroversion can be a powerful source of renewed optimism.
Extroversion is marked by pronounced engagement with the external world.
Extroversion is sociability
An extrovert is a person
Extroverts are confident, outgoing and seek as much stimulation in as many ways as possible.
Extroverts are gregarious, socially active, and sensation seeking.
Extroverts are more comfortable thinking out loud.
Extroverts are people.
Extroverts are the complete opposite.
Extroverts are the type of people who are outgoing and loud.
Extroverts can pretty easily find their way into our community.
Extroverts do better in high-density communities than do introverts.
Extroverts enjoy being with people, are full of energy, and often experience positive emotions.
Extroverts ESTP Good at on the spot problem solving.
Extroverts generally derive energy from others, while introverts do so from within.
Extroverts have more fun.
Extroverts love parties, especially when they can talk with everyone present.
Extroverts marry introverts.
Extroverts prefer sports like football and rugby because they involve team work and hard work.
Extroverts tend to dominate and persuade.
Extroverts tend to feel comfortable in social situations and tend to be gregarious.
Extroverts think out loud.
Extroverts thrive in a service company, particularly in the marketing and technical support roles.
Extroverts work more outside in and introverts work more inside out.
More extroverted expression is needed.
Extroverted managers are assertive, integrative and collaborative in resolving conflicts.
Extroverted managers believe in an assertive, active and sociable manner.
Extroverted people derive their energy from talking and being with other people.
Extroverted personalities think best in the midst of action.
Extroverted thinkers love to organize others.
Extruded acrylic does have an advantage in edge clarity when laser cut.
Extruded acrylic is forced through a mold.
Extruded acrylic shrinks one way and can expand the other.
Extruded aluminum can be a vital part of any project, no matter the industry or application.
Extruded aluminum comes in a variety of shapes, and is widely available.
Extruded curbs make bikeways difficult to maintain and tend to collect debris.
Extruded designs tend to be contemporary or transitional.
Extruded feeds are more expensive due to the higher manufacturing costs.
Extruded feeds have advantages similar to pelleted feeds including less waste, and easy storage.
Extruded holes guide the upright into the base easily, without cross-threading.
Extruded kibble tends to break into still edible pieces rather than explode into a powder.
Extruded material contains a mixture of mud and angular boulders.
Extruded plastics are the new kid on the block.
Extruded polystyrene is durable, impact resistant and easy to install.
Extruded polystyrene is the most suitable insulation material for earth contact.
Extruded polystyrene looks somewhat like expanded polystyrene.
Extruded product can be solid or hollow.
Extruded tubing is inherently strong due to grain alignment in the material.
Extruded vinyl is also available, and when properly designed vinyl works fine.
Extrusion cooking is the process used to manufacture many common foods and pet foods.
Extrusion die life is long.
Extrusion differs from drawing in that the metal is pushed, rather than pulled under tension.
Extrusion includes several parameters like bevel, color and lighting options.
Extrusion is a common method of processing polymers.
Extrusion is a continuous process in which ceramic powder is heated in a long barrel.
Extrusion is a continuous process used to manufacture plastic products such as tubing or profiles.
Extrusion is a squeeze
Extrusion is a uniquely energy efficient process.
Extrusion is fashioning.
Extrusion is forging.
Extrusion is important in the manufacture of components from metals, ceramics, and plastics.
Extrusion is simply a modern, more efficient way of mixing and cooking foods.
Extrusion is squeezes.
Extrusion is the last step in the recycling process.
Extrusion is the process of forcing a billet through a die opening of the desired product shape.
Extrusion is used to make many popular breakfast cereals.
Extrusion is used to make products such as ceramic pipe, tiles, and brick.
Extrusion leads to better performing thermoelectric materials than does sintering.
Extrusion maximizes the digestibility of feed.
Extrusion objects for advanced but compact modelling.
Extrusion produces an inherently strong finished product.
Extrusion produces thin fibers or heavy pipes or films or food bottles.
Extrusions are also much more convenient than IndexedFaceSet.
Extrusions are dense and nonporous.
Extrusions are high temperature vinyl.
Extrusions have several advantages including the ability to produce stainless and hollow sections.
Extrusions only are available.
Extrusion often follows a hematoma or collection of blood.
Extrusive bodies are lava that is deposited on the surface.
Extrusive domes lie on the south and north slopes of the main vent of the active cone.
Extrusive rock is fine grained.
Extrusive rock is formed when the solidification process occurs at or near the ground surface.
Extrusive rocks are concordant with the sedimentary strata upon which they are deposited.
Extrusive rocks cool above ground and cool in a shorter time than Intrusive rocks below ground.
Extrusive rocks cool quickly on or very near the surface of the earth.
Extrusive rocks cool rapidly because they solidify at Earth's surface.
Extrusive rocks form from magma that reaches the Earth's surface and then cools rapidly.
Extrusive rocks form when magma flows onto the surface of the earth or ocean floor.
Extrusive rocks have crystals that are too small to see without magnification.
Extrusive rocks make it to the surface to form either pyroclastic material or lava flows.
Extrusive salt spreads radially as lobes in the abyssal plain like piedmont glaciers.
Exuberance gets the mood about right.
Exuberance has to be there in the heart.
Exuberance is a joy
Exuberance is beauty.
Exuberance is different from symptoms way beyond average and causing dysfunction in life.
Exuberance is enthusiasm
Exuberance is enthusiasm.
Exuberance is joys.
Exuberance is the key here.
Exuberance is the watchword of the Humanist ethic.
Exuberance quickly becomes gross excess, precipitating a crisis.
Exuberance seems to be the key word here as the band seems simply to delight in playing cool songs.
Exuberance utilizes hair keratin amino acids to help restructure damaged hair.
Exuberance utilizes hair keratin amino acids to helprestructure damaged hair.
Exuberant application can cause it to be drawn into the air intake.
Exuberant friendliness is the order of the day.
Exuberant illustration complements the toe-tapping, rhythmic verse.
Exuberant illustrations enhance the learning.
Exuberant plantings flow freely to soften the garden structure.
An exudate is discharge
Exudate is primarily protein-containing fluid with a relatively low content of inflammatory cells.
Exudate passes through it into the next layer, which is absorptive.
Exudate varies from yellow white to gray white and watery to viscous in consistency.
Exudates also are pale yellow in color but have a cloudy appearance.
Exudates are discharge.
Exudates are the result of fats and proteins leaking out of the permeable vessels along with water.
Exudates contain more leukocytes than blood does.
Exudates form unwanted residues in the retina due to leakage from retinal blood vessels.
An exudation is seepage
Exudation is usually the result of inflammation.
Exudation varies along the root and so efflux varies with time.
Exultation means jubilation.
Exuma residents are out-going and proud of their heritage.
An eye bank is a bank
Eye banks are banks.
Eye banks are institutions that collect test store and distribute corneal tissue.
Eye banks are non-profit organizations.
Eye banks collect eyes for corneal transplantation.
Eye banks concentrate on retrieving tissues used in eye surgery that restores or improves sight.
Most eye banks focus on retrieving corneas.
Most eye cancers are curable, especially if they are detected at an early stage.
Eye care Find out what the problems are and when to call the doctor.
Eye care is a computerised eye testing center.
Eye care is also excellent and affordable.
Eye care is an essential part of one's overall health care.
Eye care is available at eleven satellite clinics .
Eye care is of paramount importance.
Eye care starts as soon as the child is born.
Eye color appears dark, with a word written underneath.
Eye color blends with coat color.
Eye color blends with the coat or is darker.
Eye color can be hazel, green or yellow.
Eye color can be just as varied.
Eye color can guide in the selection of eye makeup as well as clothing.
Eye color changes with age.
Eye color comes from melanin.
Eye color comes in shades of brown.
Eye color corresponds to coat color.
Eye color depends on the color of the iris.
Eye color has no relation to coat color.
Eye color is a common example.
Eye color is a dark brown.
Eye color is a defining characteristic in humans.
Eye color is a great example of how DNA mutations can cause genetic variation.
Eye color is a learned trait.
Eye color is a non metric trait.
Eye color is a trait that changes over time.
Eye color is a trait that happens by chance.
Eye color is also varied and ranges from whitish blue to dark brown.
Eye color is an example.
Eye color is an inherited trait.
Eye color is another frequently debated topic.
Eye color is based on several genetic factor.
Eye color is black.
Eye color is brilliant green preferred, amber cast acceptable.
Eye color is brown or blue, or any combination thereof.
Eye color is brown, ranging from dark to amber.
Eye color is brown, the darker the better.
Eye color is brown, with a very dark pupil.
Eye color is brown, with the darkness of the color varying with the color of the coat.
Eye color is brown.
Eye color is clear and brilliant.
Eye color is clear and dark, in harmony with the coat color.
Eye color is color.
Eye color is controlled by multiple genes.
Eye color is copper to gold, with brilliant orange preferred.
Eye color is dark brown and brown at any coat color.
Eye color is dark brown.
Eye color is dark ruby or black.
Eye color is deep ruby or black.
Eye color is defined by that of the iris.
Eye color is dependent on coat color.
Eye color is described as gooseberry green.
Eye color is determined by the relative member of melanocytes in the stroma.
Eye color is golden to brown preferred, wild gooseberry green accepted.
Eye color is green.
Eye color is hazel.
Eye color is in harmony with that of the color of the dog.
Eye color is influenced by two major genes and several minor genes.
Eye color is mainly a function of the pigment melanin.
Eye color is more complex than long assumed.
Eye color is ochre, more or less dark according to the color of the coat.
Eye color is on an autosomal chromosome.
Eye color is pink to dark red.
Eye color is pink.
Eye color is preferably luminous green, although an amber cast is acceptable.
Eye color is red or ruby.
Eye color is red.
Eye color is related to coat color.
Eye color is ruby or black.
Eye color is the same in both sexes.
Eye color is typically golden, green or copper.
Eye color is unknown.
Eye color is usually brown, but heterochromia also occurs, although considered a cosmetic fault.
Eye color is usually gold, blue, green, gray, brown, or black.
Eye color is usually green or blue, with the rare case of steel grey.
Eye color is usually green or gold.
Eye color ranges from dark brown to amber and corresponds with coat color.
Eye color ranges from dark brown to chestnut.
Eye color ranges from deep brown to amber.
Eye color ranges from gold to copper, the greater depth and brilliance the better.
Eye color ranges from red to orange with black pupils.
Eye color ranges in all shades of yellow and brown.
Eye color tends to be blue or clear gray.
Eye color varies from dark brown to red.
Eye color varies from light golden brown to very dark brown.
Eye color varies.
Eye colors are blue, green or brown.
Eye colors are either brown, blue, or green.
Eye colors are gold, green or hazel.
Eye colors are shades of black, blue, red, yellow, or gray.
Eye colors range from medium to dark brown in black dogs.
Eye colors vary from gold, copper, green and blue.
All eye color is determined by the amount of a single pigment, melanin, in the iris.
Any eye color is permitted, but black eye rims are preferred on white dogs.
Most eye colors look great with earth tones and brown, especially the darker shades.
Eye colour can sometime be slow to develop.
Eye colour is a fiery orange.
Eye colour is a graded character but it can roughly be measured by three categories.
Eye colour is always a beautiful vivid blue.
An eye condition is a condition
Eye conditions are conditions.
Many eye conditions require more pharmaceutical intervention than topical medicine can provide.
Some eye conditions cause general loss across the whole visual field.
Some eye conditions vary with general health.
Eye contact appears to be varied, purposeful, and comfortable.
Eye contact can also intensify the experience between loving partners.
Eye contact can be as potent a link to making connection as any smile.
Eye contact can cause irritation.
Eye contact can cause mild irritation.
Eye contact can cause moderate to high irritation.
Eye contact can cause redness and itching as well as swelling of eye lids.
Eye contact can cause severe burns and permanent damage.
Eye contact can cause severe damage.
Eye contact can cause severe irritation and burns leading to permanent damage.
Eye contact can cause severe irritation and burns.
Eye contact can cause severe irritation or burns.
Eye contact can cause severe irritation, Redness, tearing, and blurred vision.
Eye contact can differ dramatically between countries.
Eye contact can maintain, yield, deny and request communication between people.
Eye contact can result in severe burns.
Eye contact can seem difficult, but it is the most important element of delivery skills.
Eye contact can sometimes enrage an aggressive driver.
Eye contact causes conversations.
Eye contact causes irritation.
Eye contact causes severe damage, including blindness.
Eye contact causes tearing, pain, and blurring.
Eye contact causes temporary irritation.
Eye contact conveys the feeling of direct communication.
Eye contact develops early in children.
Eye contact enhances credibility.
Eye contact facilitates direct communication.
Eye contact forces the recognition of another human being.
Eye contact give provides a feeling of confidence and assurance from teacher.
Eye contact has far broader effects.
Eye contact helps communication.
Eye contact indicates a desire for communication, feedback and friendliness.
Eye contact is a critical form of body language.
Eye contact is a focusing skill and helps any child process instructions.
Eye contact is a good way of bringing a child back to task.
Eye contact is a learned reaction.
Eye contact is a means of communication and also helps to gauge students' reactions.
Eye contact is a powerfully persuasive tool of body language.
Eye contact is also a means of showing dominance.
Eye contact is also an important skill to develop.
Eye contact is also different from culture to culture.
Eye contact is also important.
Eye contact is also key.
Eye contact is also one of the ways order is kept in a wolf pack.
Eye contact is an aid to social interaction.
Fans are located in rooms.
Fans are located in shows.
Fans are located in souths.
Fans are located in sporting events.
Fans are located in stadiums.
Fans are located in stores.
Fans are located in windows.
Fans are loyal but their numbers are small and they are scattered all over the continent.
Fans are momentarily quiet before they create an atmosphere unlike any other in sport.
Fans are more interested in complaining about the product than applauding it.
Fans are more involved and the game happens a lot faster.
Fans are more united in their praise of the historic sections of the new park.
Fans are nearly ideal solar powered loads.
Fans are nervous.
Fans are never surprised.
Fans are no longer poor trash.
Fans are non-stop dancing all night.
Fans are notorious for abusing the copyrights of their fanatic focus.
Fans are now very optimistic about the prognosis.
Fans are often more beneficial than using heaters.
Fans are often the worst.
Fans are on the verge of revolt.
Fans are on their feet, cheering for Vargas.
Fans are optional, but are highly encouraged.
Fans are optional.
Fans are 'out for blood,' charity The battle has begun.
Fans are people.
Fans are popular buys too.
Fans are popular in China because it can get very hot there.
Fans are pumps with forward blading.
Fans are really hungry to hear their new music.
Fans are really no help in the summer months.
Fans are responsible for purchase of tickets to the game.
Fans are restless.
Fans are rivers.
Fans are sceptical of the claim, Then comes the old refrain.
Fans are smart. .
Fans are sneaky.
Fans are so excited that season tickets are already sold out.
Fans are subject to the same penalties and guidelines as defined above for particpants.
Fans are sure to agree it was worth waiting for.
Fans are sure to find what they are looking for.
Fans are sure to see some great baseball.
Fans are the greatest.
Fans are the keepers of the flame, defenders of the faith.
Fans are the key components in the air handling systems of cleanrooms.
Fans are the most fickle people around.
Fans are the most loyal consumers delivered by any form of advertising.
Fans are the only air conditioning in the classrooms.
Fans are the only ones with a conscious decision to make.
Fans are the primary mechanical means of reducing radon gas in a home today.
Fans are the same everywhere.
Fans are the soul of the game.
Fans are the traditional solution, but they are cumbersome and inefficient.
Fans are tired of competitive imbalance.
Fans are too sophisticated in both cities for that to happen.
Fans are turned on and windows are kept open while using cleaners with fumes.
Fans are unhappy with what's going on, and they boo.
Fans are used for cool people.
Fans are used for cooling air.
Fans are used when it's very hot.
Fans are very useful for cooling in the spring and fall when temperatures are more moderate.
Fans are welcome to join in the fun and tour the new facilities.
Fans are welcome to participate in all events.
Fans are welcome to see the players depart the stadium.
Fans are welcome to submit critical essays on the author.
Fans are welcome to tape a gig.
Fans are welcome to utilize concourse areas.
Fans are willing to pay for excellence.
Fans ask that question over and over, whenever their favorite players are injured.
Fans ask their questions by phone or fax, and listeners tune-in in droves.
Fans attending can win great prizes from local companies as well.
Fans attending games in the final season of that ballpark have seven different ticket categories.
Fans attending games play Olympic trivia on the scoreboard.
Fans attending tonight's game receive a baseball card poster.
Fans augment a room s air conditioning.
Fans automatically increase their chances by purchasing multiple tickets and multiple nights.
Fans become free publicists for the movies and artists in which they have a vested interest.
Fans believe yeast repels fleas and supports the immune system.
Fans better make sure tickets are refundable.
Fans blame ownership.
Fans block views because they have no clue where to sit.
Fans blow air and mist onto the cows, and curtains are raised or lowered to block sunlight.
Fans blow directly above the oche.
Fans blow out the dirt, the moss is loosened up and the strands are straightened.
Fans blow the conditioned air through air ducts from the air conditioner to the rooms.
Fans blow the flour into bags.
Fans blowing hot air from the inside out through an open window are better than from the outside in.
Fans boo a gurney as it is brought to the ring.
Fans boo good players, good athletes.
Fans bristle when the unthinkable happens, take a defeat to heart.
Fans build their best paper airplane and fly their plane to the hanger located at center court.
Fans buy into it supporting the kind of unethical behavior that is deemed publically unacceptable.
Fans call it a beacon of truth.
Fans call it the next revolution in home movie viewing.
Fans can access regular position and weather information, editorial content, photos and audio.
Fans can add to the problem by keeping allergens suspended and circulating through the air.
Fans can also attend, unless of course they happen to get sacrificed in the shuffle.
Fans can also be on a ceiling or in the ground.
Fans can also buy Away season tickets on the site.
Fans can also buy individual game tickets as well.
Fans can also cause turmoil.
Fans can also change the designs by moving their mouse and pressing designated keys.
Fans can also chat with players, discuss each night's matchup and offer their opinions.
Fans can also communicate through an online chat room found here.
Fans can also dive deeper behind the scenes to find out more about the creation of the music.
Fans can also enjoy greater savings by buying Teamline access in bulk season ticket packages.
Fans can also expect appearances at some British festivals.
Fans can also find thinks like costuming, hard science, music, and gaming.
Fans can also get info on tickets and buy Rockies gear.
Fans can also get top news stories from their favorite teams and shop for gifts and gear.
Fans can also hear audio drama streamed, or played live, from some radio stations' Web sites.
Fans can also impact the designs by moving their mouse and pressing certain designated keys.
Fans can also keep up with the game live stats .
Fans can also learn the truth about spit tobacco while they watch.
Fans can also listen and vote for their favourite song.
Fans can also listen in to baseball games.
Fans can also make online donations via credit card.
Fans can also participate in contests and giveaways.
Fans can also participate in online chats with featured artists.
Fans can also pay on game day as they board the bus.
Fans can also pose for photos with the riders.
Fans can also register to win prizes the night of the event.
Fans can also see five other pro classes and four street divisions.
Fans can also select video of favorite game plays or players.
Fans can also skate with the team after the game.
Fans can also take part in the events surrounding the stadium.
Fans can also tour the pits and meet the owners and drivers.
Fans can also walk to the diamonds at the other end of the complex to watch players work out.
Fans can always count on an exciting evening when any of the above are performing.
Fans can arrive in Atlanta in time to see the game and spend New Year's weekend in a fantastic city.
Fans can ask Open players questions during live online chats.
Fans can at least begin fantasizing about big-time racing in the Kansas City area.
Fans can be a little more blunt with their questions.
Fans can be a source of relief, but the higher the humidity, the less cooling relief they provide.
Fans can be axial flow or centrifugal.
Fans can be electrically or hydraulically driven.
Fans can be pretty biased.
Fans can be quite rude.
Fans can be useful in warm weather to keep the air circulating.
Fans can be very close to the players and can influence the outcome of the game.
Fans can be winners of some great prizes just sitting in the stands watching the game.
Fans can browse through the music resources, band schedules and club schedules.
Fans can buy a ticket for a certain match and venue and watch whoever ends up playing there.
Fans can buy four tickets for games in each round.
Fans can buy rare magazines, books, videos etc.
Fans can buy that.
Fans can buy the c.d.'s from the stage, internet, and stores.
Fans can buy the latest merchandise from club kit to clothing, videos, books and watches.
Fans can buy tickets to most races online at the various tracks' Web sites or over toll-free lines.
Fans can call in ask the band questions.
Fans can call up archived playlists and information about other users' selections.
Fans can cast their ballots at tonight's game.
Fans can check into a kiosk each time they go to a game.
Fans can check out bios and photos of the world's hottest supermodels.
Fans can check out film info and the latest news and download photos and scripts.
Fans can choose to support the men's team, women's team or both.
Fans can choose up to three payment options.
Fans can choose what they want to analyze and how they want it displayed.
Fans can click here for details .
Fans can contact any of the band members by e-mail, and they nearly always get a response.
Fans can converge and meet one another to form a large deposit called a bajada .
Fans can cry one moment and shake off the tears with their bouncing torsos the next.
Fans can decide which team was best.
Fans can discuss the novels in the forum and chat areas.
Fans can download entire albums and rare recordings in mere seconds.
Fans can download their favorite images, video clips and other files.
Fans can draw their own conclusions until the screen actually reveals the right ruling.
Fans can enjoy a variety of acts under the big top and around the circus grounds.
Fans can enjoy a victory while staying off the court.
Fans can enjoy food prepared on six gas grills and three charcoal girlls.
Fans can enjoy other sporting events as well.
Fans can ensure themselves good seats now by ordering tickets early.
Fans can enter club chat rooms.
Fans can enter the contest and wait on a drawing that determines the five contestants.
Fans can enter the stadium from the subway without venturing outdoors.
Fans can even catch a glimpse the team before the season starts.
Fans can even catch an episode or two in their down time.
Fans can even leave personal ads for each other.
Fans can expect a more mature sound, but with some of the original harmony and melody still present.
Fans can expect good, clean family fun and a wholesome night of baseball.
Fans can expect to hear the first single from that release, Minority, as well as past hits.
Fans can expect to see great entertainment.
Fans can expect to see more visible marketing strategies next year.
Fans can expect to see other familiar faces.
Fans can expect very intense, very heated, very physical contests.
Fans can find in-depth World Series coverage on television, radio, newspapers, and on the Internet.
Fans can find parking in the main stadium lot including numerous handicapped spaces.
Fans can follow and see if they meet their dreams of making it to the big leagues.
Fans can follow both matches, point by point, on the Scoreboard page on the official website.
Fans can follow every game live with official real-time stats gathered courtside.
Fans can follow the games live, or can replay any game in whole or in part.
Fans can follow their favorite teams from the comfort of a sports bar.
Fans can gain access to the paddock and jostle shoulders with their heroes.
Fans can get a good view of the competition anywhere along the course.
Fans can get any game on the Internet.
Fans can get caps, flags, beanie mascots and other merchandise featuring their favorite team's logo.
Fans can get close to the action, with bleachers straddling the first-base line.
Fans can get massages and haircuts in the stands.
Fans can get tips on fundamentals, buy autographed merchandise and participate in scheduled chats.
Fans can get up close to the players as they go through the first full-contact drill of the camp.
Fans can get up to the minute stats for all conference and home games for men and women.
Fans can go to games after work, park their cars and go to dinner after the games.
Fans can guarantee their seat location for the future by buying season tickets right now.
Fans can have their choice.
Fans can have their hand stamped if they wish to exit to smoke.
Fans can have their picture taken with the Cup.
Fans can hear records shattering already.
Fans can hear the quarterback calling signals.
Fans can help lower air conditioning costs.
Fans can help make the higher temperatures comfortable.
Fans can help reduce cooling cost.
Fans can interact with our writers and butt heads with other fans.
Fans can join the chat in progress or submit questions in advance.
Fans can keep track of ball games with info updated within a minute of the action at the stadium.
Fans can listen to all of the men's and women's basketball games live on the web.
Fans can listen to music before they buy.
Fans can literally change the momentum of the game all by themselves by being loud and enthusiastic.
Fans can literally leave Tower City and come right out here. .
Fans can log on to their website and see the scores as they happen.
Fans can look forward to upgraded public restroom facilities and a new area for renting skates.
Fans can mail a check, contribute online, or phone in a donation.
Fans can mail contributions to the musuem with a return envelope for stubs, same as with the quilt.
Fans can make pledges or send donations until the last game of the season.
Fans can meet at MOOs, build websites, exchange e-mail, and post to newsgroups.
Fans can meet the stars, watch crews build the track and choose their seats.
Fans can mill about the food court before, during and after the show.
Fans can mostly likely expect solo releases in the meantime.
Fans can never get enough facts and commentary.
Fans can nominate players for selection, then vote in their own balloting.
Fans can now buy their tickets on the internet before leaving home.
Fans can now experience their ultimate football dreams.
Fans can now play as many of their favourite movie characters.
Fans can offer their questions and comments live in person or via the phone.
Fans can only hope.
Fans can only take so much.
Fans can order official merchandise via secure, online credit card transactions.
Fans can order the game directly through the email.
Fans can order tickets and register for tours online.
Fans can pause for a moment to get a shoeshine or get their sneakers washed.
Fans can pay by check or credit card.
Fans can post messages, trade images and have the opportunity to interact with their peers.
Fans can post their own observations.
Fans can pre-order the set at the band's official website .
Fans can purchase a maximum of six tickets.
Fans can purchase corporate tables or tickets, and enjoy lunch with their favorite players.
Fans can purchase food and beverages throughout the day.
Fans can purchase tickets at the box office or by phone.
Fans can purchase tickets in three ways.
Fans can purchase tickets through a variety of convenient ways.
Fans can put in their two cents on the message board.
Fans can rally around it, too, because pickles are fun.
Fans can rate and discuss the albums as well.
Fans can read original content about the production, the cast and crew, and quotes from the actors.
Fans can read plot summaries, interviews with cast and crew, essays, trivia, and reviews.
Fans can really cool a house in warmer months if set up properly.
Fans can receive one free student ticket for every adult ticket purchased.
Fans can register by sending in a form or through the magazine's website.
Fans can relate more with playing in Seattle than they do in some of the eastern cities.
Fans can relate to the players.
Fans can remix the track and email it to friends, or submit it at the site.
Fans can request a brochure for ordering information.
Fans can request an application for membership.
Fans can request up to four tickets per entry.
Fans can ride tigers on the carousel.
Fans can score their favorite games and maintain their team's stats.
Fans can search by film, director or year, and look at the vast array of images.
Fans can see boats and meet racing teams.
Fans can see both games for one price.
Fans can see inside the park through the open fence along Adams near the fountain.
Fans can share opinions and ideas with other fans from around the world.
Fans can show that pride by wearing their favorite establishment's colors.
Fans can show their support by sporting bullhorns, temporary tattoos and hair decorations.
Fans can show their support of the team by wearing their t-shirts during the game.
Fans can sign up to Join the Renegades guest book list here .
Fans can smell that pretty quickly.
Fans can sometimes be a little frightening, though.
Fans can sort out the rest here.
Fans can stand on it and watch the game.
Fans can star as soap opera characters, suggest story lines and win fabulous prizes.
Fans can submit questions by filling in an online form already available on the site.
Fans can subscribe to the email newsletter.
Fans can take advantage of the existing parking lots and garages.
Fans can take streetcars, trolley buses, rapid transit, commuter trains and ferries to games.
Fans can take turns sitting in the simulator and experience what it is like to race on the big oval.
Fans can talk about the player right away.
Fans can talk about their favorite teams, hockey cards, video games, books, and movies.
Fans can then share songs across the planet with the click of a mouse.
Fans can tour the facilities, and musicians can register for recording sessions.
Fans can track how many games they have attended online.
Fans can truly bring the story to life.
Fans can use either the old or new address and they'll still access our Web site.
Fans can use the displays to select multiple camera angles, instant-replays, and other information.
Fans can visit a web site and use the software to get new music clips and information.
Fans can visit the photo gallery.
Fans can visit there to listen to samples and read reviews.
Fans can volley observations and opinions in chat rooms.
Fans can vote for one player at each position per ballot.
Fans can vote for the best players at each position in Super Bowl history.
Fans can vote on the best performance.
Fans can vote on the current topic and submit fan mail to the warriors.
Fans can vote on the Internet for the top state tournament players of all time.
Fans can vote once a day online.
Fans can vote throughout the week and catch the finals next week.
Fans can watch the bikes they can buy at a dealership compete against each other.
Fans can win some great prizes as while supporting hockey in their community.
Fans can, if they so choose, spend two entire days viewing the process via television.
Fans carry gloves to every big-league park.
Fans check out the Hummer during game day.
Fans cheer for the Bluebirds.
Fans cheer for two reasons.
Fans cheer loudly and sometimes boo loudly.
Fans cheer on their hometown fighter and applaud as the opponent's contender hits the ice.
Fans cheer the batter.
Fans cheer the homecoming court.
Fans cheer with renewed vigor. .
Fans cheer, gasp and groan.
Fans choose meat-alternatives for a variety of reasons.
Fans circulate air and open windows allow a certain flow of air through the room.
Fans circulate and exhaust air and are particularly helpful in holding areas.
Fans claim animal by-products are nutritionally no different than any other type of meat.
Fans clearly like what they see.
Fans click on cell phones, which eminate a green glow that illuminates the field.
Fans cluster in the stands and eagerly compare times on their stopwatches.
Fans collect by the players' tunnel, leaning over, peering, waiting.
Fans collect in the heart shaped cells around the field.
Fans come early and set up camp.
Fans come first.
Fans come for the ballpark and the baseball.
Fans come in a variety of sizes.
Fans come to matches with drums, trumpets and firecrackers and create a riot of noise and colour.
Fans come to see players in their regular baseball uniforms.
Fans come to see the players on the field.
Fans come to see the violence, and then get hooked on the game.
Fans come to the ballgame, and they want to enjoy it.
Fans come to the shows, bless their hearts, they always come.
Fans come with a forward and a reverse setting.
Fans compress the air and injectors add fuel.
Fans concentrate on and pursue their objects for their own sake.
Fans constantly blow kisses, flirt and make propositions the women politely ignore.
Fans contend that racing is no more dangerous than other sports.
Fans continually pack the house at local establishments to witness the entertaining group.
Fans continue to be an art form in modern China.
Fans continue to bear the brunt of obscene salaries being paid to professional athletes.
Fans continue to come to training camp and enjoy seeing the players up close.
Fans continue to pay the price.
Fans continue to wonder why it took so long.
Fans cool off the suite in summer.
Fans cool the air, provide circulation and help dissipate odors.
Fans cool through circulation and ventilation, and use much less electricity than air conditioning.
Fans cost less than air conditioning and use less energy.
Fans cost less to run and use less energy than air conditioners.
Fans cost much less to operate than air conditioners.
Fans couldn t turn around without being bombarded with images from the game.
Fans create banners for their favorite drivers.
Fans create suction to draw wastes into the commode.
Fans creating their own stories using the characters from TV shows probably is as old as TV itself.
Fans criticise the move.
Fans crowd the net at half-time during a local match.
Fans debate their favorite passages and try to divine where the whole thing originated.
Fans definitely bond with players that play in the same place year after year.
Fans delight in transvestites, drunks, pimps, vampires and the walking dead.
Fans desert it and switch their allegiance to winning teams.
Fans deserve it.
Fans deserve live television coverage.
Fans deserve more.
Fans deserve much better.
Fans deserve the freedom, and the artists deserve the right to have their creative voice heard.
Fans deserve to watch talented, dedicated people perform.
Fans deserve to.
Fans dig the freak-out.
Fans do all kinds of things on the Net.
Fans do expect their team to get a big lead and then slowly pull away.
Fans do forget that.
Fans do help sweat evaporate, which gives a cooling effect.
Fans do it out of love for what they're doing.
Fans do it.
Fans do make the difference.
Fans do the wave.
Fans do, too.
Fans dominate the scene.
Fans don t put balls through hoops.
Fans don t yell nasty things at golfers.
Fans draw or design pictures of the universe of their choice, but color it through their own eyes.
Fans drink too much at the ball park and yell at ballplayers.
Fans drive hundreds of miles and spend thousands of dollars to feed their craving for auto racing.
Fans dry the air.
Fans eagerly await their next album sometime in the next year.
Fans eat it up.
Fans enjoy an unobstructed view from each of the theatre seats.
Fans enjoy having a voice in the team issues, and input to club mangement.
Fans enjoy interleague play.
Fans enjoy the opportunity to interact with the events taking place at each of our games.
Fans enjoy the sleuth's dry wit, code of honor, and obstinate nature.
Fans enter in from the North, East or South gates.
Fans even get to keep footballs that end up in the stands except for on kicking plays.
Fans everywhere support the top players of their own countries.
Fans exchange the ball for a t-shirt.
Fans expect a bigger school to do better at football.
Fans expect more to their music now.
Females deposit each egg in a hole under a crescent-shaped cut eaten in the fruit.
Females deposit eggs between the epidermis layers of leaves.
Females deposit eggs in twigs.
Females deposit eggs into dead or dying branches of a food plant.
Females deposit eggs on or inside flower buds or young fruit.
Females deposit eggs on or near the host plants.
Females deposit eggs on the host a few at a time.
Females deposit eggs on the host plants.
Females deposit eggs on the underside of leaves.
Females deposit eggs under the epidermis of the stem.
Females deposit eggs under the skin of peppers.
Females deposit eggs under their helmet-like, brown, black and tan mottled coverings.
Females deposit individual eggs or clusters of eggs in damp locations.
Females deposit large number of eggs near the surface of the water.
Females deposit light green ova either singly or in pairs on hostplant foliage.
Females deposit many small batches of eggs before they die.
Females deposit single eggs on young leaves or leaf buds of the host plants.
Females deposit single, direct-hatching eggs onto the surface of standing water.
Females deposit their clutches in the ground or within logs or debris.
Females deposit their egg capsules outdoors under old logs, stumps and firewood.
Females deposit their eggs in masses or strings, generally on open water.
Females deposit their eggs in protected locations under rocks, logs or tree bark.
Females deposit their eggs in the cottony eggmass produced by female mealybugs.
Females deposit their eggs in the ground, which is where larvae develop to adulthood.
Females deposit their eggs in the sand after mating, higher up the beach in the dunes.
Females deposit their eggs in the water on aquatic plants.
Females deposit their eggs in thick patches of annuals and grasses.
Females deposit their eggs into cocoon-like structures known as eggs sacs.
Females deposit their orange or yellow eggs in clusters.
Females desire large males and the size of the male determines the volume of the call.
Females determine sex.
Females determine the male courtship rates using sounds that are produced during signal jumps.
Females develop a dark brown ovipositor prior to egg laying.
Females develop a ring-shaped light organ around the mouth.
Females develop an external egg mass, or sponge, beneath their aprons.
Females develop as early an interest in science as males is good news.
Females develop inside the pupal case within the bag where the eggs are laid.
Females develop psoriatic arthritis slightly more commonly than males.
Females develop the same long green ovaries as kuhlis do.
Females develop their own traits in response.
Females develop through three instars and males develop through five.
Females die about four days after they cease to produce young.
Females die after laying all their eggs.
Females die after laying their eggs.
Females die before midsummer.
Females die immediately after spawning, at the age of three years.
Females die shortly after depositing eggs.
Females die shortly after the eggs hatch.
Females die soon after depositing their eggs in protected habitats on the ground.
Females differ from males in having greatly reduced eyes and vestigial wings.
Females dig dens in snowdrifts to protect their cubs from the harsh winter temperatures.
Females dig into the soil with the tip of the abdomen to lay eggs.
Females dig nest holes with their hind legs for laying eggs.
Females dig several nests to lay their eggs.
Females dig their tails into the sand to lay eggs, which are then fertilized by several males.
Females dig tunnels underneath fresh piles of dung where they mate and lay their eggs.
Females discharge a pheromone detected by the antennae of the males.
Females disperse shorter distances, settling closer to their birth range.
Females display a stronger preference for mating with bigger males.
Females display a stronger preference in mating with bigger males.
Females display estrus with large anogenital swellings.
Females display higher levels than males.
Females display more aggressive behavior than males.
Females display prominent estrus swelling.
Females do almost all of the nest construction.
Females do den up so they can have their cubs.
Females do indeed have a right to be treated with dignity and respect.
Females do look more into facial expressions and their related emotions.
Females do more than males especially in primates since they do gestation and lactation.
Females do most of our hunting.
Females do most of the caring and socializing of the young.
Females do most of the grooming in the group.
Females do most of the hunting.
Females do most of the nest building and generally display more frequently than males.
Females do much more poorly after stress, while males do much better in terms of new learning.
Females do nor hover but crawl up vegetation and take flight through the swarm of hovering males.
Females do occasionally die during the birthing process or suffer expensive medical complications.
Females do require more forethought for obvious reasons.
Females do their flashing closer to the ground, usually while hanging out in bushes or grass.
Females do, however, often exhibit 'lekking' or defending small patches within a common area.
Females does sit quietly during courtship from male, which dips, dances and buzzes.
Females dominate the social hierarchy and are larger than males.
Females drab but colorful.
Females drink blood so they can get protein to develop their eggs.
Females drink less frequently than males.
Females drive away other females while males try to get rid off other males.
Females drive away other females, while males try to ward off other males.
Females drop off the host in the fall to continue the cycle.
Females drop off their host in spring and lay their eggs in the leaf litter.
Females drop their eggs by washing the tip of the abdomen just below the water's surface.
Females drum their legs against the plant, which releases plant juices.
Females earn rank in the group through childbirth and by bonding with the higher ranking females.
Females eat bigger birds like thrushes and starlings .
Females eat bigger birds like thrushes and starlings.
Females eat blood before they lay eggs.
Females eat more in preparation for laying eggs.
Females eat more insects and males more meat.
Females eat more insects when nursing offspring as their protein requirements increase.
Females eat more krill while males tend to eat more fish.
Females eat more squid, Loligo sanpaulensis , than males.
Females emerge and immediately fly up and down over the stream just a few feet above the surface.
Females emerge and mate and require one or more blood meals in order to mature eggs.
Females emerge around bloom to lay eggs on fruit.
Females emerge from the pupal case but remain in the larval bag.
Females emerge later than males.
Females emerge singly about a week later.
Females emigrate to new groups.
Females emit a distinct series of high-pitched whistles to advertise their receptivity.
Females emit a loud quack, while the male's call is more of a muttering.
Females emit a potent sex attractant which lures the male moths.
Females emit a screeching sound during the breeding season and to call fawns.
Females emit a special sound to indicate that they are fertile.
Females encapsulate hundreds of eggs in a sheath that is made of many layers of protein .
Females encase their eggs in a silken cocoon.
Females end up with more, males with less.
Females enforce their co-dominant status by mutual support when status is threatened.
Females engage in mutual genital rubbing.
Females engaging in extra-pair copulations obtain no direct benefits from the cuckolderer.
Females enter estrus every three to nine weeks and are receptive for three to six days.
Females enter estrus just a few hours after giving birth and soon mate again.
Females enter estrus only once per year and raise one litter per year.
Females enter estrus, or heat, several times a year.
Females enter the lek on their first day of estrus and mate with one or more males.
Females especially prize the latter for oviposition.
Females establish a dominance hierarchy.
Females evaluate the tail shaking behavior as part of selecting their mate.
Females even gather in flocks to aggressively compete for each single male.
Females eventually drop an egg case which remains on the pool bottom after the pool dries.
Females eventually mature reproductively, settle and begin egg deposition.
Females excavate a nest above the high- tide line with their flippers.
Females excavate an egg gallery under the bark, running parallel to the wood grain.
Females excrete estrogen in their fecal matter.
Females exercise some choice in their mates.
Females exert directional selection on dominant frequency.
Females exhibit a pronounced sexual swelling during ovulation.
Females exhibit a rejection posture when a male attempts copulation.
Females exhibit monthly genital swelling.
Females exhibit none of the bright coloration of the male.
Females exhibit significantly longer elimination half-lives than males.
Females exhibit signs of heat.
Females expect to spend less than males on content in the next year.
Females experience a long post-reproductive phase similar to menopause.
Females experience an average life expectancy about six years longer than males.
Females experience oestrous cycle, during which their body prepares itself for pregnancy.
Females extend a scent gland from the posterior of the abdomen to lure in the night flying males.
Females exude a gelatinous matrix that serves to protect the nematode eggs.
Females fall and roll to throw off males if they are unreceptive.
Females favor males that sing longer, more complex songs.
Females favor succulent leaves and young shoots for egg laying.
Females feed about three or four times in their adult lives.
Females feed for an extra week to put on the fat necessary to produce eggs.
Females feed higher in the trees and eat more leaves than males.
Females feed in the morning and early evening.
Females feed mostly on mammals and sometimes on birds.
Females feed on a sugar source, mate, feed on blood, and eventually lay eggs.
Females feed on blood only to obtain protein for egg production.
Females feed on developing and emerged bees.
Females feed primarily on birds.
Females feed readily on mammals, amphibians and reptiles, with birds being somewhat less attractive.
Females feed the young and stay at or near the nest until the downy youngsters feather out.
Females feel more delicate when being held while the males feel heavier and more muscular.
Females fight for beach space or cover themselves with sand and nurse their young.
Females fight for space and resources and males fight for reproductive access.
Females fight less than males.
Females fight less with friends and more with family members and dates than male students.
Females fight with females, males fight with males.
Females figure only peripherally, usually as subservient appendages of potent men.
Females fill the majority of the senior positions.
Females find a suitable site, usually with dry soil, sparse vegetation and a southern exposure.
Females find dominance and power preferable in a man.
Females find iridescent feathers attractive.
Females find it attractive, and other males are repelled.
Females find nest sites and build nests out of strips of bark, cobwebs, and saliva.
Females first breed in their second year.
Females first breed when they're one year old.
Females flare too but as aggresive.
Females flick their tongues at males to solicit mating.
Females fly above the swarms and are spotted by the males swarming below.
Females fly into fields at night to lay their eggs.
Females fly into soybeans in small numbers and begin dispersed colonies.
Females fly on the surface of the water, dip the abdomen onto the surface and lay the eggs.
Females fly through the swarm and are grabbed by males out of the air.
Females fly to the same spot one after another to add their ova, to make batches of great numbers.
Females follow a week or two later.
Females follow in about two weeks.
Females follow, maturing at four to five years of age.
Females form a flat, slightly rounded cone with rich golden tones.
Females form family groups while males form bachelor herds.
Females form herds of their own with juveniles of both sexes.
Females form herds that include their young and other cows.
Females form large nursery colonies in buildings or caves.
Females form maternity colonies in summer, preferring tunnels and caves.
Females form maternity colonies of up to several hundred individuals which disperse in the fall.
Females form maternity colonies.
Females form maternity roosts in rock crevices and caves, and leave young hanging while they forage.
Females form small breeding colonies of only a few individuals.
Females form stable core, males migrate.
Females form the core and are friendly to each other, sharing baby care.
Females form the core of the group and defend the territory.
Females form the core of the group, and defend the territory.
Females form the core, led by a dominant female.
Females form the stable core and have a clear stable hierarchy.
Females form the stable core of the troop, all males emigrate to other troops when mature.
Females freely change membership among the harems, and males are kicked once they reach adolescence.
Females function more efficiently in endurance events than do performance-matched males.
Females gain sexual maturity at three and males at two.
Females gather food and protect their babies against predators.
Females gather in nursery colonies in attics, barns, and tree cavities.
Females generally are brachypterous.
Females generally are larger than males.
Females generally are looser in body motion and more relaxed over all.
Females generally are smaller than males.
Females generally arrive several days to a week later.
Females generally assist the male to care for the last brood of the season.
Females generally become drunk faster than males.
Females generally begin to incubate the day the last egg is laid.
Females generally build the nest and incubate the young.
Females generally choose the mate.
Females generally emerge earlier than males.
Females generally give birth by age ten to eleven in captivity and thirteen to fifteen in the wild.
Females generally give birth once a year.
Females generally give birth to a single calf every three to five years.
Females generally give birth to one calf at a time.
Females generally give birth to only three or four surviving young during their reproductive life.
Females generally guard the nests until the eggs have hatched.
Females generally have a higher voice than the males.
Females generally have a lower pitched voice than males.
Females generally have a milder hearing loss than their male relatives if they have one at all.
Females generally have four mammae.
Females generally have greater flexibility than males.
Females generally have one calf about every two years.
Females generally have paler markings than males.
Females generally have several litters per year.
Females generally have smaller home ranges than males.
Females generally incubate the eggs for greater proportions of the time than do males.
Females generally live longer than males.
Females generally mate first time as yearlings.
Females generally migrate earlier.
Females generally play no part in caring for the chicks.
Females generally remain in the same social order.
Females generally reproduce every two years.
Females generally reproduce in their second year.
Females generally spend less time using their computers for work than do males.
Females generally weight between forty and fifty pounds.
Females generate dollars on dairy farms, so their importance is assured.
Females get an all area lift ticket, group lesson, ski or snowboard rental, lunch and snowtubing.
Females get better at digging, covering, and camouflaging nests over time.
Females get first pickings and are often found foraging for very new leaves.
Females get half of their mother's chromosomes, but all of their fathers chromosomes.
Females get much bigger than males.
Females get preferential treatment.
Females get the hiccups only one-quarter as often as males do.
Females get three times as large as males, which are little larger than a person's hand.
Females get to respond.
Females give a dry rattle, males a slower rolling note.
Females give birth about every five years.
Females give birth at different times of the year depending on where they are found .
Females give birth at different times of the year depending on where they are found.
Females give birth during hibernation.
Females give birth during the spring and summer.
Females give birth every four to five years and their gestation period is eight to nine months.
Females give birth every four to twenty years, and care for the calves for more than a decade.
Females give birth every other year.
Females give birth every two to three years to one calf.
Females give birth every two to three years.
Females give birth in a burrow, bearing two to three young after a five-week pregnancy.
Females give birth in a protected spot in either the grass or the brush.
Females give birth in an isolated area away from the group.
Females give birth in burrows abandoned by aardvarks or porcupines .
Females give birth in nests that are made in the hollow of a tree.
Females give birth in the spring and late summer.
Females give birth in the spring and summer, typically to one to four young.
Females give birth in the spring.
Females give birth in their burrows and young remain underground for several weeks as they mature.
Females give birth in thick cover, and calves remain hidden for the first three to four months.
Females give birth in well protected areas such as a dense thorn thicket or hollow tree.
Females give birth on land, ice, or shallow water so that the pups can breathe.
Females give birth once a year to a single offspring after a gestation period of about six months.
Females give birth once a year, usually to one or two fawns.
Females give birth only about two weeks after mating.
Females give birth standing up and nurse the young for two months.
Females give birth standing upright.
Females give birth through their penis-like clitoris.
Females give birth to a litter of one to six young.
Females give birth to a single baby after a gestation period of about six months.
Females give birth to a single baby.
Females give birth to a single calf after about a years gestation.
Females give birth to a single calf either on land or in the water.
Females give birth to a single calf in tropical or subtropical waters in winter.
Females give birth to a single calf once every two to four years.
Females give birth to a single calf once every two to three years.
Females give birth to a single calf under normal conditions.
Females give birth to a single infant which is carried by the male a good part of the time.
Females give birth to a single pup every year on the pack ice.
Females give birth to a single pup which is fed on thick, rich milk.
Females give birth to a single pup.
Females give birth to a single young after a gestation period around six months.
Females give birth to a single young after a gestation period of about seven months.
Females give birth to a single young approximately two days after arrival on shore.
Females give birth to a single young that weighs just over a kilogram.
Females give birth to a single young, and ocassionally two can be produced.
Females give birth to a single young.
Females give birth to a single, precocial offspring.
Females give birth to about one baby a year.
Females give birth to an average of six young per litter with two litters per year being the norm.
Females give birth to approximately.
Females give birth to calves about once every two or three years.
Females give birth to calves every two to three years.
Females give birth to calves in shallow water.
Females give birth to cubs every other year if food sources are sufficiently plentiful.
Females give birth to just a single infant every two years.
Females give birth to litters of two to five babies.
Females give birth to live female nymphs.
Females give birth to live female young.
Females give birth to live young and multiply rapidly.
Females give birth to live young in the late summer or fall.
Females give birth to live young on a shallow pile of white waxy secretions.
Females give birth to live young, which they carry around on their backs.
Females give birth to living young.
Females give birth to one and sometimes two young.
Females give birth to one baby at a time.
Females give birth to one baby.
Females give birth to one calf after a nine-month pregnancy.
Females give birth to one calf after about nine months.
Females give birth to one calf every two or three years.
Females give birth to one litter per year, in spring or early summer.
Females give birth to one or two young ones.
Females give birth to one pup after a gestation period of six to eight months.
Females give birth to one pup on land in the spring or summer.
Females give birth to one pup yearly on pack ice, away from the edges of ice floes.
Females give birth to one to five cubs after a gestation of about three and a half months.
Females give birth to one to four kittens.
Females give birth to one to three cubs, usually two.
Females give birth to one young per breeding season.
Females give birth to one, occasionally two, large babies, after a pregnancy of six to seven months.
Females give birth to only one baby at a time after a three-month gestation.
Females give birth to only one bat during each reproduction cycle.
Females give birth to only one pup each year.
Females give birth to several litters a year, each litter containing from one to eight young.
Females give birth to single calves every two to three years on average.
Females give birth to six pups at a time.
Females give birth to their young in tree cavities.
Females give birth to twins in the spring.
Females give birth to two or three cubs, which they raise and train for about two years.
Females give birth to two to five pups after each gestation period.
Females give birth to two to four young each year in one of the group's burrows.
Females give birth to two to three young.
Females give birth to young while they hang from tree limbs by their hooklike claws.
Females give birth two months later to a litter of pups.
Females give birth two or three times a year.
Females give birth, on average, only once every eight years.
Females give birth.
Females give booming rallying calls, very loud 'pyows' and alarm hacks.
Females give live birth after ll weeks of gestation.
Females give live birth to an average of ten young in the late summer months.
Females give live birth to the pups on land.
Females give off an oder that males pick up when they are ready to mate.
Females give toad-like croaks when on the move.
Females glue their eggs to coarse sand or fine gravel as males swim through, fertilizing the eggs.
Females go for independent types who are confident.
Females go for quality rather than quantity.
Females go from .
Females go into estrus up to nine times a year.
Females go into their estrus, or heat cycle, for four to six days at a time.
Females go off on their own to give birth.
Females go the great lengths to protect their young.
Females go through a hazing process with the older females.
Females go through three growth stages prior to reaching maturity while the male goes through five.
Females go to a tree with their infant.
Females go to horses only to lay their eggs.
Females groom most often with the members of their immediate family.
Females grow a little faster than the male and probably live longer than the males.
Females grow as much as three faster than males.
Females grow at a slightly faster rate than males.
Females grow faster and attain larger sizes than do males.
Females grow faster and larger than males.
Females grow faster and live longer and thus are better for stocking.
Females grow faster and live longer than males.
Females grow faster and reach a greater ultimate size than males.
Females grow faster than males and often have greater potential of becoming much larger.
Females grow larger and have a more rounded body.
Females grow larger and live longer than males.
Females grow larger than males .
Females grow larger than males.
Females grow larger, and, beginning at maturation, tend to be longer at a given age.
Females grow more quickly than males.
Females grow more rapidly and attain a larger maximum size than males.
Females grow more rapidly than males.
Females grow much larger than males, and are silent.
Females grow much larger than the males.
Females grow significantly larger than males.
Females grow slightly faster and probably live longer than males.
Females grow slightly larger than males and display more variation in weight.
Females grow slightly larger than males.
Females grow smaller and fewer bristles.
Females grow to about one inch, while males grow to about half an inch.
Females grow to about three feet.
Females grow up to a foot long with males half as big.
Females guard the eggs.
Females guard the nest.
Financial aid is used only to supplement the effort of the family.
Financial aid is used primarily for recruitment purposes.
Financial aid is used to first pay off all tuition and fees.
Financial aid is usually a combination of fellowship money and assistantships.
Financial aid is usually a more direct and efficient way of providing budgetary support.
Financial aid is usually applicable to study abroad costs.
Financial aid is usually applicable.
Financial aid is usually available for four years, conditional on satisfactory academic progress.
Financial aid is usually available to all students accepted into the program.
Financial aid is usually available to help with expenses during graduate school in chemistry.
Financial aid is usually available.
Financial aid is usually in the form of part-time teaching assistantships.
Financial aid is very competitive for first year applicants.
Financial aid is very competitive.
Financial aid is very limited for international students who want to study in the United States.
Financial aid is very limited.
Financial aid is where the action is.
Financial Aid Learn about summer eligibility and options.
Financial Aid Learn about the types of financial aid available and the application process.
Financial aid looks good.
Financial aid lowers the net cost of attendance and increases the probability of persistence.
Financial aid makes a college education accessible for almost everyone.
Financial aid makes final decisions depending on the candidate's financial aid status.
Financial aid means different things to different people.
Financial aid offered for a particular term applies only for that term.
Financial aid pays for books and other expenses.
Financial aid planning for college is often more important than tax planning.
Financial aid plays a critical role toward that end.
Financial aid provides choice, access and persistence.
Financial aid provides funding for some students whose families' resources fall short of the cost.
Financial aid providing tuition and living expenses is offered to all accepted students.
Financial aid received is applied to the current fees due on the student account.
Financial aid received is included in determining the amount owed.
Financial aid related job postings, conference announcements, etc. are also welcome.
Financial aid remains a critical issue.
Financial aid requires full-time hours to provide max help.
Financial Aid See our financial aid page for more information.
Financial aid See our financial aid page.
Financial Aid See separate information for details.
Financial aid takes many forms.
Financial aid think tank report.
Financial aid tries to equalize the different costs among schools.
All financial aid falls into three categories.
All financial aid granted is based on the availability of funds.
All financial aid is applicable to the program.
All financial aid is applicable.
All financial aid is awarded by academic year.
All financial aid is awarded competitively on the basis of completed applications.
All financial aid is awarded for an academic year period only.
All financial aid is awarded for one academic year.
All financial aid is awarded on an annual basis.
All financial aid is awarded to students without regard to race, sex, or age.
All financial aid is based on academic merit and is highly competitive.
All financial aid is based on an eight month academic year.
All financial aid is committed for the entire year.
All financial aid is contingent on available funds and current regulations governing eligibility.
All financial aid is contingent on the availability of funds.
All financial aid is contingent upon maintaining at least a B average in all course work.
All financial aid is credited by semester.
All financial aid is credited directly to the student account.
All financial aid is disbursed into the student account system and then refunded to the students.
All financial aid is distributed for autumn quarter admission.
All financial aid is easily divisible into three basic categories.
All financial aid is granted for a maximum of one year.
All financial aid is granted for no more than a nine month academic period.
All financial aid is in the form of scholarships.
All financial aid is internal and comes from within the church.
All financial aid is packaged for one academic year at a time.
All financial aid is paid in two equal disbursements.
All financial aid is to assist with educational costs.
All financial aid reduces the amount of the monthly payment.
Any financial aid is credited to the account on the same basis.
Many financial aid offers require service as a teaching assistant.
Most financial aid applies to program costs.
Most financial aid comes from the government or from schools.
Most financial aid comes from the government or from the schools themselves.
Most financial aid comes from the state and federal government and higher education institutions.
Most financial aid comes in the form of educational loans.
Most financial aid comes in the form of grants and scholarships or low-interest loans.
Most financial aid falls into four categories.
Most financial aid given to law students, though, comes in the form of loans.
Most financial aid is available in the form of graduate teaching and research assistantships.
Most financial aid is awarded for a specific period, usually a semester or an academic year.
Most financial aid is awarded in the form of teaching assistantships and research assistantships.
Most financial aid is awarded on the basis of merit at the time of admission.
Most financial aid is for local or resident students.
Most financial aid is given in the form of teaching assistantships to qualified new students.
Most financial aid requires full-time enrollment.
Some financial aid is also available from the sociology department.
Some financial aid is also available, both as scholarships and for work in the department.
Some financial aid is available commencing in the spring semester.
Some financial aid is available for college credit students.
Some financial aid is available for individuals who are paying privately.
Some financial aid is available for international students.
Some financial aid is available for qualified candidates.
Some financial aid is available in the form of teaching assistantships and tuition fellowships.
Some financial aid is available to qualified masters students.
Some financial aid is available to regular applicants.
Some financial aid is available to students in the cohort programs.
Some financial aid is available, as well as a small number of merit scholarships.
Some financial aid is available.
Some financial aid is merit based.
Some financial aid is now available.
Financial aide is available.
Financial Alerts Find out what hot stories are moving stocks in todays market.
Financial analyses include income statements.
Financial analyses include statements.
Financial analysis involves working with data in order to evaluate investments or financing sources.
Financial analysis is a critical component to the whole data gathering activity.
Financial analysis is built in and is fully automated.
Financial analysis is really the hard one.
Financial analysis leads to three realistic options.
Financial analysis requires an evaluation of the firm, the firm's industry, and the economy.
Financial analysis shows that our revenues are also up for the year.
Some financial analysis uses forward looking earnings rather than the accounting earnings.
A financial analyst is an analyst
Financial analysts are analysts.
Financial analysts are business people.
Financial analysts focus on details.
Financial analysts have said the plant closure is more than necessary, it is overdue.
Financial analysts like to compare the market to a herd that has tremendous inertia.
Financial analysts point to insufficient planning as the primary cause.
Financial analysts say that a number of Liberian companies, for instance, are run from Switzerland.
Financial analysts say that paying down a mortgage early is similar to investing.
Financial analysts say yes.
Financial analysts use a two-step process to arrive at the value of a business.
Financial analysts work long hours, and deadlines are strict.
Some financial analysts warn that the five conglomerates are already ailing from cashflow problems.
Financial appraisal has several purposes.
Financial arrangements are also a concern.
Financial arrangements are available in emergencies only, and subject to a finance charge.
Financial arrangements are available.
Financial arrangements are competitive with other similar institutions.
Financial arrangements are negotiable.
Financial arrangements are strictly between the student and the tutor.
Financial arrangements are the responsibility of the student and the internship site.
Financial arrangements are to be negotiated directly between patrons and their proxy researchers.
Financial arrangements are up to the parties involved.
Financial arrangements can include bulk book purchases.
Financial Arrangements Make sure all financial arrangements have been made.
Financial arrangements vary as much as car models themselves.
Financial arrangements vary depending on the agency, location and responsibilities.
Financial arrangements vary with each site.
All financial arrangements are strictly between the two parties.
All financial arrangements are the student's responsibility.
Financial aspects are one con of screening.
Financial aspects raised by providers are still under review by UBH and providers.
Financial assets are a claim on the earning power of some entity.
Financial assets are a major example.
Financial assets are assets.
Financial assets are at the heart of all criminal enterprise.
Financial assets are instruments or agreements to pay and be paid back.
Financial assets are stocks, bonds, mutual funds etc.
Financial assets have no intrinsic value.
Financial assets is the one denominator that generates wealth faster than any other.
Financial assets represent the other main category of investment assets.
Financial assets studied include common stock, preferred stock, and fixed income securities.
Every financial asset is bought or sold at a certain price.
Financial assistance can come in a variety of forms.
Financial assistance can come in the form of either a loan, grant or combination of both.
Financial assistance can consist of a grant, loan, or both.
Financial assistance comes in two different packages.
Financial assistance coming from government, at any level, comes from taxes or from borrowed money.
Financial assistance consists of loans, grants and scholarships.
Financial assistance consists of scholarships, grants, loans and employment.
Financial assistance consists of scholarships, grants, loans, and employment.
Financial assistance demeans the relationship.
Financial Assistance Determine the cost and explore sources of financing.
Financial assistance encourages economic, geographic, cultural, and racial diversity.
Financial assistance exists in several forms.
Financial Assistance Finding the money to pay for postgraduate studies is often a serious problem.
Financial assistance granted is to be used for legitimate educational purposes.
Financial assistance granted is to be used only for legitimate educational purposes.
Financial assistance granted is to be used solely for legitimate educational purposes.
Financial assistance granted to a student is to be used for legitimate educational purposes.
Financial assistance helps ensure everyone belongs.
Financial assistance helps to offset the higher cost of some programs.
Financial Assistance Identify appropriate financial resources.
Financial assistance includes full tuition, health insurance, student fees, and an annual stipend.
Financial assistance includes grant, scholarship, employment and loan dollars.
Financial assistance includes loans and rebates.
Financial assistance includes loans, grants or scholarships.
Financial Assistance Includes loans, grants, work study and fellowships.
Financial assistance includes loans, scholarships and part-time employment.
Financial assistance includes scholarships, grants, loans and work-study.
Financial assistance includes tuition discounts, grants, scholarships, employment and loan dollars.
Financial assistance is a big part of the college experience.
Financial assistance is a side issue.
Financial assistance is a vital part of the process.
Financial assistance is adjusted to reflect reductions in a student's overall budget.
Financial assistance is also available for Canadian students.
Financial assistance is also available for career technology classes for BEST participants.
Financial assistance is also available for some projects.
Financial assistance is also available for volunteers.
Financial assistance is also available to districts through the matching-grant program.
Financial assistance is also available to exceptional international students.
Financial assistance is also available to graduate students.
Financial assistance is also available to qualified parents.
Financial assistance is also available to schools for pupil transportation costs.
Financial assistance is also available to under represented minorities.
Financial assistance is also available.
Financial assistance is always contingent upon the availability of funds.
Financial assistance is always welcome in countries where resources are extremely scarce.
Financial assistance is an option.
Financial assistance is another significant consideration for transfer students.
Financial assistance is assured for every student.
Financial assistance is available and volunteers are needed.
Financial assistance is available as needed.
Financial assistance is available as scholarships, fellowships, assistantships and traineeships.
Financial assistance is available as scholarships, grants, loans, and employment.
Financial assistance is available based on family size and income level.
Financial assistance is available for a limited number of students.
Financial assistance is available for a number of specific areas.
Financial assistance is available for advanced skills training.
Financial assistance is available for all programs.
Financial assistance is available for all summer camp programs.
Financial assistance is available for all YMCA programs and membership.
Financial assistance is available for any course requiring a fee.
Financial assistance is available for both low and middle income families.
Financial assistance is available for businesses that qualify under the various schemes.
Financial assistance is available for capable children from needy families.
Financial assistance is available for eligible families.
Financial assistance is available for eligible participants.
Financial assistance is available for eligible persons with disabilities.
Financial assistance is available for eligible students.
Financial assistance is available for emergency leave, disaster, or other emergencies.
Financial assistance is available for families currently enrolled in some form of public assistance.
Financial assistance is available for families unable to pay all or part of the camp fee.
Financial assistance is available for families who qualify.
Financial assistance is available for girls and adults.
Financial assistance is available for housing.
Financial assistance is available for income-eligible participants.
Financial assistance is available for instructional fees only.
Financial assistance is available for low-income families.
Financial assistance is available for low-income pet owners.
Financial assistance is available for many graduate students through different sources.
Financial assistance is available for many programs.
Financial assistance is available for most students.
Financial assistance is available for needy students.
Financial assistance is available for pet owners who qualify.
Financial assistance is available for projects upto Rs.
Financial assistance is available for purchasing the anthems.
Financial assistance is available for qualified applicants.
Financial assistance is available for qualified students.
Financial assistance is available for qualifying families.
Financial assistance is available for qualifying grandparents.
Financial assistance is available for services and home modifications based on income eligibility.
Financial assistance is available for short term training.
Financial assistance is available for single moms.
Financial assistance is available for some women through the study.
Financial assistance is available for state, regional, and national auditions.
Financial assistance is available for students who qualify for aid.
Financial assistance is available for students who qualify.
Financial assistance is available for students.
Financial assistance is available for transfer students.
Financial assistance is available for travel to and from the internship.
Financial assistance is available for tuition and living costs.
Financial assistance is available for tuition only.
Financial assistance is available for tuition, activity fees, and extended stay coverage.
Financial assistance is available for undergraduate and secondary school tuition expenses.
Financial assistance is available for YMCA programs and membership.
Financial assistance is available from local councils for families that are unable to pay.
Financial assistance is available from private sources and from the federal government.
Financial assistance is available from the diocese.
Financial assistance is available if needed.
Financial assistance is available in the event of hardship.
Financial assistance is available in the form of assistantships and fellowships.
Financial assistance is available in the form of grants, loans, scholarships and work-study.
Financial assistance is available in the form of grants, loans, scholarships, and work-study.
Financial assistance is available in the form of grants, scholarships, loans, and work-study.
Financial assistance is available in the form of grants, scholarships, work-study, and loans.
Financial assistance is available in the form of incentives, grants and tax rebates.
Financial assistance is available in the form of scholarships and assistantships.
Financial assistance is available in the form of special book grants and fee waivers.
Financial assistance is available in the forms of scholarships, grants, and loans.
Financial assistance is available on a competitive basis to especially strong candidates.
Financial assistance is available on a competitive basis to help defray educational expenses.
Financial assistance is available on a competitive basis.
Financial assistance is available on a limited basis.
Financial assistance is available on a shared-cost basis.
Financial assistance is available on an as-needed basis.
Financial assistance is available only in certain emergency situations.
Financial assistance is available only to full-time students.
Financial assistance is available through a number of state and federal programs.
Financial assistance is available through a variety of resources.
Financial assistance is available through assistance agreements.
Financial assistance is available through contracts with various government agencies.
Financial assistance is available through federal grants, loans, and scholarships.
Financial assistance is available through grants, loans, student employment, and scholarships.
Financial assistance is available through loans for chapter housing and loans for senior students.
Financial assistance is available through scholarships, loans, grants and work study.
Financial assistance is available through teaching and research assistantships and fellowships.
Financial assistance is available through the county grant.
Financial assistance is available to a limited number of exceptionally well qualified students.
Financial assistance is available to all American citizens and permanent residents.
Financial assistance is available to all students.
Financial assistance is available to all who qualify.
Financial assistance is available to any member.
Financial assistance is available to anyone who qualifies.
Financial assistance is available to applicants who qualify.
Financial assistance is available to both qualifying full and part time students.
Financial assistance is available to chorus members in the form of loans and deferments.
Financial assistance is available to continuing students on merit basis.
Financial assistance is available to customers experiencing hardship due to increasing rates.
Financial assistance is available to defray program, lodging and travel costs.
Financial assistance is available to degree seeking undergraduate and graduate students.
Financial assistance is available to disadvantaged children from indigent families.
Financial assistance is available to eligible forest products firms in the State of Washington.
Financial assistance is available to eligible graduate students in the form of assistantships.
Financial assistance is available to eligible persons.
Financial assistance is available to eligible students.
Financial assistance is available to families who qualify .
Financial assistance is available to families who qualify.
Financial assistance is available to full-time graduate students on a competitive basis.
Financial assistance is available to girls wishing to participate in one of our camps.
Financial assistance is available to graduate students in economics.
Financial assistance is available to graduate students in the form of graduate assistantships.
Financial assistance is available to help provide travel expenses when needed.
Financial assistance is available to help students defray the cost of their education.
Financial assistance is available to help with the cost of adoption of a child with special needs.
Financial assistance is available to help with tuition costs.
Financial assistance is available to income-eligible seniors.
Financial assistance is available to individuals who meet specific income and resource guidlines.
Financial assistance is available to insure the opportunity for all to participate.
Financial assistance is available to needy students.
Financial assistance is available to qualified applicants.
Financial assistance is available to qualified candidates.
Financial assistance is available to qualified companies.
Financial assistance is available to qualified families.
Financial assistance is available to qualified individuals and parishes.
Financial assistance is available to qualified individuals.
Financial assistance is available to qualified students.
Financial assistance is available to qualified, full-time students.
Financial assistance is available to state societies who wish to pursue the process.
Financial assistance is available to students and some academic participants.
Financial assistance is available to students in the form of loans.
Financial assistance is available to students who apply and meet specified qualifications.
Financial assistance is available to students who qualify.
Financial assistance is available to victims of domestic violence.
Financial assistance is available to Washington interns for the summer session only.
Financial assistance is available to well-qualified students.
Financial assistance is available under a range of programs and is subject to eligibility criteria.
Financial assistance is available upon request.
Financial assistance is available while funds last.
Financial assistance is available, and couples are encouraged to attend.
Financial assistance is available, and our tuition and fees are very affordable.
Financial assistance is available, for example, as are several technical assistance programs.
Financial assistance is available.
Financial assistance is awarded for one academic year only.
Financial assistance is awarded for the entire academic year.
Financial assistance is awarded in the form of loans, grants, scholarships, and work-study.
Financial assistance is awarded in the form of scholarships, grants, and fellowships.
Financial assistance is awarded on a competitive basis.
Financial assistance is awarded to participants on an individual, case by case basis.
Financial assistance is based on family income, and the number of members in the family.
Financial assistance is competitive and test scores weigh heavily in that decision.
Financial assistance is conditional on the formal registration for the workshop of the applicant.
Financial assistance is considered for coaching, specialized training and travel.
Financial assistance is described for each graduate level program.
Financial assistance is distributed using criteria of academic achievement.
Financial assistance is essential.
Financial assistance is frequently available to help families raise special needs children.
Financial assistance is frequently available to students studying at the masters level and above.
Financial assistance is furnished to meet the burial expenses of orphans and helpless persons.
Financial assistance is given to all eligible students who apply for aid in a timely fashion.
Financial assistance is given to students for their tickets.
Financial assistance is given to the garbage miners' children of all ages.
Financial assistance is given towards the distribution costs.
Financial assistance is granted as a result of a competition of offers held twice a year.
Financial assistance is granted on a yearly basis.
Financial assistance is help, usually in the form of money, in meeting college expenses.
Financial assistance is in the form of a no-interest deferred payment loan.
Financial assistance is limited to four years.
Financial assistance is limited to one camp per child each summer.
Financial assistance is limited to the amount permissible under law.
Financial assistance is limited.
Financial assistance is long overdue.
Financial assistance is made for a public purpose.
Financial assistance is more difficult to secure.
Financial assistance is needed for their daily operating expenses and subsistence of their families.
Financial assistance is needed to continue providing projects for groups.
Financial assistance is offered as a wage grant to businesses and school boards.
Financial assistance is offered as a wage grant to businesses.
Financial assistance is offered in the form of grants, loans and loan guarantees.
Financial assistance is offered on a competitive basis.
Financial assistance is offered through grants, scholarships, loans, and part-time employment.
Financial assistance is offered to highly qualified students .
Financial assistance is offered to qualified people who have more time than money.
Financial assistance is often available but takes some effort to find.
Financial assistance is often available to students interested in pursuing graduate work.
Financial assistance is often available.
Financial assistance is only applicable to the residency fee, on-campus accommodation and meals.
Financial assistance is only available to Ontario residents.
Financial assistance is paid to the successful applicants in two equal instalments.
Financial assistance is plentiful.
Financial assistance is processed only for accepted students.
Financial assistance is provided by the government to aid in the rearing of up to three children.
Financial assistance is provided for low-income students pursuing a nontraditional course of study.
Financial assistance is provided for qualified students.
Financial assistance is provided for the study abroad.
Flexibility is the key for multi-year packages.
Flexibility is the key here as well as having back-up plans.
Flexibility is the key here as well.
Flexibility is the key here.
Flexibility is the key if a new technology expects migration from an older one.
Flexibility is the key in maximizing the chances for success.
Flexibility is the key point here.
Flexibility is the key to a comfortable, watertight fit.
Flexibility is the key to a successful benefit program.
Flexibility is the key to a successful portal.
Flexibility is the key to air power, and air power is the key to victory.
Flexibility is the key to an effective personal quality system.
Flexibility is the key to being a versatile studio player.
Flexibility is the key to contract employment.
Flexibility is the key to employment.
Flexibility is the key to euro stability.
Flexibility is the key to every good home office.
Flexibility is the key to excellence in distance learning.
Flexibility is the key to getting a discounted seat.
Flexibility is the key to good training.
Flexibility is the key to happiness.
Flexibility is the key to having a rewarding homeschool career.
Flexibility is the key to immediate and future success.
Flexibility is the key to making an alternative schedule work.
Flexibility is the key to managing cancer pain.
Flexibility is the key to our approach.
Flexibility is the key to our corporate plan's ability to accommodate widely varying company needs.
Flexibility is the key to our longevity and success.
Flexibility is the key to our operation.
Flexibility is the key to our program.
Flexibility is the key to our service provision.
Flexibility is the key to our success in delivering courses for business.
Flexibility is the key to our success.
Flexibility is the key to our system.
Flexibility is the key to produce more business.
Flexibility is the key to remaining competitive in today's workforce.
Flexibility is the key to success in the legal profession in the future.
Flexibility is the key to success with technology .
Flexibility is the key to success.
Flexibility is the key to survival.
Flexibility is the key to surviving, for both instructors and students.
Flexibility is the key to that job.
Flexibility is the key to the new approach.
Flexibility is the key word here.
Flexibility is the key word in camping.
Flexibility is the key word of our safari.
Flexibility is the key word to finding space to play within the home.
Flexibility is the key word when profiling a business at the airport.
Flexibility is the key word.
Flexibility is the key, according to the experts.
Flexibility is the key, add extra accommodation or add a music festival, it's easy and instant.
Flexibility is the key, as mobile users tend to move around all the time.
Flexibility is the key, but so also is cross training.
Flexibility is the key, with new varieties of potential problems appearing daily.
Flexibility is the key.
Flexibility is the keynote of the mathematics courses.
Flexibility is the keynote.
Flexibility is the keyword for modern domestic staff.
Flexibility is the keyword in track lighting.
Flexibility is the main feature.
Flexibility is the most important factor.
Flexibility is the most underrated part of a total conditioning program.
Flexibility is the name of the game here.
Flexibility is the name of the game, but it is hard to develop.
Flexibility is the name of the game.
Flexibility is the nature of balance.
Flexibility is the new name of the game for many of the tools.
Flexibility is the norm.
Flexibility is the number one advantage of a universal life certificate.
Flexibility is the operative word.
Flexibility is the order of the day.
Flexibility is the other key element.
Flexibility is the prerequisite for success.
Flexibility is the quality professors mention most.
Flexibility is the range of motion around a specific joint.
Flexibility is the range of motion limbs are capable of.
Flexibility is the range of movement of a joint or series of joints and their associated muscles.
Flexibility is the range of movement of a joint that the surrounding tissue allows.
Flexibility is the third and final piece in training for the ski season.
Flexibility is the trait of adaptability, which is of course what life is all about.
Flexibility is the watchword and adventure the reward.
Flexibility is the watchword now.
Flexibility is the watchword.
Flexibility is the way to adapt, and to survive and prosper in an epoch of transition.
Flexibility is therefore another plus.
Flexibility is very attractive to the new-economy workforce.
Flexibility is very important for reaching for lobs and passing shots at the net.
Flexibility is very important in today's corporate world.
Flexibility is very important to a surfer.
Flexibility is very important when there's a night-worker in the household.
Flexibility is very important.
Flexibility is vital to effective scheduling of trail construction and maintenance work parties.
Flexibility is vital to the encouragement of interest, participation and innovation.
Flexibility is vital.
Flexibility is what it all comes down to.
Flexibility is what it's all about.
Flexibility is what people neglect the most.
Flexibility is what waves are all about.
Flexibility is where it loses out no sorting, poor host administration and single session searching.
Flexibility is, therefore, a desirable property of SPAs.
Flexibility isa property.
Flexibility keeps part-timers coming to work.
Flexibility keeps things fun and exciting.
Flexibility keeps things running smoothly.
Flexibility Let's face it - no software product is ever perfect for every situation.
Flexibility makes change easier.
Flexibility makes compliance easier.
Flexibility makes getting started easy.
Flexibility makes it possible to hit a target that's just out of the natural range of motion.
Flexibility makes the concept viable in many settings.
Flexibility makes the difference.
Flexibility makes the program attractive to employees.
Flexibility makes workers more productive and focused.
Flexibility matters even more than raw size.
Flexibility means being willing to change yourjob, goals, or plans in order to accomplish a goal.
Flexibility means change and, for some people, a sense of uneasiness.
Flexibility means complexities, complexity means more bucks to get the job done.
Flexibility means reps can take a vacation at any time.
Flexibility means reusability.
Flexibility means that people can interact easily with created objects using peripheral device.
Flexibility means the worker chooses.
Flexibility means to be able to alter plans when necessary.
Flexibility means using an array of tools to explore risk in different ways.
Flexibility needs to be built in to deal with problems more effectively.
Flexibility needs to be built in.
Flexibility needs to be increased.
Flexibility needs to be left up to the TPs.
Flexibility now counts as much for organisations at it does for employees.
Flexibility occurs in granting additional time for special projects.
Flexibility offers alternatives that complement the specific needs of a risk management program.
Flexibility offers more choices to fit all situations and budgets.
Flexibility offers value that is often more important than the actual microcontroller cost.
Flexibility only goes so far.
Flexibility permits ease and grace in movement.
Flexibility permits measuring curved surfaces.
Flexibility produces opportunities.
Flexibility provided by digitized information offers value to educational activities.
Flexibility provides increased quality and quantity of joint synovial fluid.
Flexibility raises many new risks and challenges.
Flexibility refers to the ability of soft tissue to relax and yield to stretch forces.
Flexibility refers to the ability to perform a movement over a wide range of motions.
Flexibility refers to the ability to respond easily to changing conditions.
Flexibility refers to the device's close personal proximity to the end user.
Flexibility refers to the range of motion around a joint.
Flexibility refers to the range of movement of a joint.
Flexibility refers to the structure of our graduate program.
Flexibility regarding periodic evening and weekend on-call is essential.
Flexibility relates to attitude, too.
Flexibility replaces ambiguity.
Flexibility requires dedicated consistency.
Flexibility requires generating a wide range of ideas.
Flexibility requires sound judgement.
Flexibility requires the knowledge of more than one approach to solving a class of problems.
Flexibility requires trust in employees and common sense.
Flexibility seems needed.
Flexibility seems to be the chief reason students forgo the campus to take courses online.
Flexibility seems to be the core of any design scheme.
Flexibility seems to be the key.
Flexibility seems to contribute the most significantly to hit rate accuracy.
Flexibility separates today's printers from the old-timers.
Flexibility signifies a readiness to assist colleagues whenever another pair of hands is necessary.
Flexibility simply enables the evolution.
Flexibility supports situation learning by offering different situations for individual students.
Flexibility Take advantage of simple online booking capabilities.
Flexibility varies by instructor requirements or type of course.
Flexibility varies greatly from person to person.
Flexibility always helps keep costs down.
Flexibility sometimes plans have to be altered to meet the needs of the children.
More flexibility allows funds to go further.
More flexibility however is reached by combining several components.
More flexibility is always a good thing.
More flexibility is available for feature submissions.
MORE Flexibility is crucial to our services.
More flexibility is granted to all other services.
More flexibility is necessary from the space access provider.
More flexibility is offered if the text produced depends on a set of independent dimensions.
More flexibility needed as language is too tight on an exact description.
More flexibility only comes with stretching regularly .
Much flexibility is possible however, and many courses can be substituted.
Much flexibility is possible in meeting the international experience requirement.
Much flexibility is required.
Some flexibility does exist to match the requirements of individual student's schedules.
Some flexibility exists to accommodate student needs.
Some flexibility facilitates expansion.
Some flexibility is available early in the morning and in the evening if required.
Some flexibility is available in working hours to accommodate class schedule.
Some flexibility is built into the process.
Some flexibility is needed then to allow for changes in the learning objectives.
Some flexibility is needed to align people and positions most effectively.
Some flexibility is needed.
Some flexibility is permitted in choice of subjects.
Some flexibility is permitted in subject choices.
Some flexibility is permitted in the method of meeting fire response requirements.
Some flexibility is permitted.
Some flexibility is possible in the above outline.
Some flexibility is possible in the hours.
Some flexibility is required due to the constant flux of current, relevant information.
Some flexibility regarding admission policies is permitted.
Some flexibility regarding length of grant, but preference is for full academic year.
Some flexibility regarding scheduled laboratory hours is required.
Flexible access requires a database with open architecture.
Flexible action is assumed to depend on a balance between change and stability.
Flexible adjustment is supposed to be a great advantage of gabions.
Flexible appointments are available throughout the day.
Flexible architecture allows for addition of criteria for calculating and sorting schedules.
Flexible architecture allows users to define system configuration for maximum performance.
Flexible arm points the light to any position.
Flexible arrangement enables professors to assign chapters in any order.
Flexible arrangements are available for special production requirements.
Flexible arrangements are possible for groups wishing to customise their visits.
Flexible arrangements can have advantages for employees, provided that they are negotiated.
Flexible arrangements mean a variety of conferences, meetings and receptions can all be catered for.
More flexible arrangements permit attendance over a maximum period of eight years.
Flexible attendance is possible, allowing students to take up to six years to complete the course.
Flexible availability is a plus, especially weekends and evenings.
Flexible availability is required for employment.
More flexible babies adapt fairly easily to the new situation.
Flexible bags are best for products with irregular shapes and dry pack fruits and vegetables.
Flexible base fills with sand or water and is rounded for easy roll relocation.
Flexible behaviour allows individuals to exploit every opportunity to pursue their needs.
Flexible benefits enable the employer to target benefits to individual employees.
Flexible binding allows for ease in handling.
Flexible boards are usually more forgiving and better for the bumps.
Flexible bodies are hallmarks of healthy babies.
Flexible bollards are bollards designed to bend when struck by vehicles.
Flexible boom has better wave following characteristics.
Flexible branches make it easy to espalier.
Flexible bulb gaskets around all fixed and operating sash perimeters.
Flexible cable allows for easy installation.
Flexible cable is easy to place and secure.
Flexible cable is easy to place, secure, and camouflage.
Flexible cables conduct power.
Most flexible cables conduct power.
Flexible centre join allows some interocular movement.
Flexible check run capability from daily to monthly including direct deposit of reimbursements .
Flexible collaboration features lets users work with others to create and manage their site.
Flexible collaboration is key to any true knowledge work.
Flexible collar slips over the neck, right side arm rests on shoulder.
Flexible conductor conforms to any twist or turn.
Flexible conduit Identify permissible uses.
Flexible conduit is affordable and available in most hardware and electronics stores.
Flexible configurations are available to fit each customer's needs.
Flexible configurations deliver a low-cost solution .
Flexible connections are less likely to result in the release of gas during an earthquake.
Flexible control thresholds for aphids in winter wheat in dependence on naturally antagonists.
Flexible controls let the user read an issue page by page or jump to a specific section.
Flexible core allows movement as well as adjustable length.
Flexible coupling are very important when attaching things to motor shafts.
Flexible couplings require very little maintenance when they are properly lined up.
Flexible crampons are the old standard for everything.
Flexible cup fits most cup sizes.
Flexible curriculum meets a variety of student needs and career goals.
Flexible curriculum permits self-designed programs.
Flexible dancing demands a complicated series of transitions, especially from life to art.
Flexible dates are still available.
Flexible deadlines encourage writers block.
Flexible deployment is also central to their success.
Flexible deployment supports all major platforms.
Flexible design allows attachment of in-line component counter providing total processing system.
Flexible design allows for easy future expansion.
Flexible design allows for small or large events.
Flexible design allows teachers to supplement lessons with their favorite teaching materials.
Flexible design allows users to shape the light to their computing needs.
Flexible design ensures that reports can be designed by the users, on the fly.
Flexible design holds any shape or size of cables.
Flexible design makes it very easily extensible with modules.
Flexible design offers application customization.
Flexible design permits ease in rope handling.
Flexible design provides optimal coverage of the elbow, humerus, biceps and forearms.
Flexible designs provide for liquid removal, waste compaction and drum crushing.
Flexible designs work best.
Flexible designs work with any process tool footprint size.
Flexible detail reporting by property allows for complete and detailed billing history analysis.
Flexible distributors fare well in the battle for government accounts.
Flexible dome folds into pocket-size mask.
Flexible duct is very low cost.
Flexible dues structure with emphasis on young families.
Flexible endoscopes look deep inside a patient's colon, intestines or lungs.
Flexible endoscopy is also useful in establishing a diagnosis.
Flexible enrollment allows students to start classes at any time during the term.
Flexible entry dates for others.
Flexible expenses are more difficult to identify because of their changing nature.
Flexible expenses vary from month to month and can be controlled and managed to some extent.
Flexible expenses vary from week to week and can be controlled and managed to some extent.
Flexible federalism is nothing but federal indifference.
Flexible financing helps manage costs in an unpredictable environment.
Flexible financing is required.
Flexible financing makes budgeting easier.
Flexible flange allows pouch to be secured with minimal pressure.
Flexible floor plans our speciality.
Flexible floor plans our specialty.
Flexible Flyers Rafting Offers white-water rafting trips on the Animas River in Durango.
Flexible foam creates cushions.
Flexible foams use carbon dioxide gas.
Most flexible foam creates cushions.
Flexible footwear is recommended.
Flexible format allows implementation at tennis facilities, recreational centers or school gyms.
Flexible format allows instruction for wide range of skill and ability.
Flexible format allows instruction for wide range of skills and ability.
Flexible format allows the selection of a basis for comparison.
Flexible format fits classes of varying time lengths.
Flexible frame has vent holes.
Flexible funding allows families to obtain services from multiple providers and programs.
Flexible funding helps a partnership initiate research.
Flexible funding is needed for local research by communities.
Flexible gathers offer a snug, secure fit to prevent side leaks.
Flexible graphite is a key material in the manufacture of flow field plates for fuel cells.
Flexible halls permit individual solutions.
Flexible headband provides stability and comfort.
Flexible heater is made to lay on top of plastic, which is heated then bent to shape desired.
Flexible hinge accommodates extra-thick originals.
Flexible hinges are great for younger children because they allow more outward bending and abuse.
Flexible hip includes proximal half of femur, innominate and ligaments.
Flexible hoops flatten when spun on a hand crank rotator.
Flexible hoses allow for easy installation to the carb.
Flexible hoses become soft after a while, resulting in a spongy pedal.
Flexible hours accommodate student schedules.
Flexible hours accomodate student schedules.
Flexible hours allow employees to work traditional and non-traditional hours.
Flexible hours allow for evening appointments.
Flexible hours are a plus.
Flexible hours are also possible.
Flexible hours are another available perk, subject to business needs and union contracts.
Flexible hours are available and training is provide by our agency.
Flexible hours are available for counseling services on weekdays and weekends.
Flexible hours are available within guidelines.
Flexible hours are available, and no hours are too few.
Flexible hours are available, including evening appointments, to accommodate working students.
Flexible hours are available.
Flexible hours are possible.
Flexible hours are the most common family-friendly provision.
Flexible hours are the norm, including evening and weekend work.
Flexible hours can be a great asset in juggling family commitments.
Flexible hours can include evenings and weekends.
Flexible hours Can work part time or full.
Flexible Hours Come join our team full or part time.
Flexible hours do work.
Flexible instrumentation can be helpful in promoting sales.
Flexible interfaces are the cornerstone of our design.
Some flexible jaws adapt for heads.
Flexible knee includes distal half of femur, articulated to tibia and fibula, and the patella.
Flexible layout allows for many kinds of page creation.
Flexible layout allows for many kinds of site building.
Flexible layout allows for many kinds of webpage creation.
Flexible leads eliminate the possibility of damage and make installation easy.
Flexible leaders are effective generalists.
Flexible leadership allows for different interaction with different personalities.
Flexible leases can include all hardware, software and service costs.
Flexible liners allow for an easy and a very forgiving installation.
Flexible liners allow for more creativity and can be adjusted to fit most any area.
Flexible linkages are common in the molecular world.
Flexible magnet can be either isotropic and anisotropic.
Flexible magnets are compounds of plastics or rubbers with magnetic powders.
Flexible magnets can be either isotropic and anisotropic.
Flexible manufacturing can produce small lots like intermittent manufacturing.
Flexible manufacturing is the key to success.
Flexible mapping allows users to move fields or omit unwanted fields and text.
Flexible materials are easy to bend.
Flexible mechanisms are important.
Flexible mechanisms are the key to achieving lowest cost emissions reductions for our sector.
Flexible mechanisms promote innovative and cost-effective solutions.
Flexible membranes can alter aerophone characteristics and reinforce fundamental pitches.
Flexible mode is a good choice for middle school students and above.
Flexible muscles are almost always more resistant to injury than tight muscles.
Flexible muscles are essential to quick reactions.
Flexible muscles are far less likely to be strained or pulled than tight ones.
Flexible muscles are less likely to be strained or pulled than tight ones.
Flexible muscles are less prone to injury.
Flexible muscles are less prone to soreness and injury.
Flexible muscles can decrease the risk of injury.
Flexible muscles can travel further when they contract, which translates to additional strength.
Flexible neck allows easy positioning.
Flexible needle is inserted into the liver.
Flexible networks address core human resource issues.
Flexible networks facilitate both product identification and establish marketing channels.
Flexible options are available from three hour seminars to week long intensive instruction modules.
Flexible options are right around the corner.
Flexible options make it easy, so please sign up at whatever level is appropriate today.
Flexible options meet the specific needs of diverse healthcare organizations.
Flexible organization allows for self- or independent study based on individual student needs.
Flexible organizations are able to initiate and respond more effectively to change.
Flexible organizations are the key to the first and a highly controlled organization for the second.
Flexible organizations require a flexible IT infrastructure.
Flexible pacing is provided for all children at our school.
Flexible packages are available for each client.
Flexible packages are excellent examples of the benefits of source reduction.
Flexible packaging is just like regular packaging, but much thinner, lighter and less bulky.
Flexible packaging is offered to ethical, consumer, and medical products companies.
Flexible parts lock together to make jointed dinosaurs or frogs.
Flexible Parties can renegotiate their agreement at any time.
More flexible plans cost more.
Flexible planning is carried out on hierarchies containing any chosen organizational levels.
Flexible planning offers multiple options for customized configuration.
Flexible platform allows for ongoing maintenance and changes.
Flexible playlist allows broadcasters to type or import up to one year of programming.
Flexible playtime is another consideration.
Flexible prices play a crucial role in making the stock market efficient.
Flexible pricing allows for just the right charges for the services rendered.
Flexible pricing is a smaller segment of scheduling and pricing.
Flexible pricing is available based on first-time user, concurrent user and processor.
Some force apparently keeps the hexagonal iron crystals all in close alignment.
Some force is at work to attempt to keep it that way.
Some force is at work to prevent a big correction.
Some force is needed to dislodge larvae from the roots.
Some force residents out when their health deteriorates or they fall behind on payments.
Some forces accompany hurricanes.
Some forces act at a distance.
Some forces act on air.
Some forces act on airplanes.
Some forces act on bar magnets.
Some forces act on blocks.
Some forces act on bones.
Some forces act on boxes.
Some forces act on channels.
Some forces act on engines.
Some forces act on environments.
Some forces act on frames.
Some forces act on front wheels.
Some forces act on gravity.
Some forces act on hooks.
Some forces act on joints.
Some forces act on liquids.
Some forces act on magnets.
Some forces act on markers.
Some forces act on mechanisms.
Some forces act on picture frames.
Some forces act on projectiles.
Some forces act on rings.
Some forces act on rocket engines.
Some forces act on rockets.
Some forces act on ropes.
Some forces act on sediments.
Some forces act on ships.
Some forces act on sides.
Some forces act on structures.
Some forces act on surface wind.
Some forces act on walls.
Some forces act on water.
Some forces act on wheels.
Some forces act on wind.
Some forces act on wings.
Some forces act through physical contact, while others act at a distance.
Some forces act upon books.
Some forces act upon buckets.
Some forces act upon crates.
Some forces act upon parcels.
Some forces act upon surfaces.
Some forces affect earth.
Some forces affect frictional resistance.
Some forces affect industries.
Some forces affect positions.
Some forces affect resistance.
Some forces affect torque.
Some forces alter distribution.
Some forces alter strain distribution.
Some forces apply to bars.
Some forces apply to blocks.
Some forces apply to brake pedals.
Some forces apply to elastic materials.
Some forces apply to materials.
Some forces apply to particles.
Some forces apply to pedals.
Some forces apply to people.
Some forces apply to ropes.
Some forces apply to straps.
Some forces apply to surfaces.
Some forces apply torque.
Some forces are applied by fasteners.
Some forces are applied by people.
Some forces are applied by woodcutters.
Some forces are caused by interaction.
Some forces are caused by passage.
Some forces are caused by rotation.
Some forces are exerted by earth gravity.
Some forces are exerted by fluid.
Some forces are exerted by gravity.
Some forces are exerted by muscles.
Some forces are exerted by radiation.
Some forces are exerted by solar radiation.
Some forces are exerted by wind.
Some forces are experienced by members.
Some forces are generated by charge.
Some forces are generated by engines.
Some forces are generated by fluid.
Some forces are generated by motors.
Some forces are generated by movement.
Some forces are generated by pistons.
Some forces are generated by wings.
Some forces are more important than others.
Some forces are produced by engines.
Some forces are produced by expansion.
Some forces are produced by jet engines.
Some forces are produced by magnets.
Some forces are too big to control directly.
Some forces are used by engineers.
Some forces arise from heat.
Some forces associate with electricity.
Some forces associate with flow water.
Some forces associate with static electricity.
Some forces associate with water.
Some forces can act from a distance without actual contact between the two interacting objects.
Some forces carry charge.
Some forces cause bangs.
Some forces cause big bangs.
Some forces cause circular motion.
Some forces cause death.
Some forces cause destruction.
Some forces cause earthquakes.
Some forces cause extinction.
Some forces cause gases.
Some forces cause hurricanes.
Some forces cause interaction.
Some forces cause motion.
Some forces change energy.
Some forces change mechanical energy.
Some forces change potential energy.
Some forces come from contraction.
Some forces come from fierce wind.
Some forces come from sides.
Some forces come from surfaces.
Some forces come from wind.
Some forces consequence from contact interactions.
Some forces convert energy.
Some forces convert potential energy.
Some forces convert total energy.
Some forces create gradient wind.
Some forces create pressure.
Some forces create wind.
Some forces decrease energy.
Some forces decrease kinetic energy.
Some forces depend on friction.
Some forces depend on locations.
Some forces depend on situations.
Some forces dissolve in corn oil.
Some forces dissolve in oil.
Some forces do both.
Some forces drive current.
Some forces drive turbidity current.
Some forces encounter forces.
Some forces exceed forces.
Some forces exceed friction.
Some forces exceed static friction.
Some forces exceed weight.
Some forces generate patterns.
Some forces harm coyotes.
Some forces have a more direct impact on a business, other forces impact more indirectly.
Some forces have applications.
Some forces have contributions.
Some forces have destructive consequences, while others impose randomness and chaos on the others.
Some forces have effects.
Some forces have forces.
Some forces have maximum values.
Some forces have opposite forces.
Some forces have ranges.
Some forces have serious effects.
Some forces have serious long term effects.
Some forces have states.
Some forces have sunlight.
Some forces have term effects.
Some forces have values.
Some forces hit patches.
Some forces increase filtration.
Some forces kill gorillas.
Some forces lead to character displacement.
Some forces lead to deterioration.
Some forces lead to displacement.
Some forces lead to extinction.
Some forces lead to success.
Some forces move blocks.
Some forces move matter, such as heat and sound.
Some forces move water.
Some forces oppose compression.
Some forces oppose filtration.
Some forces oppose forces.
Some forces oppose gravity.
Some forces overcome inertia.
Some forces overcome rotational inertia.
Some forces produce gradient wind.
Some forces produce motion.
Some forces produce wind.
Some forces provide power.
Some forces provide sensation.
Some forces provide torque.
Some forces pull water.
Some forces push blocks.
Some forces push boats.
Some forces push devices.
Some forces push electricity.
Some forces push electromagnets.
Some forces push hydraulic pistons.
Some forces push pads.
Some forces push pistons.
Some forces push sailboats.
Some forces push weight.
Some forces reduce cost.
Some forces require performance.
Some forces result from interaction.
Some forces result from rotation.
Some forces result in forces.
Some forces result in pressure.
Some forces shed light.
Some forces simulate effects.
Some forces simulate gravity.
Some forces support benefits.
Some forces take places.
Some forces threaten penguins.
Some forces use friction.
Some forces use gases.
Forced feeding is feeding.
Forced mandates are the biggest challenge of all.
Forced prostitution is rape.
Forced relocations are part of an ongoing effort by the Burmese military to crush civil unrest.
Forced sex is called rape .
Forced sex is intended to abuse, humiliate, and dehumanize the victim.
Forced sex is permissible if the people involved are married.
Forced sex is sexual assault.
Forced sex is sexual assaults.
Forceful annexations are in violation of international law.
Forceful incentives produce a wealth of qualitative information in the risk factor section.
Forceful laughter involves some physical strain and rise in abdominal pressure.
Forceful opinions welcome.
Forcefulness isa degree.
Forcefulness isa level.
A forceps is an extractor
Forceps are also a staple item when performing a necrospy.
Forceps are large steel instruments like tongs that fit alongside the baby's head.
Forceps are necessary to move the plant material to the growing media.
Forceps are the best way to handle the small strips.
Forceps are used to pick up or hold small objects.
Forceps biopsy from an endoscopically visible lesion in the trachea.
Forceps biopsy from the mucosal alteration in a young patient.
Forceps minimize the damage and can be bought at a biological supply company.
Forceps press the blades to either side of the cover glass in order to secure and hold it.
Forceps tend to push smooth objects deeper into the canal.
Forcepses are extractors.
Forceps usually require an episiotomy which is a cut enlarging the birth opening.
Forces of nature are films.
Forcible compulsion means physical force or threat of physical injury to any person.
Forcible conversion is considered as a state sponsored method of assimilation.
Forcible rape involves using force, fear, coercion, or trickery to acquire sex.
Forcible rape is a subset of all forcible sex offenses.
Forcible rape is wrong.
Forcible resettlement is also a war crime.
Forcible shearing means the worst humiliation for a baptized Sikh.
Ford County is highlighted in black because it's associated with Illinois' state soil symbol.
A ford is a crossing
Fords appear to have the edge with four wins over the five years.
Fords are bodies of water.
Fords are companies.
Fords are crossings.
Fords are garbage.
Fords are part of streams.
Fords are winless so far.
Fords cost an extra movement point to cross.
Fords snare five.
Fords Use rock fords if no practical alternative exists.
Fords often have two tapered holes in the center of the long bed truck.
Fords sometimes have two tapered holes in the center of the long bed truck.
Fordham alumni share their expertise, mentor students and offer networking opportunities.
Fordham students enjoy a very high success rate in admission to law school.
Fordham volunteers help with recreation with three to five year-olds.
Fordham volunteers participate in two to three outings a month.
A forearm is a limb
Forearm hangs so that the palm of the hand is inward.
Forearm pass only for service reception.
Forearms are an ideal place to test.
Forearms are body parts.
Forearms are key.
Forearms are limbs.
Forearms are parallel to each other, fists are one fist width apart horizontally and vertically.
Forearms are part of arms.
Forearms are solid objects.
Forearms are still sore.
Forearms extend horizontally to the floor towards the keyboard.
Some forearm guards up least, careless whip costing an another brick near many store.
A forebrain is a neural structure
Forebrain pathways mediating stress-induced hormone secretion.
Forecast accuracy is proven by our ongoing validation program.
Forecast accuracy tends to decrease as the forecast horizon decreases.
Forecast errors can be large, even in the near term.
Forecast errors occur for three main reasons.
Forecast models are unable to use the geostrophic approximation in tropical environments.
All forecast models have similar methods of analyzing the input data to produce a forecast.
Forecast period is eight quarters beyond the base data.
Forecast techniques provide information.
A forecast is a forecasting
Forecast are available for all regions as well as predictions.
Forecast based planning alone can no longer meet the needs of Internet powered customer demand.
Forecast calls for little lift in cotton prices.
Forecast can load test web servers, client server, networks and databases.
Forecast concentrates on GDP growth and inflation.
Forecast exercises in the afternoon.
Forecast expenses with greater accuracy.
Forecast follows through from research, resources, rationale.
Forecast is a key component of our success.
Forecast is a statistical synthesis of probabilities and expert opinion .
Forecast is a week of hot weather.
Forecast is both the friendliest and most accurate.
Forecast is clear and warm.
Forecast is for late afternoon convection.
Forecast is for rain in a day or two.
Forecast is for the situation to continue and worsen.
Forecast is grim and cold.
Forecast is immediately on the left.
Forecast looks good for both today and tomorrow with a southeast wind, hopefully within our limits.
Forecast looks good for the night of wednesday to thursday, but worsening thursday to saturday.
Forecast looks good.
Forecast looks promising for continued calm for a few more weeks.
Forecast looks promising.
Forecast reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time.
Forecast simulates virtual users or applications on a system for realistic load and volume testing.
Forecast start date Start date of earliest forecast period contained within the forecast.
Forecasts also suggest a relatively stable outlook for tax-exempt rates over the coming year.
Forecasts appear on public Web pages.
Forecasts are a prediction based upon an educated guess .
Forecasts are also a drawback, because forecasts can be wrong.
Forecasts are also available, as are various specialized features.
Forecasts are also available.
Forecasts are also more accurate for longer segments of time periods.
Forecasts are an essential part of making decision.
Forecasts are available for cities worldwide.
Forecasts are available for local weather in the New York City area.
Forecasts are available to five years in the future.
Forecasts are even stronger.
Forecasts are exponential.
Forecasts are fine.
Forecasts are for a slightly higher GDP growth rate.
Forecasts are for calendar years.
Forecasts are for continued growth in passenger ship activity in Maine ports.
Forecasts are for pressure on the real to ease.
Forecasts are free.
Forecasts are guesses about the future based on the past.
Forecasts are modest.
Forecasts are more accurate for larger groups of items.
Forecasts are more accurate over shorter leadtimes.
Forecasts are necessarily speculative.
Forecasts are no longer free.
Forecasts are notoriously difficult and unreliable, and judgment is always required.
Forecasts are now for gridpoint mean rainfalls.
Forecasts are only estimates and are subject to change.
Forecasts are rather bad.
Forecasts are reliably related to losses only if the losses are included in actual earnings.
Forecasts are robust and reproducible, outperforming alternative methods.
Forecasts are unlikely to become significantly more accurate in the future.
Forecasts are usually only a few hours old.
Forecasts are vital tools to our business planning as well as that of our principal's.
Forecasts are volatile and inaccurate.
Forecasts are wrong.
Forecasts based on single realizations of initial conditions provide no such estimates.
Forecasts begin at approx.
Forecasts call for clearing skies during the remainder of the week.
Forecasts call for frigid temperatures to continue statewide.
Forecasts call for improving conditions during the next few days.
Forecasts call for more flooding rains to arrive late tonight.
Forecasts call for more scorching heat next week.
Forecasts call for much improved conditions during the next few days.
Forecasts call for near normal temperatures during the next few days.
Forecasts call for sunny skies across the region for the next few days.
Forecasts call for that growth to continue for at least another two years.
Forecasts call for the abnormally warm temperatures to move east over the next few days.
Forecasts call for the heat to become more intense during the next few days.
Forecasts call for the potential of another storm system moving into the area.
Forecasts call for the tropical system to remain well off of the Japanese coastline.
Forecasts call for warmer weather, and gusty winds with dry lightning through the weekend.
Forecasts can be by item or group, by day, week or month, down to a location level.
Forecasts can be extrapolations of trends.
Forecasts can be for individual time periods into the future.
Forecasts can be generates in many different ways using many different approaches.
Forecasts can be notoriously inaccurate.
Forecasts can be specific down to home or work address, or even areas such as the local golf club.
Forecasts can help determine whether production estimates can be increased or decreased.
Forecasts can vary greatly from the coast to the inland suburbs.
Forecasts Check aeroallergen maps here during allergy season.
Forecasts Check out forecasts from around the world.
Forecasts demand, estimates workload, and creates optimal schedules to balance cost versus service.
Forecasts depend on accurate observations of the state of the atmosphere and oceans.
Forecasts differentiate between eight types of precipitation.
Forecasts divide into two major camps, each reflecting the agendas of their proponents.
Forecasts drive almost all operations planning.
Forecasts Forecast maximum and minimum temperatures for the next four days.
Forecasts format is that of the.
Forecasts go wrong for two main reasons.
Forecasts help to save lives, property and crops.
Forecasts impacts on market.
Forecasts indicate a slow fall along several points within the next several days.
Forecasts indicate it to be a vocation of high employment in future years.
Forecasts indicate river levels to continue to fall.
Forecasts indicate that peak demand is yet to be seen.
Forecasts indicate that the Irish software sector needs to continue developing foreign markets.
Forecasts needs to determine categories and quantities of supply, as well as funds required.
Forecasts now indicate a shorter arctic front.
Forecasts now point to eyestrain as an epidemic by the end of the decade.
Forecasts offer predictions for the current day.
Forecasts predict it's going to be a scorcher, with rolling blackouts almost inevitable.
Forecasts provide a prediction, or outlook, of future conditions.
Forecasts provide precipitation, temperature and visibility readings.
Forecasts provide the foundations for both daily operations and market planning.
Forecasts range from scant growth to a slight decline, depending on market sector.
Forecasts reflect analysis of the market trends in the segment and related segments.
Forecasts represent the average of responses from member companies in each product line.
Friends experience severe effects.
Friends experience severe long term effects.
Friends experience term effects.
Friends extinguish the little flame and the now scorched fax is read to the end.
Friends face .
Friends fade in and out of each others' lives sometimes, and that's what happened here.
Friends faithfully pray for and give to missionaries and their ministry.
Friends Fall out.
Friends feel the pain the other is suffering in times of trial.
Friends find it within themselves to accept and submit to one another.
Friends find other friends.
Friends find pulses.
Friends find their friends jobs.
Friends fly free.
Friends focus during conversations.
Friends focus on friends.
Friends focus on the person.
Friends focuses on the friendship of three men and women living in New York city.
Friends follow the Latin custom of greeting each other with a kiss on the cheek.
Friends forget all the little girl fights.
Friends forgive each other when they get in a fight.
Friends form the foundation of a safe and secure and enriched life.
Friends gang vs.
Friends gather around and a priest is called in.
Friends gather at a barbecue for food jokes and most importantly conversation.
Friends gather at an outdoor restaurant to share a cold drink and a meal on a beautiful summer day.
Friends gather by an old pier on the Hudson after hiking down from the top of the cliffs.
Friends gather every week for devotionals, service projects and recreational activities.
Friends gather just to be together.
Friends gather late in the evening to go from one house to the next singing traditional songs.
Friends gather on the school steps.
Friends gather to share warmth and camaraderie and enjoy great food.
Friends gather together at the holidays and birthdays and funerals.
Friends gather together for a great cause.
Friends gather together in the meeting room and wait in silence.
Friends generally serve for a period of one to three years.
Friends get at Cost discount.
Friends get education.
Friends get feelings.
Friends get friends.
Friends get it.
Friends get news.
Friends get on airplanes and fly away.
Friends get pale with envy.
Friends get sick, turn into skeletons, leave the world.
Friends get together and make plans for lunch.
Friends get together for dinner.
Friends get together in the local bar.
Friends get together to enjoy an activity together.
Friends get together to indulge in games of chance, dice or cards.
Friends get together to party with food and drink.
Friends give comfort.
Friends give high schoolers a chance to become more independent an important part of growing up.
Friends give loyalty to one another.
Friends give of each other, Their love and compassion neither to bother.
Friends give to construct or renovate buildings.
Friends give to each other, worry about each other, stand always ready to help.
Friends give to underwrite special programs and projects.
Friends go to beds.
Friends go to movies, have VCRs, and enjoy a good meal.
Friends go to schools.
Friends go visiting and bring gifts of fruit, flowers and colored eggs.
Friends go, relatives die.
Friends Going out with friends is a wonderful way to spend time.
Friends greet each other with hugs and kisses.
Friends greet each with big hugs and kissing on both cheeks, and then ask after everyone's health.
Friends grow apart.
Friends grow from content and attention.
Friends grow impatient.
Friends hang on to each other.
Friends hang out and meet new people while waiting for more pizza to arrive.
Friends hang out in the lounge between classes.
Friends has a free table at the event.
Friends has active regional chapters in major cities across the United States.
Friends has book bags for sale.
Friends has dozens of people who respond daily to others experiencing various midlife struggles.
Friends has laundry and lounge facilities.
Friends has some of the catchiest music Reach the Sky have written.
Friends have (part) arms.
Friends have (part) body substances.
Friends have (part) cell membranes.
Friends have (part) cells.
Friends have (part) corpi.
Friends have (part) cytoplasm.
Friends have (part) heads.
Friends have (part) human bodies.
Friends have (part) legs.
Friends have (part) material bodies.
Friends have (part) necks.
Friends have (part) nuclei.
Friends have (part) personality.
Friends have (part) plasma membranes.
Friends have (part) sections.
Friends have (part) vacuoles.
Friends have a different take.
Friends have a long activist tradition in peace and justice and human-equality issues.
Friends have a proven track record.
Friends have a rich tradition of corporate discernment in their monthly meetings for business.
Friends have a strong influence on children.
Friends have a strong influence on each other.
Friends have a strong record to defend.
Friends have a tradition that presents an alternative.
Friends have a way of influencing others into making the same choices as they are.
Friends have a wider, and arguably more important, long term role.
Friends have all things in common.
Friends have ancestors.
Friends have backgrounds.
Friends have blood pressure.
Friends have disputes, families disagree, lovers quarrel, and professional relationships flounder.
Friends have dreams.
Friends have families.
Friends have feet.
Friends have four regular meetings a year, with occasional special meetings.
Friends have grave reservations about it.
Friends have hands.
Friends have healthy lifestyle.
Friends have high blood pressure.
Friends have high pressure.
Friends have ideas.
Friends have jobs.
Friends have keys.
Friends have kidney problems.
Friends have lifestyle.
Friends have lovely dreams.
Friends have lunch.
Friends have many opportunities to explore special interests and programs.
Friends have mothers.
Friends have much to offer each other.
Friends have no creed, no sacraments, and no presiding ministers.
Friends have pressure.
Friends have privileges.
Friends have problems.
Friends have quite a history of constructive involvement in areas of conflict.
Friends have same problems.
Friends have same size feet.
Friends have senses.
Friends have similar values.
Friends have skin.
Friends have strong roots and always stay together.
Friends have the opportunity to participate in the planning of park events and development.
Friends have the opportunity to volunteer their time and talents for a variety of projects.
Friends have to be able to trust each other.
Friends have trouble.
Friends have voting privileges at general meetings.
Friends have ways.
Friends have wives.
Friends help .
Friends help .us with our problems because they listen.
Friends help boyfriends.
Friends help each other.
Friends help fight women s cancer.
Friends help friends and acquaintances get jobs.
Friends help friends get fired.
Friends help friends out.
Friends help friends.
Friends help in other ways too.
Friends help introduce children to the world beyond their family.
Friends help make a good library a better one.
Friends help people.
Friends help reduce costs, safety concerns and the labor of traveling.
Friends help support programs, special events, and public service projects.
Friends help transport original plaster versions to the foundry at night in handcarts.
Friends help with groceries and prescriptions.
Friends help, too.
Friends Helping Friends Make Money.
Friends helping neighbors, that is our commitment.
Friends hold a sauce-making party, followed by a spaghetti dinner.
Friends hold council.
Friends hold each other accountable.
Friends hope for the 'best' good in each other and accept the shortfalls.
Friends hope the charges stick.
Friends host dynamic literary events for students and adults.
Friends huddle as the weekend crowd disperses from the bar.
Friends hug each other.
Friends increases the audience of the series that follows it.
Friends inform officials of issues affecting libraries locally, state-wide, and nationally.
Friends insist it's a success.
Friends insist that the truth is far less sinister.
Friends involve in activities.
Friends involve others to feel what they feel.
Friends is a brilliant confirmation of that sacred formula.
Friends is a funny program with great actors and writers.
Friends is a horrible, horrible show with an occasional good one-liner.
Friends is a project-oriented body involved in a host of activities.
Friends is a teaching university -the emphasis is on the classroom.
Friends is a TV show.
Friends is about a universal experience all viewers can relate to - friendship.
Friends is about six friends who live in New York city.
Friends is about the ups and downs of relationships.
Friends is also a resource for community groups and organizations who want to do work on the River.
Friends is also a very well written show.
Friends is also available for the mentally handicapped.
Friends is an email-based discussion group for friends and supporters of newEar.
Friends is faithful to the book of the same name in letter, appearance, and wit.
Friends is friends is friends.
Friends is on.
Friends is one.
Friends is playable with up to four teams of two, the partners always start as neighbours.
Friends is pretty good too, only halfway through.
Friends is responsible for the Annual Book Sale.
Friends is run completely by volunteers.
Friends is so popular because it poses all the qualities that people enjoy.
Friends is so stupid that it's funny sometimes, but still, it really is so stupid.
Friends is supported financially by an annual direct-mail fund drive and by performing fees.
Friends is the perfect name.
Friends is the second-funniest show and has a double babe factor.
Friends is ultimately a testament to arrested development.
Friends is usually amusing.
Friends is watchable, but the others are just crap.
Friends is, admittedly, a hugely popular show.
Friends Join a small group of friends to learn together.
Friends join communities.
Friends join forces.
Friends join together on the back patio for drinks and music after dinner.
Friends just keeps getting funnier and funnier every episode.
Friends just like to spend time together.
Friends just seem to happen along.
Friends keep friends well.
Friends keep in touch over the years and come back each summer together.
Friends keep in touch via a newsletter and meet only once a year.
Friends keep in touch.
Friends kick ass .
Friends kid around as they compete to outdo each other on the art of firuletes.
Friends knelt when offering vocal prayer, and listeners stood during prayer.
Friends knock, intruders intrude.
Friends know better than to argue.
Friends know good quality.
Friends know how to make each other comfortable.
Friends know kids.
Friends know quality.
Friends know the difference between image and substance.
Friends know the longtime West Van resident as a gentle, extra generous soul.
Friends know there is no such thing as constructive criticism.
Friends last a life time, while relationships come and go.
Friends Learn more about the habits of owls.
Friends learn to curb the impulse to say bitter words in the interest of preserving the friendship.
Friends learn to take each other as they are.
Friends leave friends.
Friends lend enthusiasm, support, and ideas to . . .
Friends let's join together so that our world can be better for ever.
Friends like dolphins.
Friends like to buy from friends.
Friends like to do things together.
Friends like to share.
Friends linger longer.
Friends listen to 'Endless Love' in the dark.
Friends listen to friends.
Friends listen to grow.
Friends listen to real friends.
Friends live in cities.
Friends live there now.
Friends living outside of the U.K. can pay by cheque or cash in the currency of their own locality.
Friends look after each other.
Friends look out for friends.
Friends lose weight.
Friends love and move on.
Friends love dogs.
Friends love their country, as much as anyone else does.
Friends made here are friends for life.
Friends make a big difference.
Friends make adventures more fun.
Friends make all things bearable.
Friends make choices.
Friends make decisions.
Friends make excellent and inexpensive butlers and maids, as well as provide comic relief.
Friends make it happen.
Friends make it worth while.
Friends make life better, and the best way to have friends is to be a friend.
Friends make life more meaningful.
Friends make pretence of following to the grave.
Friends make the world go around.
Friends make the world go round.
Friends makes the perfect, reliably funny, chill-pill antidote.
Friends Making friends is an important part of growing up and is a lifelong gift.
Friends may have difficulty.
Friends meet at the community center, pool, park and tennis courts.
Friends meet during a reception in the Presidential Suite.
Friends meet in Viennese coffee houses or wine cellars.
Friends meet monthly.
Friends meet teens healthy needs for acceptance and belonging.
Friends Meet two very talented people.
Friends meet weekly for two hours with a minimum time comitment of six months.
Friends meet, buss cheeks, exclaim over fashions.
Friends meet, friends attract, friends interact, and friends confide in friends.
Friends mill about on sidewalks, in the streets.
Friends move away or for some reason they are no longer our friends.
Friends move away, couples divorce, a loved one dies.
Friends move away.
Friends move in together.
Friends need people.
Friends need services.
Friends never cheat each other, or take advantage, or lie.
Friends never take that for granted.
Friends occupy each other in an unbound contract, renegotiated at every point of contact.
Friends offer advice.
Friends offer criticism and admiration.
Friends offer good advice.
Friends offer no theological formula or creedal statement.
Friends offer specific advice.
Friends offers boxed lunches and boxed dinners to go.
Friends only count on each other.
Friends organise trips to historic houses, museums elsewhere and cities abroad.
Friends own the building.
Friends pack into booths and fill tables inside and outside along the patio.
Friends package with a portable ice cooler and candy dispenser in the dash.
Friends pair up to share books they have been reading.
Friends participate in activities throughout the year to help promote the Festival.
Friends passing through the area are welcome to visit.
Friends pay attention in conversations.
Friends pay attention to their friends, while parents often don t take the time.
Friends pay attention.
Friends pay tribute to humankind's best role models.
Friends pile on the extras .
Friends plans to run the event again next year.
Friends play a big role in shaping how a teenager's faith emerges from adolescence.
Friends play a major role in the new chapter.
Friends play a very special part in the life of an Aquarius.
Friends play an advocacy role for libraries at local, state and national levels.
Friends play an important role in a young persons life.
Friends play big roles.
Friends play roles.
Friends point out the obvious.
Friends pop up.
Friends post pictures.
Friends praise friends and give sincere compliments to friends.
Friends pray for each other, encourage each other, hold each other up and set each other straight.
Friends promise to keep secrets, yet they blab the news to the first person who'll listen.
Friends promote a better understanding of the library's facilities, needs and services.
Friends promote natural resources and conservation education at the center and in Wisconsin.
Friends prove fickle.
Friends provide a sense of security.
Friends provide collection development support for print and non-print materials.
Friends provide each other some of the career continuity once offered by lifetime employers.
Friends provide each other some of the cover continuity too.
Friends provide funds for adult and children's programs.
Friends provide library programming, author appearances, hospitality, and transportation to events.
Friends provide opportunities to view, discuss and share the visual art form.
Friends provide support and can help make school easier.
Friends provide volunteer help as requested by the librarian.
Friends provides modest funding and gifts to schools directly.
Friends provides on-going individual and group counseling and provides space for the program.
Friends publishes a quarterly newsletter .
Friends purchase special items for the library.
Friends purloin compromising letters and objet d'arte for other friends and relatives.
Friends Put up pictures from special occasions, such as parties, weddings, and graduations.
Friends puts together dinners during the festival season much appreciated by both actors and crew.
Friends rally to save victim from monster.
Friends range across the social spectrum.
Friends rank a close second, and parents are third.
Friends rave about the tuna salad.
Friends react as they do to other difficult situations.
Friends react in the same way.
Friends read and can t put down.
Friends read drafts of chapters.
Friends realize the value of a good library and how important it is to the community.
Friends really are one of the few keys to our human existence.
Friends recall times of happiness and humor.
Friends recall walking to school past rows of heads stuck on fence spikes.
Friends receive a brief embrace, a squeeze on the arm, and sometimes a kiss on the cheek.
Friends receive a newsletter and are invited to attend VCLC functions.
Friends receive a newsletter.
Friends receive invitations to special events and exhibits.
Friends receive our quarterly newsletter providing members with information on garden activities.
Friends receive priority retreats programmes, and receive newsletters twice a year.
Friends receive the main dining room from Sequoia Seminar.
Friends receive two tickets.
Friends recruit and train volunteers to assist librarians.
Friends rejoice as they see new-found life increasing within.
Friends rejoice when they make progress on the dance floor.
Friends relies on member donations to finance public policy initiatives and public opinion research.
Friends remain friends.
Friends report similar events.
Friends report that a Meeting for Worship there is a unique and moving experience.
Friends require active cultivation.
Friends reserve judgment.
Friends retire and move away.
Friends Reunited is a great way of looking up old school mates, every school in the UK is listed.
Friends reveal identities.
Friends Reveal Their Feelings.
Friends reveal true identities.
Friends ride free, pay for one lesson or tow and the second is no charge.
Friends run up with still or video cameras to record the moment for posterity.
Friends save friends.
Friends say another.
Friends say both are driven but make deals by finding common ground rather than brow- beating.
Friends say goodbye.
Friends say it s kinda funny.
Friends say it's been a long road to the altar.
Friends say it's serious.
Friends say the attacks took a toll.
Friends say the bond between the two teen-agers was formed out of loneliness.
Friends say the boy was picked on, made fun of by bigger kids.
Friends say the company is on the road with some shiny new big rigs.
Friends say the Kidds are looking for something smaller.
Friends say the relationship was an intense one.
Friends say the troubled boy's death was essentially a suicide.
Friends say the two men understand each other because of what they have been through.
Friends say there was no one issue that brought it to a head.
Friends say there was no one single argument or fight or whatever.
Friends say they already have half the money raised.
Galleries constructed by the female often encircle a branch.
Galleries contain numerous selections featuring thumbnail format.
Galleries display art, churches house congregations and kids hang from backyard tire swings.
Galleries display art.
Galleries display exhibits of culture, agriculture and costume.
Galleries display life sciences, bio geology, paleontology, and earth science.
Galleries display tribal art.
Galleries dot the city, and festivals occur on an almost weekly basis throughout the summer season.
Galleries exhibiting international and local artists are open regular daily hours.
Galleries feature different exhibits through the year from national, faculty and student artists.
Galleries give picture copies to art lovers within one week.
Galleries have (part) bases.
Galleries have (part) ceilings.
Galleries have (part) doorways.
Galleries have (part) floors.
Galleries have (part) room light.
Galleries have (part) sections.
Galleries have (part) walls.
Galleries have appearances.
Galleries have changing exhibits of contemporary and historical art of Newport and New England.
Galleries have sandpaper appearances.
Galleries here are in step with that phenomenon.
Galleries here display both the works of local artists and traveling exhibits.
Galleries maintains a gallery for each artist, with quality images of the artist's work.
Galleries mingle with little cafes and inns.
Galleries occur underneath the bark.
Galleries offer a rich selection of traditional and Avant-garde painting, sculpture and mixed media.
Galleries offer contemporary, Western and Indian artworks.
Galleries offer wine and nibbles along with art to ponder and purchase.
Galleries open through intermission on performance evenings.
Galleries provide the remainder.
Galleries publishes the end products of teaching and learning.
Galleries pump out endless repeats, threatening the very existence of creativity on the net.
Galleries seem to attract people with a taste for cheap wine.
Galleries sell Haitian art, and restaurants serve some of the best French cuisine in the country.
Galleries show images.
Galleries slightly etch the sapwood, hence the common name, engraver beetle.
Galleries start to be more dandified.
Galleries stock everything from unique artworks to 'artistically designed' dresses and plates.
Galleries structurally weaken the tree and interrupt the flow of water from the roots to the leaves.
Galleries submit here to get listed at no charge.
Galleries Welcome to the student artwork page.
Galleries work on varying commissions.
Gallery accepts all forms of payment including all major credit cards.
Gallery aims to capture life on film and canvas and more.
Gallery also offers a description of technique, picture size, dates and price list.
Gallery calls pnmscale to rescale.
Gallery Check out some cool surfing shots from around the world.
Gallery contains examples of code with the output graphics.
Gallery contains five modern primate crania, and five fossil crania.
Gallery contains photographs and pictures from club meets and events.
Gallery contains photos of model in below banner.
Gallery contains student projects of past semesters.
Gallery controls a broad range of annual broadleaf weeds, but has no activity on grasses.
Gallery controls a wide spectrum of winter annual, summer annual, and perennial weeds.
Gallery crawls held several times a year offer visitors an open house of the arts.
Gallery displays our members' prize-winning work from previous years.
Gallery does what they say they are going to do.
Gallery features art works, sorted by title, artist, date and program.
Gallery features asian stars and artists.
Gallery features changing exhibits.
Gallery features exhibitions from local, regional, and national artists.
Gallery features ongoing art exhibits.
Gallery features original works and quality reproductions.
Gallery features the talent of select photographers on a monthly basis.
Gallery features the works of Canadian artists.
Gallery features works of Chinese and Filipino professional artists.
Gallery find out about some of the world's leading cross stitch designers and artists.
Gallery focuses on the themes of human struggle as reflected in nature.
Gallery forests Forests along rivers.
Gallery hopping a century ago Give the guy a break, then, for a moment.
Gallery includes an eclectic selection of handcrafted contemporary gift items.
Gallery includes information and pictures of tattoos and piercings.
Gallery includes many examples of the artist's work in both black and white and color etching.
Gallery includes photos featuring Moscow, people, nature, and more.
Gallery includes stone sculpture, ceramics, drawings, paintings, and multi-media artwork.
Gallery is a brand-new museum of the works of one of Taiwan's most original sculptors.
Gallery is a far from neutral word, describing a far from neutral space.
Gallery is a photo collection of the stars as they appeared in the series.
Gallery is a pre-emergent herbicide that can be used before germination early next spring.
Gallery is a program for analyzing images.
Gallery is a simple logical game.
Gallery is a student-run gallery.
Gallery is a variety of art experiences for the young and the young at heart.
Gallery is finally open, much more to come. . .
Gallery is free and open to the public.
Gallery is free, events vary.
Gallery is free.
Gallery is fully accessible to disabled visitors.
Gallery is in a secure enviroment.
Gallery is in New Orleans, LA narrative video images of immense power.
Gallery is in the background.
Gallery is indexed by location and subject.
Gallery is on right at next intersection.
Gallery is on the corner.
Gallery is on the third floor.
Gallery is open during regular school hours.
Gallery is open for exhibitions by spiritual artists.
Gallery is open to all.
Gallery is open to the public while the artists work.
Gallery is renovated regularly.
Gallery is set up in a series of grouped photographs showing dress lines with back view.
Gallery is so so.
Gallery is to show the previous work.
Gallery is updated monthly with new work.
Gallery isa room.
Gallery lives up to what they advertise.
Gallery needs artists who want to exhibit their works.
Gallery now displays new pictures first.
Gallery offers an informative monthly newsletter.
Gallery open six days a week.
Gallery presents a variety of examples.
Gallery prevents crabgrass and many broadleaf weeds.
Gallery receives good traffic.
Gallery represents modern talented painters and photographers well.
Gallery represents modern talented painters and photographers.
Gallery represents national and international artists.
Gallery runs from plaster line to back wall.
Gallery runs up and down, parallel to the the wood grain.
Gallery sells and delivers.
Gallery showcases a diversity of media and artists.
Gallery showcases artists of Georgia.
Gallery shows change approximately every three months.
Gallery shows change throughout the year.
Gallery shows major art exhibits from public and private collections.
Gallery stays open one hour later on Thursdays.
Gallery strives to offer only the finest products at a reasonable price.
Gallery updates monthly .
Gallery walk with hors d'oeuvres from downtown restaurants.
Gallery wander through our collection of embroidered pashmina shawls.
Gallery wander through our collection.
Galleries often have layaway plans which allow collectors to pay for the art over time.
Galleries often like to promote local art.
Galleries often respond to the rhythms of the summer with shows that reflect on lightness and color.
All galleries are accessible by wheelchair.
All galleries are barrier-free.
All galleries are completely searchable by artist, specialty and location.
All galleries are of the hardcore nature and much more intimate in their member s section.
All galleries are open to the public.
All galleries are wheelchair accessible.
All galleries are wheelchair-accessible.
All galleries feature professional, faculty and student work.
All galleries have barrier free access.
All galleries have barrier-free access.
All galleries here are series galleries.
All galleries now use includes for navigation.
Every gallery has it's own menu bar at the left side of the screen.
Every gallery is free xxx passwords.
Many galleries also sell the works of nationally recognized artists.
Many galleries feature an annual exhibition schedule.
Many galleries feature fine jewelry, handmade by local goldsmiths and craftsmen.
Many galleries have exhibitions open to the public.
Many galleries have their own sites.
Many galleries make the mistake of simple display.
Many galleries offer a return for credit policy but make sure.
Many galleries offer interior design service and all provide nationwide shipping.
Many galleries provide detailed certificates of authenticity for the artists that they represent.
Most galleries add a step to the process by having to contact the artist to sign releases.
Most galleries are either pricey, intimidating or just plain junky.
Most galleries display art.
Most galleries employ sales people with very limited, if any, fine art background.
Most galleries feature special events in their gallery during the art affair.
Most galleries have appearances.
Most galleries have sandpaper appearances.
Most galleries here represent either deceased artists or local contemporary artists.
Most galleries hold special receptions for new exhibitions.
Most galleries show images.
Most galleries specialize in certain styles or periods.
Some galleries also carry books in their specialties.
Some galleries are still under development.
Some galleries carry well known contemporary, modern or nineteenth century paintings.
Some Galleries contain nudity.
Some galleries contain photographs.
Some galleries create prints of artists' work for sale by the gallery.
Some galleries double the prices immediately.
Some galleries have more of an obvious concern for buying and selling.
Some galleries offer contracts, others do it on an handshake.
Some galleries prefer to show it in the back room.
Some galleries reach beyond Milwaukee by selling over the Internet.
Galley space includes an icebox and alcohol stove.
A galley is a kitchen
Galleys are a form of insider information.
Galleys are kitchens.
Galleys are located in boats.
Galleys are part of airliners.
Galleys are part of ships.
Galleys are ships.
Galleys are space-efficient and well equipped to please the most exacting gourmet.
Galleys are vessels.
Galleys have the very best fittings and fixtures.
Galleys provide sinks, multi-burner stoves, and both ice boxes and refrigerators.
Galleys provide sinks, two burner stoves, and ice boxes instead of refrigerators.
Galleys require fourteen pirates or sailors to row the ship.
Gallilean thermometers do have drawbacks.
A gallinule is a bird
Gallinule isa bird.
Gallinules are excellent swimmers but poor fliers.
Gallinules are noisy and inquisitive birds, less furtive in their actions than most rails.
Gallinules build their nests on rough platforms of reeds and grasses in marshes.
Gallinules can fly and swim, but prefer to dash into thick weeds to escape their enemies.
Gallinules have (part) air sacs.
Gallinules have (part) bird's feet.
Gallinules have (part) brains.
Gallinules have (part) breasts.
Gallinules have (part) cell membranes.
Gallinules have (part) cells.
Gallinules have (part) chest cavities.
Gallinules have (part) chests.
Gallinules have (part) corpi.
Gallinules have (part) cytoplasm.
Gallinules have (part) ears.
Gallinules have (part) faces.
Gallinules have (part) flight feathers.
Gallinules have (part) heads.
Gallinules have (part) lips.
Gallinules have (part) mouths.
Gallinules have (part) nuclei.
Gallinules have (part) plasma membranes.
Gallinules have (part) quill feathers.
Gallinules have (part) rib cages.
Gallinules have (part) second joints.
Gallinules have (part) sections.
Gallinules have (part) skulls.
Gallinules have (part) sterna.
Gallinules have (part) talons.
Gallinules have (part) vacuoles.
Gallinules have (part) wishbones.
Gallinules have eyes.
Gallinules have green plumages.
Gallinules have plumages.
Gallinules have toes.
Gallinules manage to migrate great distances in spite of a feeble-appearing flight.
Gallinules moult all flight feathers simultaneously.
Gallinules remain concealed most of the time in marsh grasses.
Most gallinules have eyes.
Most gallinules have green plumages.
Most gallinules have plumages.
Most gallinules have toes.
Some gallinules have birds.
Some gallinules have bones.
Some gallinules have breeds.
Some gallinules have wing birds.
Gallipoli campaign begins.
Gallium arsenide can replace silicon in the manufacture of linear ICs and digital ICs.
Gallium arsenide can substitute for indium phosphide in solar cells and semiconductor applications.
Gallium arsenide has many of the properties of a semiconductor.
Gallium arsenide has much greater mobility than silicon.
Gallium arsenide has one big advantage over silicon, another element used in transistors.
Gallium arsenide has the ability to convert an electrical current directly into light.
Gallium arsenide is a gray solid .
Gallium arsenide is a gray solid.
Gallium arsenide is by no means a new technology and is a highly competitive business.
Gallium arsenide is capable of converting electricity directly into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is more efficient.
Gallium arsenide is notably tougher and more efficient.
Gallium arsenide is the semiconductor most commonly used.
Gallium arsenide is tricky to work with, but it has a huge upside.
Gallium arsenide is used as a laser material that changes electricity directly into light.
Gallium arsenide is used as a laser material to convert electricity directly into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is used in a variety of optoelectronic infrared devices.
Gallium arsenide is used in lasers that convert electricity into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is used in lasers which convert electricity into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is used in the production of transistors.
Gallium arsenide is used to convert electricity into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is used to produce ultra-brite blue LEDs.
Gallium arsenide offers comparable hole mobility, but lower breakdown fields.
Gallium arsenide produces less heat.
Gallium arsenides are chemical compounds.
Gallium scans are non-specific.
Gallium trichloride is formed by the reaction of gallium metal with chlorine gas.
Gallium arsenide digital integrated circuit design.
Gallium expands as it freezes like water.
Gallium forms a very reflective surface on glass making an excellent mirror.
Gallium interferes with the conversion itself and causes chemical problems when the MOx is used.
Gallium is chemical elements.
Gallium is metal
Gallium is metallic elements.
Gallium occurs in a trace amount in bauxite and zinc ores.
Gallium reacts with the chalcogens only at relatively high temperatures.
Gallium readilyalloys with most metals, and has been used as a component in low-melting alloys.
Gallium results in an inordinate delay to diagnosis and a larger radiation exposure.
Gallium wets glass and porcelain, forming a brilliant mirror finish on glass.
Gallium wets glass or porcelain and forms a brilliant mirror when it is painted on glass.
Gallium wets glass or porcelain, and forms a brilliant mirror when it is painted on glass.
Gallium wets glass or porcelain, and forms a brilliant mirror when painted on glass.
Most gallium produced today is used in electronics.
Gallon plastic milk containers have bottoms.
A gallon is an unit
Gallon Can For artwork, layouts, mounting photos.
Gallon isa unit.
Gallons are a measure of volume.
Gallons are available in ultra clear and frosted jugs.
Gallons are equivalent to a case.
Gallons are part of barrels.
Gallons are used to describe liquid volumes.
Gallons have (part) pints.
Gallons have (part) quarts.
A gallop is a gait
Gallop sounds can wax and wane with respiration.
Gallops has picnic areas, hiking paths, scenic views and a swimming beach.
Gallstone disease is one of the most common gastroenterological disorders.
Gallstone disease is relatively rare in children.
A gallstone is a calculus
Gallstones affect all races, but are more prevalent in some populations.
Gallstones also become a real problem from the excessive fats.
Gallstones are a common cause of cholecystitis.
Gallstones are a common occurrence in our society.
Gallstones are a good example.
Gallstones are a major health problem.
Gallstones are a mixture of compounds, but typically they are mostly cholesterol.
Gallstones are about half as frequent in vegetarians as in meat eaters.
Gallstones are also much less prevalent in vegetarians.
Gallstones are always abnormal, and they're taken out.
Gallstones are by far the most important risk factor for gallbladder cancer.
Gallstones are calculuses.
Gallstones are cholesterol crystals or pigment material that form in the gall bladder.
Gallstones are clumps of cholesterol and other matter that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are clumps of solid material that form in the bile stored in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are clumps of solid material that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are common among obese patients who lose weight rapidly after gastric bypass surgery .
Gallstones are common among obese patients who lose weight rapidly after gastric bypass surgery.
Gallstones are common among overweight and obese persons.
Gallstones are common in the United States.
Gallstones are common, especially in women, the elderly and overweight individuals.
Gallstones are crystalline structures, formed by gradual accretion of components of bile.
Gallstones are crystals that form from excess cholesterol or bilirubin.
Gallstones are crystals that have collected in the gallbladder or bile ducts.
Gallstones are diseases.
Gallstones are extremely common .
Gallstones are extremely common, but cause no problems for most people.
Gallstones are frequently multiple.
Gallstones are hard deposits of cholesterol or bile salts that develop in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are illnesses.
Gallstones are like tiny rocks that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are lumps composed mainly of cholesterol.
Gallstones are lumps of rock-like material that form inside the gallbladder.
Gallstones are lumps of solid material that form within the gallbladder.
Gallstones are made from cholesterol and other things found in the bile.
Gallstones are more common in women than in men and increase in incidence in both sexes with aging.
Gallstones are most common among overweight, middle-aged women.
Gallstones are most common in older women, but gallbladder cancer is more common in men.
Gallstones are most likely to occur within the first few months after surgery.
Gallstones are often varied in color and size.
Gallstones are one of the most common disorders of the gastrointestinal tract.
Gallstones are one of the most medically important complications of voluntary weight loss.
Gallstones are one of the most significant complications of voluntary rapid weight loss.
Gallstones are pieces of hard solid matter in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are pieces of solid material that form in the gallbladder .
Gallstones are pieces of solid material that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are small rocks or crystals that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are solid crystals made of either cholesterol or bilirubin, a pigment material.
Gallstones are solid stones formed in the gallbladder from cholesterol, bile salts and calcium.
Gallstones are stones that form in the gallbladder .
Gallstones are the most common disease in the biliary system in western countries.
Gallstones are the most common gallbladder problem.
Gallstones are the most common of all gallbladder problems.
Gallstones are uncommon in slim, moderate drinkers and in vegetarians.
Gallstones are very common.
Gallstones become more common with age in both sexes.
Gallstones build up from chemicals in the bile, usually cholesterol.
Gallstones can also form due to low levels of bile acids and bile lecithin.
Gallstones can be as small as a grain of sand or as large as a golf ball.
Gallstones can be completely asymptomatic.
Gallstones can be difficult to detect because of their location behind the liver.
Gallstones can be extremely painful and symptoms are often brought on by eating a fried, fatty meal.
Gallstones can cause inflammation of the pancreas and liver, causing jaundice.
Gallstones can cause serious problems if they become trapped in the bile ducts.
Gallstones can cause severe abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting.
Gallstones can cause upper abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, heartburn and back pain.
Gallstones can form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones can range from a few millimeters to several centimeters in diameter.
Gallstones can vary in size.
Gallstones cause pain.
Gallstones commonly form in the gallbladder .
Gallstones compose a solid formation of cholesterol and bile salts.
Gallstones develop in many people without causing symptoms.
Gallstones develop in the gallbladder from crystals of either cholesterol or bilirubin.
Gallstones develop when something happens to upset the balance of chemicals in the bile.
Gallstones develop when the chemical composition of the bile is upset in some way.
Gallstones form in the gall bladder located near the liver, and kidney stones form in the kidney.
Gallstones form in the gallbladder when cholesterol or pigments crystallize out of the bile.
Gallstones form when liquid stored in the gallbladder hardens into pieces of stone-like material.
Gallstones happen because bile is a tricky liquid.
Gallstones necessitate nearly all gallbladder removal surgery.
Gallstones occur in children and adults with increasing frequency with age.
Gallstones occur more often in people who have high cholesterol levels or diabetes.
Gallstones occur more often in women and the elderly.
Gallstones occur much more frequently in women than in men.
Gallstones occur three times more often in overweight individuals.
Gallstones range in size from as small as a grain of sand to as large as a golf ball.
Gallstones return in a majority of patients who pursue dissolution treatments.
Gallstones tend to run in families.
Gallstones vary in size and number.
Gallstones often form in persons with cirrhosis.
Gallstones sometimes form within the concentrated bile.
Gallstones usually lie in the most dependent part of gallbladder.
Gallstones usually return when medication is stopped.
Gallstones usually show up as dark spots against a bright background.
Most gallstones are clinically silent.
Most gallstones are composed primarily of cholesterol, others contain bile pigment or calcium.
Every gift is guaranteed to please.
Every gift is hand made and hand packaged.
Every gift is important and makes a difference in each student's educational experience.
Every gift is important and makes an impact.
Every gift is important because each one builds participation.
Every gift is important because it directly affects the overall participation rate.
Every gift is important to our mission of saving manatees.
Every gift is important, no matter the size because it helps increase alumni giving percentages.
Every gift is important, no matter what the size.
Every gift is important.
Every gift is intended to be exercised and developed.
Every gift is needed and every gift is valued.
Every gift is needed and sincerely appreciated whatever the size.
Every gift is of value.
Every gift is tax deductible and the donor receives an acknowledgement.
Every gift is tax deductible and the donor receives an acknowledgment.
Every gift is tax-deductible and can be made in installments.
Every gift is tax-deductible and the donor of the gift receives an acknowledgment.
Every gift is tax-deductible.
Every gift makes a big difference.
Every gift makes a difference in increasing our participation rate.
Every gift makes a difference, and ongoing support from our donors is critical.
Every gift makes a difference.
Every Gift Makes a Difference.
Every gift plays an important part in the success of the Orchestra's far-reaching programs.
Every gift remains vitally important to the quality of school life for the students.
Every gift truly does make a difference.
Many gifts also result in tax savings and increased income flow.
Many gifts are handcrafted to assure quality and care.
Many gifts are handmade or hand finished therefore creating a unique gift or collectors' item.
Many gifts are homemade and celebrate African traditions.
Many gifts can be special ordered and engraved.
Many gifts please the girl.
More gifts arrive.
More gifts await other passengers who arrive on the big day.
Most gifts allow the donor to realize a tax benefit.
Most gifts are engravable and as always, gift wrapping is complimentary .
Most gifts are for close friends or family members and are personal in most cases.
Most gifts are for donor-determined designations.
Most gifts are like seeds.
Most gifts are material things.
Most gifts are new.
Most gifts break or wear out shortly after a person opens it.
Most gifts come from private citizens.
Most gifts cost a lot of money.
Most gifts involve monographs, back runs of series, sponsored subscriptions or money.
Most gifts lose value over time.
Most gifts provide a current charitable income tax deduction.
Some gifts are bad.
Some gifts are fairly easy.
Some gifts are far more trouble than they are worth.
Some gifts are for today.
Some gifts are invaluable and forever set our courses.
Some gifts are more frequent than others.
Some gifts are more popular and snapped quickly by other customers.
Some gifts are priceless.
Some gifts are still in the probate process.
Some gifts are undesirable due to legal or ethical considerations.
Some gifts break, wear out, or are placed on a shelf, in a drawer and eventually forgotten.
Some gifts come in decorated gift boxes.
Some gifts come out of the Earth.
Some gifts do keep giving.
Some gifts give forever.
Some gifts give pleasure in their message Through a significant name or a phrase.
Some gifts give pleasure in their use Through some pleasant emotion they raise.
Some gifts give pleasure to the touch The fingers and hands tell so much.
Some gifts keep on giving, and some keep on costing.
Some gifts provide lifetime income through charitable remainder trusts and gift annuities.
Some gifts remain, but gifts such as miracles and healing ended after the church was born.
Some gifts take dads to even more unusual destinations.
Gifted children are above average in height, weight, and physical development.
Gifted children are advanced in technical skills, prefer themes, and have long visual memories.
Gifted children are at least as varied as any other group of children.
Gifted children are different.
Gifted children are easy to raise and a welcome addition to any classroom.
Gifted children are expensive and time-consuming.
Gifted children are less successful in later life.
Gifted children are more likely to be introverted than other children.
Gifted children are most successful in later life.
Gifted children are often capable of complex concrete reasoning.
Gifted children are often intensely, even passionately, curious about certain topics.
Gifted children are one such group.
Gifted children are physically weak and sickly.
Gifted children are precious.
Gifted children are problem solvers.
Gifted children are sometimes impatient with conventional situations.
Gifted children are still children.
Gifted children are usually markedly different from their peers.
Gifted children are usually perfectionists.
Gifted children are very adaptable, particularly girls.
Gifted children can also have their problems and social difficulties.
Gifted children can also use it because the progression is built in and is easy to follow.
Gifted children can be just as tough to deal with as a child with academic or social problems.
Gifted children can learn at an accelerated pace.
Gifted children come from all racial, ethnic, and economic backgrounds.
Gifted children grow up even better with imperfect parents than with perfect ones.
Gifted children have longer periods of concentration than average students.
Gifted children have special needs, both academic and social.
Gifted children know how to argue.
Gifted children learn differently from other children.
Gifted children make more environmental stimulation and activity demands on their parents.
Gifted children occupy a large band of atypical ability and talent.
Gifted children perform at their own accelerated pace.
Gifted children question answers.
Gifted children require different and more flexible educational experiences.
Gifted children tackle adult issues.
Gifted children talk about school, friends, families and the future.
Gifted children tend to be very sensitive to the expectations of their parents and teachers.
Gifted children tend to push the envelope.
Gifted children tend to think differently and learn more quickly than their peers.
Gifted children view their emotional needs.
All gifted children are special because of their intellectual abilities.
Any gifted child can potentially get in real trouble because of the way they are handled.
Many gifted children are voracious readers.
Many gifted children have to constantly monitor what they say and do in order to fit in with peers.
Many gifted children refuse services because they want to be with their friends.
More gifted children come from higher socioeconomic levels.
More gifted children come from the upper socioeconomic levels.
Some gifted children become perfectionists.
Some gifted children prefer to have explicit answers to specific questions.
Gifted education is essential because giftedness creates unique educational needs.
Gifted education is handled separately .
Gifted education is handled separately.
Gifted education is instruction and accountability commensurate with a student's ability to learn.
Gifted education needs to be a piece of total school reform efforts.
Gifted employees strive for success and pave the future for the company.
Gifted Girls are another, unique, at-risk gifted population.
Gifted girls are far less interested in traditional girls' play than unselected girls are.
Many gifted girls drop out of gifted programs in middle school to avoid pressure and role conflict.
Gifted individuals can progress while taking advantage of the existing educational system.
Some gifted individuals achieve marginal scholastic records.
Some gifted individuals are almost painfully perceptive and sensitive.
Some gifted individuals have mediocre scholastic records.
Some gifted individuals make mediocre scholastic records.
Gifted kids are emotionally unstable and social misfits.
Gifted kids are enthusiastic about school and academic work.
Gifted kids are self-directed, they know where they are heading.
Gifted kids are smart enough to learn by themselves.
Gifted kids are usually from upper middle class professional families.
Gifted kids do.
Gifted kids find it especially difficult to manage their time.
Gifted kids speak out.
Gifted kids tend to be physically weak and unhealthy.
Most gifted kids are very sensitive to family expectations.
Most Gifted kids love to read and they like the best.
Gifted people are clumsy, physically inept, and narrow in outlook.
Gifted people ask provocative, speculative, and hypothetical questions.
Gifted people working in perfume laboratories have extremely well developed smell organs.
Gifted psychics provide free online psychic readings.
Gifted robot wants to become more human.
Most gifted services begin in the upper elementary grades.
Many gifted songwriters are at best marginal singers.
Gifted students are a heterogeneous group.
Gifted students are a precious resource.
Gifted students are asynchronous.
Gifted students are complex thinkers, able to argue both sides of the coin, convincingly.
Gifted students are definitely students with special needs.
Gifted students are exceptional in their ability to grasp abstract concepts, symbols, and ideas.
Gifted students are frequently emotionally unstable.
Gifted students are more alike than different.
Gifted students are nerds and social isolates.
Gifted students are second only to gifted colleagues in the research reservoirs of a scholar.
Gifted students are subject to the same disciplinary process as regular grade students.
Gifted students are, after all, by no means a homogeneous group.
Gifted students can accomplish anything they put their minds to.
Gifted students can benefit from responding to poetry in both aesthetic and academic manners.
Gifted students can develop an awareness of global perspectives on current or important issues.
Gifted students can expand into using combinations of eighth notes and rests.
Gifted students can find the more-challenging classes they crave.
Gifted students can have more than one identification.
Gifted students can race ahead at their own speed.
Gifted students can utilize the information available as part of a multi-media presentation.
Gifted students can walk a tightrope balancing their academic, social, and emotional needs.
Gifted students exhibit outstanding potential compared to age-mates.
Gifted students find it validating to be among peers who share their own excitement and skill level.
Gifted students have strong aesthetic interests.
Gifted students have supplemental opportunities to achieve to their fullest potential .
Gifted students have the opportunity to participate in enrichment activities in the classroom.
Gifted students have the right to acknowledge, accept and enjoy their abilities and limitations.
Gifted students like to find and discover the meaning of ideas and concepts.
Gifted students make everyone else smarter.
Gifted students meet with visiting scholars in new North Carolina program.
Gifted students participate in inquiry classes.
Gifted students plan an additional day of career shadowing.
Gifted students receive French instruction.
Gifted students talk about cooperative learning.
Gifted students use videotapes to satisfy their fast-paced interest.
Many gifted students have a difficult time with open-ended questions.
Many gifted students score in the top percentiles of traditional grade level tests.
Most gifted students develop ways of coping with pressures to conform.
Most gifted students have uneven profiles of accomplishment.
Some gifted students make mediocre scholastic records.
Some gifted students resent their own giftedness.
Gifted teachers are important to the development of their students minds.
Gifted teachers stitch up the wounds of the hurting student by their love, kindness and care.
Gifted teachers tend to do less talking.
Gifted teachers travel to equip leaders with good Bible based teaching.
Gifted women get the message and go elsewhere.
Gifted women have to learn to work with their fears.
Gifted women receive mixed, often confusing, messages - even from loving parents.
Some gifted women disappear into the woodwork.
Gifted writers are like literary marksmen.
Some gifted writers can get away with it, but the majority of it is pure garbage.
Gifted youngsters can be as creative and imaginative as they like.
Many gifted youngsters believe they are loved for their grades, honors, and special abilities.
Gifts certificates are a wonderful way to give a unique gift to a friend, associate or loved one.
Giftwrapping ribbons bows activity gifts gift vouchers gift certificates.
A gig is a small boat
GIGs Are Accessible.
Gigs are carriage.
Gigs are engagements.
Gigs are fun with it.
Gigs are hard to get.
Gigs are hooks.
Gigs are part of fishing gear.
Gigs are small boats.
Gigs are sparse and timidly publicized.
GIGs are still our main course of action.
Gigs are tenders.
Gigs come and go.
Gigs happen all year long, and some bands tour around world frequently.
All gigs are free.
All gigs are in UK unless otherwise stated.
Every gig counts, no matter how poorly it pays.
Every gig is a party.
Every gig's a party.
Many gigs are already on the books.
More gigs equal more punters, equals audience development in a simple sort of frame.
Most gigs are free.
Giga pets suck.
Giga publications are generally available only to subscribers.
Gigabit ethernet is operational, there are two routers and it is fully redundant.
Gigabit ethernet uses four wires for transmission .
Gigabit ethernet uses four wires for transmission.
A gigabit is an unit
Gigabit interfaces depending on network configuration requirements.
Gigabit products a plus.
Gigabit refers to the amount of freight that can be shipped.
Gigabit uplinks to the backbone.
Gigabits refers to the amount of data that can be transferred over the cables.
A gigabyte is an unit
Gigabytes are the current largest measurement being used on computers.
Gigantic Animal Remains .
Gigantic avalanches can originate by the structural collapse of a composite volcanoes.
Gigantic blackboards loom overhead in the distance.
Gigantic boulders bulge out of the lake and form large uninhabited islands.
Gigantic buildings create unusual conditions and unique problems in downtown areas.
Most gigantic cacti grow in deserts.
Gigantic cacti grow in deserts.
Gigantic celebrations call for elaborate planning.
Gigantic columns define the entrance loggia with a coffered ceiling.
Gigantic dinosaurs exist side by side with huge mammals long extinct in the outer world.
Gigantic flocks undulate through the air, stretching and retracting like giant amoebae.
Gigantic houses eat up materials as well as land.
Gigantic job follows.
Gigantic mammals move sources.
Most gigantic mammals move sources.
Gigantic maps have a number of interesting effects and one drawback.
Gigantic reptiles roam earth.
Gigantic structures challenge standard view of cosmic evolution.
Gigantic submarines plow the oceans in the service of a planet-wide trading network.
Gigantic waves roll to the bay almost over the whole year.
A gigantism is dysplasia
Gigantism is caused by an over secretion of the growth hormone produced by the pituitary gland.
Gigantism is caused by excessive secretion of during childhood.
Gigantism is extremely rare.
Gigantism is rare, and accompanies growth hormone secreting pituitary neoplasms.
Gigantism is usually a disadvantage for bacteria.
Gigantism isa abnormality.
Gigantism occurs before puberty and is caused by oversecretion of growth hormone.
Gigantisms are diseases.
A giggle is a laugh
Giggles also operates a clown college so others can learn the art of clowning.
Giggles are as contagious as a viral disease.
Giggles are contagious.
Giggles are laughs.
Giggles burst forth.
Giggles come from one angle, plaintive queries from another.
Giggles emanate from the crowd, and the band slides back into more music.
Giggles erupt from inside the rock structure.
Giggles is now available as a face painter and balloonologist.
Giggles seem to be floating around the lecture hall.
Gigglings are laughings.
Gila monsters are carnivores who seem to rely more on taste and smell to hunt than on vision.
Gila monsters are deceptive.
Gila monsters are nocturnal and are one of only two known venomous lizards.
Gila monsters are one of only two venomous lizard species in the world.
Gila monsters are reptiles.
Gila monsters are reptiles.
Gila monsters are the largest lizards native to North America, but they're less than two feet long.
Gila monsters have a home range of about one square mile.
Gila monsters have the well-earned reputation of delivering a tenacious bite.
Gila monsters live in an arid habitat with some vegetation.
Gila monsters seem to have a loose social structure and occasionally share shelters.
Gila woodpeckers are omnivores, feeding on insects, nectar, fruits and berries, and invertebrates.
A gilbert is an emu
Gilberts has an awesome breakfast menu, any one of their combos are delicious.
Gilboa soils have silt loam and silty clay loam in the upper part of the series control section.
Gilded mosaics embellish the simple inner lines of the church's domed ceiling.
A gilder is a skilled worker
Gilder does deliver a good sermon.
Gilder does go further than most in picking champions.
Gilder is just the warm-up act.
Gilder is no novice as regards arctic traveling.
Gilder is pure technology.
Gilder is to speak first.
Gilder now speaks of a telecosm, the increased power of computing that comes from networking.
Gilders are skilled workers.
Some gilders polish the bole with agate burnishers as an alternative to using the bristle brush.
Gilding calls for damp and rainy weather.
Gilding greatly extends the life of the cards.
Gilding is a coat
Gilding is an art.
Gilding is the adornment of a surface with gold or metal leaf.
Gilding always seems to be weak point in restoration.
Most gilding is done on historical statuary or domes that are difficult to maintain.
A gill arch is a structure
Gill arches are cartilage supports underlying the gills.
Gill color is also an excellent indication of freshness.
Gill cover has a black lining and there is no barbel.
Gill filaments are the feather-like projections of the gills across which diffusion of gases occurs.
Gill filaments occur on branchial arch three.
Any GILL information is appreciated.
Gill net is fishing net
Gill net is fishnets.
Gill nets are a clean fishery.
Gill nets are non-discriminating, they catch big salmon.
Gill nets pose a threat to conservation as indigenous and scarce fish species are targeted.
Gill netting is believed to be the single greatest threat.
Gill netting is now against the law in most areas.
Gill openings are ventral in all rays.
Gill passages appear, as in birds and mammals, only in the embryo.
A gill slit is a structure
Gill slits are narrow opening on either side of the sharks body.
Gill slits are very large, modified internally into filtering screens.
Some gill slits are supported by bars.
Gill tissue is the most permeable of the tissues.
A gill is an unit
Gill adapts to a wide range of conditions.
Gill cover with a blue spot, no vertical bars, and brown spots on scales looking like rows of dots.
Gill isa organ.
Gill plumes white each with a reddish rachis.
Gill slits allow water to pass into the chambers, which helps break down the food even more.
Gill slits are, at some stage of life, found in all chordates.
Gill slits develop into gills in fish and into ears of mammals.
Gill slits form gills in fish.
Gill slits present, but difficult to detect.
Gill slits present.
Gill slits, eyes and mouths come into focus.
Gill tufts on on lower half of body.
Gills absorb dissolved gasses from water.
Gills act as lungs.
Gills also begin to develop.
Gills also excretory in some species.
Gills also give off carbon dioxide.
Gills appear redder than normal, and the gill covers, stand out so that the gills are visible.
Gills appear striated or marbled with the pale areas representing infected and dying tissue.
Gills are also common in certain land animals, such as spiders and scorpions.
Gills are average sized, with a lot of little ones.
Gills are body parts.
Gills are both off of the body and off of limbs.
Gills are chracteristic of many aquatic animals, include fish, aquatic insects, and mollusks.
Gills are delicate and full of blood vessels.
Gills are designed to function in water, lungs in air.
Gills are feathery organs full of blood vessels.
Gills are free or nearly attached, crowded, broad to narrow, whitish.
Gills are free or slightly attached, crowded, broad, whitish.
Gills are free to crowded, moderately broad and white.
Gills are free to slightly attached, crowded, broad to narrow, and white.
Gills are highly branched and folded to provide a large surface area for gas exchange.
Gills are like a filter they keep the water in and keep the germs out.
Gills are located posterior to the heart.
Gills are made of filaments which help increase surface area for oxygen exchange.
Gills are mixed in with the crappie.
Gills are more efficient with greater surface area.
Gills are much more complex than just a slit in the cheeks of a fish.
Gills are normally low in carbon dioxide and high in oxygen.
Gills are often visible along the abdomen.
Gills are only one pair.
Gills are out-foldings of the body surface that are suspended in the water.
Gills are paired, filibranchs and used for respiration as well as filter feeding.
Gills are pale and thickened, with gray clumps of mucus.
Gills are part of cups.
Gills are present on either side of the head and are supplied by rich blood vessels.
Gills are present, at least during some early stages of development.
Gills are red and free from slime.
Gills are respiratory organs in most animals that breathe under water.
Gills are respiratory organs that absorb oxygen from water as it flows over the gill surface.
Gills are retained for a few days after hatching.
Gills are retained throughout life.
Gills are right off the rocks and crappie are on the weed edges.
Gills are solid objects.
Gills are the exchange point.
Gills are the only specialized portion.
Gills are the respiratory organs for fishes.
Gills are therefore very efficient at absorbing oxygen from water.
Gills are tissues which consist of threadlike protein structures called filaments .
Gills are used to exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide in respiration.
Gills are very effective at their jobs.
Gills are very large and well spaced.
Goslings begin communicating with their parents while still in the egg.
Goslings can swim and dive without being taught and can fly when they are two months old.
Goslings eat many insects as a supply of protein for rapid body growth.
Goslings know to follow the adult goose.
Goslings leave the nest within a day or two but remain flightless for ten weeks.
Goslings live with their parents until about a year, when they mate.
Goslings swim with their webbed feet.
All goslings have black or blue-gray bills and legs and become darker as juveniles and adults.
Gospel artists believe their music has the power to do more than simply entertain.
Gospel blues are a blend of sacred texts and blues tunes.
Gospel choirs are places of life and havens of grace.
Gospel light enters their hearts and changes their lives.
Gospel meetings are a thing of the past with many churches.
Gospel music is a free express.
Gospel music is a major part of black history.
Gospel music is a ministry.
Gospel music is a part of that history.
Gospel music is another very popular style of singing.
Gospel music is inspirational music.
Gospel music is music.
Gospel music is one of the most vibrant and complex music forms in the world.
Gospel music is part of bluegrass.
Gospel music is performed in concert halls and on outdoor stages as well as in churches.
Gospel music is probably the strongest traditional form of music among both blacks and whites.
Gospel music is the country's fastest growing musical genre.
Gospel music is written in close harmony with the melody line.
Gospel music means good news.
Gospel outreach supports workers in the mysterious country of Egypt.
Gospel principles teach honesty, faithfulness, peace, patience and service to others.
Gospel singers celebrate in downtown Jackson.
A gospel singing is folk music
Gospel singing is freedom.
Gospel writers want facts.
A gospel is truth
Gospel does that.
Gospel has drums, and organs playing, and bass guitars, and it's very rhythmic.
Gospel helps churches improve eating habits.
Gospel is so high, releasing, rejuvenating.
Gospel is the first Moscow printed book.
Gospel is the plan given to mankind to be rescued.
Gospel is the route to all our music.
Gospel is the truth, it's life.
Gospel is the way of faith.
Gospel isa doctrine.
Gospel literally means good news.
Gospel means good news.
Gospel means literally good news.
Gospel meets a sinner and brings reclamation and a transformation.
Gospel ought to be experienced.
Gospel reaches all nations, now the waiting begins.
Gospel sing with local talent and refreshments to follow.
Gospel tracts with a message and information to reach people .
Gospel tracts with a message and information to reach people.
Gospels are doctrines.
Gospels are folk music.
Gospels are part of new testaments.
Gospels are scripture.
Gospels are truth.
Every gospel has a final charge to the church.
Some gospel touches.
Some gospels have applications.
Some gospels have tendencies.
Gossamer clouds are easy to see inside the portal.
A gossamer is a veiling
Gossamer is perfect for hiding tent supports, corner posts and steel frames.
A gossip columnist is a newspaper columnist
Gossip columnists are folk heroes even if they are consistently wrong and vicious in their reports.
Gossip destroys families, throws workplaces into turmoil, divides Churches and on it goes.
Gossip is a conversation
Gossip is capable of trade secrets.
Gossip is communicators.
Gossip is part of problems.
Gossip is reports.
Gossip is software.
Gossip isa conversation.
Gossip runs rampant.
Gossip spreads like fire across a dry forest.
Gossip stirs up quarrels and make the most of differences.
Gossip travels faster over a sour grapevine.
Gossips are almost invariably fat and of healthy appearance.
Gossips are frogs, they drink and talk.
Gossips derive a sense of power and satisfaction from being the source of information.
Gossips say the trays contained frozen TV dinners.
Much gossip is evident on the virtual currencies in circulation on the Internet.
Much gossip is true.
Gossiping is communicating.
Gossiping is conversations.
Gotham soils contain more sand in the control section.
Gothic architecture features sharp lines and precise angles.
Gothic architecture is absolutely beautiful.
Gothic architecture is light, spacious, and graceful.
Gothic architecture is noted for a. rounded arches.
Gothic architecture provides a good example of the use of ornament.
Gothic cathedrals are one of mankind's greatest engineering achievements.
Gothic culture is very much like a stained glass window.
Gothic dance is something that can only truly be experienced first hand.
Gothic detail is timeless.
Gothic fetish turns the individual into art.
Gothic fiction arises so quickly and suddenly from nowhere.
Gothic fiction continues that tradition in a literary form.
Much Gothic fiction depends on a limited, old-fashioned repertory of characters.
Gothic gargoyles are ancient stone sculptures used as water spouts.
Gothic head follows iron column's path Over plains of revelation breeding human wrath.
Gothic horror is in.
Gothic love is erotic porn pics.
Gothic Mountain ca.
Gothic music uses such a variety of styles and has such a remarkable amount of variation in it.
Gothic novels are of that same nature.
Gothic paintings are well represented in private and public collections.
Gothic Rock abounds.
Gothic tales speak of a garlic clove or two a day possessing the power to keep vampires at bay.
Gothics are architectural style.
Gothics are fonts.
Gothics are insects.
Gothics are video games.
Gothics happen to be a group that have similar interests.
Gothics separate themselves into three groups.
Gothics usually dress in all black.
Gotu kola has an unusual affinity for the cerebral cortex of the brain.
Gotu kola helps alleviate fatigue, treat depression and relieve insomnia.
Gotu kola is a complementary rather than an alternative treatment to traditional therapy.
Gotu kola is a creeping marsh plant widely used in India and East Asia.
Gotu kola is a small, ground-hugging plant grown in India, Pakistan, Madagascar and South Africa.
Gotu kola is also popular for increasing brain function, helping improve concentration and memory.
Gotu kola is an excellent treatment for nervous breakdown.
Gotu kola is another herb recommended by some herbalists for chronic venous insufficiency.
Gotu kola is considered a brain food by many herbalists.
Gotu kola is considered a 'brain food'.
Gotu kola is famous for the nervous system, particularly the brain.
Gotu kola is higher in the B-complex vitamin group than any other plant previously examined.
Gotu kola is useful as a brain food to rebuild energy reserves and stamina.
Gotu kola nourishes the nervous system, especially the brain.
Gotu kola tastes bitter.
Gotu kola thrives in and around water, but has also been found growing in drier environments.
A gouache is a watercolor
Gouache is a good all-around paint ideal for artists, designers and students.
Gouache is a special type of paste that artists use to glaze their work.
Gouache is a watercolor medium.
Gouache is an opaque watercolor mixed with a gum that produces an oil-like glaze.
Gouache is an opaque watercolor paint that works well for quick, fast-drying studies.
Gouache is an opaque watercolor paint.
Gouache is meant to be used more thickly than traditional watercolors.
Gouache looks darker when wet.
Gouache mixed with acrylic matte medium makes a non-bleeding , flexible color.
Gouaches are watercolors.
Gouge furrows are commonly sinuous or arcuate to the point of doubling back on themselves.
A gouge is a defect
Gouges can be quite complex to sharpen.
Gouldian Finches are apprehensive birds generally evading populated areas.
Gouldian finches are colorful and energetic birds commonly kept as pets.
Gouldian Finches are extremely social birds.
Gouldian finches are native to the Australian topics.
Gouldian finches come from the north of Australia, the warmest part of the country.
Gouldian finchs are birds.
Goulet blood runs thick.
Gourd fruit hangs underneath the vines.
Gourd people are always glad to help.
A gourd is a bottle
Gourds also have many genetic variations.
Gourds also make great silly stuff.
Gourds also symbolize longevity and the ability to ward off evil spirits.
Gourds also tend to be less vulnerable to winged predators such as hawks and crows.
Gourds are a historic as well as natural and pleasing form of housing.
Gourds are all good.
Gourds are also a pleasant addition to a stir-fry or soup.
Gourds are among the earliest known cultivated plants on the African continent.
Gourds are bands.
Gourds are bottles.
Gourds are completely dry when the seeds rattle around inside.
Gourds are cousins of squash.
Gourds are dry when the seeds rattle when they are shaken.
Gourds are dry when they are brown and lightweight.
Gourds are fruit.
Gourds are hard-shelled members of the squash and pumpkin families.
Gourds are heavy feeders and require fertile soil.
Gourds are in the same family as squashes .
Gourds are in the same family as squashes.
Gourds are inedible fruits closely related to squashes, pumpkins, cucumbers and melon.
Gourds are natural resonators, already formed, waiting to be strung, blown or struck.
Gourds are new again and are very popular now in the martin interest.
Gourds are other hollow vegetables and fruits are also prime candidates for early drums.
Gourds are probably the only martin housing that has been around longer.
Gourds are the vine grown pottery and the colorful harvest time decorations.
Gourds are vines.
Gourds are wonderful to paint.
Gourds belong to the same family as squash, cucumbers, melons, and pumpkins.
Gourds benefit from being cured after they have been picked.
Gourds can be as much fun to give as gifts as they are to make.
Gourds can be doll heads.
Gourds can take two months to six months to dry depending on how big they are.
Gourds come in different shapes and sizes.
Gourds come in so many interesting shapes and sizes and last quite awhile.
Gourds contain offerings for spirits.
Gourds date back hundreds of years.
Gourds feel hollow when mature.
Gourds generally require about the same fertility as cucumbers and watermelons.
Gourds grow in various colors, shapes and textures.
Gourds grow like pumpkins but are smooth skinned.
Gourds grow on vines and harden over winter to a hard, wood-like texture.
Gourds grow quickly, producing large foliage.
Gourds grown in our garden are with the artist and working lady in mind.
Gourds have a thick skin and a soft inside with lots of seeds.
Gourds have a wide variety of uses.
Gourds make an excellent home for cavity dwelling birds and are easy to make.
Gourds make great garden projects for kids.
Gourds make splendid wren houses.
Gourds make wonderful bird houses.
Gourds produce separate male and female flowers.
Gourds take exceptionally well to wood burning and leather dyes.
Gourds take one week to dry after pulp is scooped out.
Many gourds get their common names from their shapes.
Most gourds are much too bitter to eat.
Most gourds require a long growing period.
Some gourds are quite small and of different shapes and uses. .
Gourdin soils have slow permeability.
A gourmand is a feeder
Gourmands are lucky.
Gourmands like to skin their cats differently.
Some gourmands say they're tasty, whether baked or barbecued.
Gourmet chefs take note.
Gourmet chefs use souybean oil in cooking recipes as well as a salad dressing ingredient.
Gourmet chefs use the liquor in fine cooking.
Many gourmet chefs use shallots for sauces, stews, gravies, and roasts.
Gourmet foods make great personal and corporate gifts.
A gourmet is a sensualist
Gourmet chocolates and crisp sheets await guests.
Gourmet chocolates, cookies, pretzels, mustard, beef, crackers, and much more.
Gourmet chocolates, pastries, espressos and delicacies both local and imported.
Gourmet coffees a steal.
Gourmet is Omaha Steak.
Gourmet popcorn on the cob, a great hostess gift to have on hand.
Gourmet sandwiches on fresh baked bread.
Gourmets agree that the bouillabaisse is very authentic here.
Gourmets are hobbyists.
Gourmets regard it as a most prized variety of game.
Gourmets too have a hell of a time here.
Many gourmets prefer the blue crab's sweet meat over all other locally-caught seafood.
Some gourmets recommend it be served with lukewarm oysters accompanied with a slice of lemon peel.
Gout sufferer dances a jig without pain.
Gouty arthritis is arthritis
Gouty arthritis occurs most commonly in men after the fourth decade of life.
Gouvernement government gr.
Govenment scandals are reliable.
Govermental organizations have the .org suffix.
Governance affects the organization's performance, especially over the long term.
Governance affects their work environment.
Governance also implies an effective democracy and an efficient public administration.
Governance broadens that perspective.
Governance can enhance our university.
Governance can evolve similarly.
Governance can only get in trouble by interposing itself in the contractual process.
Governance can then endeavour to move the social system over the landscape.
Governance depends as well on full respect for human rights.
Governance determines and reflects the values to be served and observed by the organization.
Governance entails tough and often unpopular decisions.
Governance Establish the financial policies needed to ensure adequate reserves.
Governance gives shareholders confidence that managers are being supervised.
Governance gives the priority to administration of business instead of the national state.
Governance has no automatic normative connotation.
Governance has to be swift.
Governance Includes roles and responsibilities, structure, etc.
Governance includes the state, but transcends it by taking in the private sector and civil society.
Governance involves control, accountability, responsibility, and authority.
Governance is a body
Governance is a broader notion than government.
Governance is a category with a normative and a prescriptive dimension.
Governance is a concern for three reasons.
Governance is a function of structure and of how people act within that structure.
Governance is a huge issue right now.
Governance is a long term and multifaceted issue.
Governance is a product of trust and shared responsibility.
Governance is a question of priorities.
Governance is a shared process.
Governance is a system of checks and balances whereby a board is established to manage the managers.
Governance is a tool a means to an end, an evolving process.
Governance is about a broad church that welcomes all opinions and accommodates all dissents.
Governance is accomplished both by the architecture of the Internet and the laws that apply to it.
Governance is also a major problem area for many schools in Minnesota and Massachusetts.
Governance is also a major problem area formany schools in Minnesota and Massachusetts.
Governance is an important part of community engagement.
Governance is an iterative, reflective process.
Governance is another issue.
Governance is based on a system of elections that are free, equal, general and periodic.
Governance is best limited to one person or a select group of individuals.
Governance is by a board of directors.
Governance is different from politics .
Governance is different from politics.
Governance is direction, control, and exercise of authority.
Governance is entrusted to a board of directors elected annually.
Governance is governance.
Governance is less a matter of engineering than of gardening.
Governance is more than just board processes and procedures.
Governance is responsible to one level up.
Governance is sacred responsibility.
Governance is the board's proper role.
Governance is the change brought about by the populations reactions.
Governance is the exercise of political power to manage a nation's affairs.
Governance is the key to an open, transparent and equitable society.
Governance is the process of effective coordination when power and knowledge are distributed.
Governance is the responsibility of institutional boards on each campus or of multi-campus boards.
Governance is the responsibility of the village council.
Governance is the resultant or effect of an interaction between official and unofficial actors.
Governance is the uppermost concern.
Governance is therefore another key to the resolution of the current crisis.
Governance is to a large extent also perception and appearance.
Governance is tough.
Governance is, in Barber's Terms, a strong democracy.
Governance lacks transparency and accountability.
Governance means decisions that effect how the community works.
Governance models The task force report discusses several models of school district leadership.
Governance moves an institution beyond dependency on the visionary.
Governance needs to be defined by regional stakeholders and is likely to differ for each region.
Governance remains one of the biggest issues facing public schools today.
Governance rests with the university system's board of regents.
Governance sets the stage within which management occurs.
Governance still matters.
Governance suffers in consequence through lack of any conceptual continuity.
Governance therefore tends to be authoritarian, and economic and external policies are conservative.
All governance is gone, and life has returned to simpler times of the strong against the weak.
A governess is a teacher
Governesses are teachers.
Governesses come and go at a rapid pace because strange happenings occur on the Scottish isle.
Governesses look after children in addition to other household duties.
Most governesses are available on a live-in basis.
Government accountability needs to be considered as information systems are developed.
Government accountability needs to be strengthened.
Government accounting is an aid in laying that foundation.
Government administration is an important source of employment.
Government administration is governmental organizations.
Government administration reflects Soviet type structure.
Government administration reflects Soviet-type structures.
A government agency is an unit
Government agencies accept students on a definite time schedule.
Government agencies account for a large share of sales.
Government agencies adopt policy.
Government agencies are able to offer a better level of service to private citizens.
Government agencies are administrative units.
Government agencies are also an excellent source of information about many industries.
Government agencies are also enterprises.
Government agencies are also intimately involved in various cassowary conservation measures.
Government agencies are also trusted sources.
Government agencies are aware of the stakes.
Government agencies are down sizing and restructuring.
Government agencies are eligible for discounted rates.
Government agencies are exempt from billing.
Government agencies are exempt from charges.
Government agencies are exempt from copy charges.
Government agencies are exempt from paying registration fees.
Government agencies are exempt from payment for limited quantity orders.
Government agencies are exempt from the fee requirements.
Government agencies are explicitly . . .
Government agencies are in serious trouble, too.
Government agencies are like any collection of people.
Government agencies are limited in what they can do to protect the public.
Government agencies are more accustomed now to releasing information that way.
Government agencies are no different.
Government agencies are no exception.
Government agencies are no strangers to it.
Government agencies are prolific writers of reports.
Government agencies are receptive and requesting courses to train their management and field staff.
Government agencies are responsible for the management of all of their assets.
Government agencies are some of the leaders in knowledge management.
Government agencies are the best at maintaining job pages.
Government agencies are the largest buyers of products and services in the world.
Government agencies are the main producers of geographic data in Colombia.
Government agencies are there because they have been given appropriations to exist.
Government agencies are to provide necessary services for homeless or street children.
Government agencies are under constant pressure from auditors to maintain security standards.
Government agencies behave just like people.
Government agencies buy a wide variety of products, mostly to serve their customers.
Government agencies buy little from foreigners.
Government agencies can also help marketers locate financing for international marketing ventures.
Government agencies can also impose financial penalties when contractors fail to deliver.
Government agencies can be a particularly useful place to start for prospective entrepreneurs.
Government agencies can be an excellent source of inexpensive travel information.
Government agencies can buy private property for public use by using the power of eminent domain.
Government agencies can do more than impose fines.
Government agencies can easily adopt a whole of government approach to service delivery.
Government agencies can have a role in supporting enforcement.
Government agencies can lead by example in promoting enhanced environmental performance.
Government agencies can make life easier by offering real interactive service.
Government agencies can use the information as a planning tool.
Government agencies can use the program for employee training.
Government agencies collect and publish statistics on a variety of subjects.
Government agencies conduct research and disseminate information.
Government agencies continue to be major contractors for environmental services.
Government agencies continue using materials that are arguably obsolete.
Government agencies create records as required by law or to document official business transactions.
Government agencies do a lot of business with the private sector.
Government agencies do change or sometimes cease to exist.
Government agencies do have a legitimate argument for Internet surveillance.
Government agencies do the same thing to aid agencies but that's another story.
Government agencies donate their seminar rooms for forum meetings.
Government agencies eavesdrop on private communications.
Government agencies employ veterinarians as well.
Government agencies expect that.
Government agencies face decisions about the allocation of public resources.
Government agencies face doing more with less every year.
Government agencies favor the low range, while social-service organizations guess higher.
Government agencies find new ways to conceal conflicts of interest and misuse of power.
Greyhounds are calm, gentle dogs and make great companions for people of all ages.
Greyhounds are clean, gentle dogs that thrive on love and affection.
Greyhounds are docile, gentle, low-key creatures.
Greyhounds are dogs.
Greyhounds are dogs.
Greyhounds are easy live with but they do have special needs.
Greyhounds are elegant, intelligent, affectionate pets that are good with cats and children.
Greyhounds are experts at learning to open unsecured cabinet doors.
Greyhounds are extremely companionable and social.
Greyhounds are extremely dog-social and can easily fit into homes where another breed of dog lives.
Greyhounds are extremely intelligent.
Greyhounds are extremely prone to a life-threatening digestive syndrome called bloat.
Greyhounds are extremely sensitive and intelligent and respond quickly to voice command.
Greyhounds are extremely sensitive and intelligent animals and respond quickly to training.
Greyhounds are far to gentle to make good watchdogs.
Greyhounds are friendly by nature and socialize well.
Greyhounds are fun.
Greyhounds are generally very good mothers.
Greyhounds are gentle and quiet.
Greyhounds are gentle, sensitive, loyal, and brave animals.
Greyhounds are grateful for their new homes and reward their owners with never-ending affection.
Greyhounds are great at entertaining themselves, but they love human.
Greyhounds are highly intelligent and very appreciative of their new homes.
Greyhounds are hounds.
Greyhounds are house pets.
Greyhounds are inadvisable.
Greyhounds are indoor dogs.
Greyhounds are inspirational for their gentle nature, yet incredible gift of speed.
Greyhounds are intelligent and quick learners.
Greyhounds are intelligent dogs that learn quickly.
Greyhounds are kennel trained.
Greyhounds are kennel-broken.
Greyhounds are mild, gentle, and quiet by nature.
Greyhounds are much larger than infants, and even some youngsters up to the age of five.
Greyhounds are natural athletes, and they love to race around in circles within a fenced yard.
Greyhounds are naturally a thin dog.
Greyhounds are no different.
Greyhounds are no exception.
Greyhounds are outstanding pets.
Greyhounds are particularly sensitive to the chemical in flea collars.
Greyhounds are patient, loving animals.
Greyhounds are polite, sweet, affectionate dogs that do well with people and other animals.
Greyhounds are pretty low on the cerebral scale, too.
Greyhounds are puppies at heart and swift runners.
Greyhounds are quiet and calm.
Greyhounds are racers.
Greyhounds are sensitive creatures who want to please.
Greyhounds are shy and sensitive, but they are also inquisitive and love people.
Greyhounds are sight hounds and can see clearly for a half mile.
Greyhounds are sight hounds which means they hunt by sight.
Greyhounds are sighthounds and by natural instinct like to run and chase things that move quickly.
Greyhounds are sighthounds.
Greyhounds are sound as a hound.
Greyhounds are special dogs.
Greyhounds are sweet, affectionate, and loyal pets, noble from their beginning and deserve a chance.
Greyhounds are sweet-dispositioned and make wonderful companions.
Greyhounds are the fastest breed of dog.
Greyhounds are the fastest dogs on earth.
Greyhounds are the fastest dogs, and have primarily been bred for coursing game and racing .
Greyhounds are the most ancient dog breed.
Greyhounds are the oldest breed of dog.
Greyhounds are the only canine mentioned in Holy Scripture.
Greyhounds are the world's oldest purebred dogs and are noted for their loyalty and intelligence.
Greyhounds are true athletes.
Greyhounds are typically a healthy and long-lived breed, and hereditary illness is rare.
Greyhounds are used to traveling and adapt quickly to riding in cars.
Greyhounds are usually between two and five years old when they retire.
Greyhounds are usually patient and calm dogs.
Greyhounds are usually very healthy with a life expectancy the same as that of other breeds.
Greyhounds are very aware of pack order whether it is within the family or among other dogs.
Greyhounds are very calm and affectionate animals.
Greyhounds are very clean.
Greyhounds are very content to lay on their beds and sleep most of the day.
Greyhounds are very gentle, loving dogs.
Greyhounds are very humble animals.
Greyhounds are very sensitive to insecticides.
Greyhounds are very smart and eager to please.
Greyhounds are very smart, but also powerful and fast.
Greyhounds are very social animals.
Greyhounds are very sweet, gentle, affectionate, quiet, intelligent dogs.
Greyhounds are wonderful pets.
Greyhounds become part of the family very quickly.
Greyhounds blend youth, experience.
Greyhounds can be very cat-friendly.
Greyhounds can be willful.
Greyhounds can become VERY competitive when running together, and things can get out of hand.
Greyhounds can make wonderful companions for most anyone.
Greyhounds can make wonderful companions.
Greyhounds chase a dummy hare around the track, and punters place bets on likely-looking dogs.
Greyhounds claim descent from the desert dogs of the pharaohs and Arab sheiks.
Greyhounds come house trained and lead trained, desexed, and immunised.
Greyhounds come in a variety of colors with brindle and fawn being the most common.
Greyhounds come in a variety of colors.
Greyhounds come in a variety of colourings with brindle and fawn being the most common.
Greyhounds come in a wide array of colors, with various shades of brindle being most common.
Greyhounds come in almost any color imaginable with short velvet smooth coats.
Greyhounds come in many different colours.
Greyhounds come in solids, from white to black, and in patches and in brindle coloring.
Greyhounds cope well as three-legged dogs.
Greyhounds do make wonderful pets.
Greyhounds easily adapt to the life-style of their new owners.
Greyhounds enjoy the assurance that they have their own bed to snuggle up on.
Greyhounds enjoy walking or jogging, and are very well behaved on a leash.
Greyhounds form strong bonds with their owners and make wonderful family pets.
Greyhounds get gas when they are nervous or stressed.
Greyhounds hang out when their humans are on vacation.
Greyhounds have a definite prey instinct.
Greyhounds have a sensitivity to certain types of anesthesia and internal flea medications.
Greyhounds have a very fine, soft coat.
Greyhounds have all the advantages of breeding and training when it comes to being a good pet.
Greyhounds have better eyesight than any other breed of dog.
Greyhounds have different personality types just as people do.
Greyhounds have gentle dispositions and make wonderful companions.
Greyhounds have half the body fat of other dogs and hence are more sensitive to the cold.
Greyhounds have lean bodies and long legs.
Greyhounds have little body fat and a thin coat.
Greyhounds have little padding and they have skin that tears easily.
Greyhounds have thin skin that can tear easily.
Greyhounds have very short fur, which is easy to maintain.
Greyhounds have virtually no body fat, are very clean, and require very little grooming.
Greyhounds live in climate-controlled kennels, usually on or near the tracks where they race.
Greyhounds live most happily as pets in quiet environments.
Greyhounds love a regular routine.
Greyhounds love children and other pets.
Greyhounds love to be groomed and cared for.
Greyhounds love to be petted more than most dogs, particularly on their necks, rear ends and snouts.
Greyhounds love to run, and are competitive by instinct.
Greyhounds make excellent apartment pets.
Greyhounds make excellent jogging companions once they are trained to go at the new pace.
Greyhounds make great pets, are very chill, and are friendly as all get out.
Greyhounds make great therapists.
Greyhounds make terrific pets.
Greyhounds make wonderful companion animals and are loving and responsive to human contact.
Greyhounds make wonderful indoor pets.
Greyhounds make wonderful pets.
Greyhounds placed through the program are usually between two and five years old.
Greyhounds possess one of the best temperaments of all dog breeds.
Greyhounds prefer to walk on a slack lead and, for dogs of their size, are unusually easy to handle.
Greyhounds prefer to walk on a slack lead, and for dogs of their size, are unusually easy to handle.
Greyhounds race six days a week throughout the year and admission is free.
Greyhounds range in color from red and black to white and fawn.
Greyhounds really enjoy being groomed.
Greyhounds remain unbeaten.
Greyhounds require about as much exercise as any other large dog.
Greyhounds require no more exercise than other large dogs.
Greyhounds require special attention with anesthesia, flea treatments, and medications.
Greyhounds run on the west coast.
Greyhounds spend most of their lives in the company of other dogs, their trainers, and handlers.
Greyhounds spend most of their lives in the company of other dogs.
Greyhounds spend most of their lives with other greyhounds and usually adapt well to other dogs.
Greyhounds spend their racing lives in the company of other dogs.
Greyhounds take the Beach.
Greyhounds tend to be couch potatoes after their sprint around the yard.
Greyhounds tend to walk away if play becomes too much, rather than snap.
Greyhounds then go to their new, loving homes.
Greyhounds wear muzzles when they race to protect one another from snapping.
All greyhounds are fast runners.
Many greyhounds are actually afraid of cats.
Many Greyhounds are stubborn.
Many Greyhounds collect and hoard everything from slippers to keys to the remote control.
Many greyhounds get along fine with cats, small animals and children.
Many greyhounds get along well with cats and other small animals.
Many greyhounds never live past fifth birthdays.
Most greyhounds adapt quickly and happily to home life.
Most greyhounds are fine with cats.
Most greyhounds are good with small pets.
Most greyhounds are kennel trained.
Most Greyhounds are seasoned travellers and really enjoy rides in the car.
Most greyhounds are very tolerant of small children.
Most greyhounds can be house-broken in a very short period of time.
Most Greyhounds can learn to live with cats as well.
Most greyhounds enjoy a daily walk and an occasional romp in a fenced in area.
Most Greyhounds love the company of other dogs, and many live happily with cats as well.
Some Greyhounds adapt well to homes with very small animals.
Some greyhounds are afraid of cats.
Some greyhounds are cat friendly while others seem more anxious with cats.
Some greyhounds are excellent swimmers.
Some greyhounds are pack rats, collecting items to take outside or store in their beds.
Some greyhounds are territorial about their beds.
Some greyhounds can outrun every rabbit.
Greyish mites feed upon the fowl's blood and then leave the birds.
Greyscale images are available, as are colorized images .
Any grid cell can be color coded for quick viewing.
Grid paper can be useful for recording the findings of such investigations.
A grid is a facility
GRID allows graduate students the opportunity to present their research and compete for cash prizes.
Grid isa facility.
Grids also discount cattle that weigh over or under a set carcass weight range.
Grids also encourage better analyses.
Grids are a natural for scanned or remotely sensed data.
Grids are a particularly effective way of supporting ornamental grasses.
Grids are all daily averages, daily ascending averages, and daily descending averages.
Grids are appropriate even when powerful digital computers are available.
Grids are available in a variety of sizes to fit various sized containers.
Grids are available in both square hole and also, circular hole style mesh.
Grids are bands.
Grids are cooking utensils.
Grids are daily averages, daily ascending averages, daily descending averages.
Grids are electrodes.
Grids are equally important for the designer.
Grids are facilities.
Grids are forms.
Grids are fundamental data structures for representing geometric structures or their subdivisions.
Grids are geographic data models representing information as an array of equally sized square cells.
Grids are good only at very localized topology, and weak otherwise.
Grids are hasheds.
Grids are highly suited for spatial modeling and raster editing.
Grids are lines on some maps that form squares like a chess board.
Grids are located in electrical systems.
Grids are located in graph paper.
Grids are located in templates.
Grids are meant to be flexible.
Grids are mouse responsive to click and drag operations to save dispatchers time and effort.
Grids are often useful for presenting and summarising numeric data like a spreadsheet.
Grids are part of infrastructures.
Grids are part of tubes.
Grids are poor at representing points, lines and areas, but good at surfaces.
Grids are the cornerstone of all database applications.
Grids are two degrees wide and one degree from top to bottom.
Grids are uniformly spaced horizontal and perpendicular lines.
Grids are used for graph paper.
Grids are used for graphs.
Grids are used for plots.
Grids can be so wasteful.
Grids can be visible or invisible.
Grids can tilt.
Grids define a discrete representation of a mapping or mappings.
Grids define regular shapes.
Grids encourage managers to view each product as a bundle of features or attributes.
Grids generally have other specifications for carcass weight and dark cutters as well.
Grids have (part) power cables.
Grids have (part) power lines.
Grids have (part) power plants.
Grids have (part) power stations.
Grids have (part) readsides.
Grids have (part) sections.
Grids have no particular hierarchy of importance.
Grids look like solid walls.
Grids look like walls.
Grids make sure that the transitions of several ranges work without interruption.
Grids mount on any surface with double-faced tape or screws.
Grids provide extreme ease of use for modeling attributes of entities.
Grids provide structure and consistency to pages and information.
Grids represent spatially interpolated data.
Grids serve as an interpolated and smoothed representation of randomly scattered point data.
Grids suffer from the mixed pixel problem.
Grids support rectangular and radial grids providing support for irregular buildings.
Grids tie the elements of a design together and provide a framework for the page layout.
Grids use a hierarchical tile-block structure.
Grids use technology.
All grids are rectangular.
All grids have one degree point spacing and use a simple cylindrical projection.
All grids have the same numbers of rows and columns of spots.
All grids support hierarchical local-grid refinement.
Most grids look like solid walls.
Most grids look like walls.
Most grids use a weighted-average price from the week prior to delivery of the cattle.
Most grids use technology.
Some grids also offer premiums and discounts for hide quality.
Some grids are rich enough to contain entire sentences or poems.
Some grids have stations.
Some grids never reach completion.
Some grids perform various functions.
Gridded film is the only georegistration.
A griddle is a cooking utensil
Griddle is ready when a few drops of water bubble and skitter rapidly around.
Griddle is right when water sprinkled on it jumps around.
Griddles are cooking utensils.
Griddles are kitchen tools.
Some griddles have a nonstick coating.
Some grided cities have deviations from the regular pattern.
Grided functions are now internal.
A gridlock is press
Gridlock encourages incoherent spending initiatives.
Gridlock is better than one party control.
Gridlock is common in urban areas.
Gridlock is dead.
Gridlock is gridlock folks.
Gridlock is in our best interest.
Gridlock is on many people's minds.
Gridlock means more time on the road and less time with our families.
Gridlock starts to be a factor.
Gridlock stops all of the city's traffic.
Gridlocks are great for stocks.
Gridlocks are locks.
Gridlocks are traffic jam.
More gridlock is in the cards.
Gridpoint position is shown in the diagram below.
Grief counseling can often help.
Grief counseling facilitates the process of resolution in the natural reactions to loss.
Grief counseling is an important component of the program.
Grief counseling is another area of specialization.
Grief counseling is available through community resources, churches and licensed therapists.
Grief counseling is considered to be a 'specialty area' within the counseling profession.
Grief counseling is our specialty.
Grief absorbs immense energy.
Grief Can Be . . .
Grief colors the world in somber colors.
Grief following suicide is often more intense and prolonged than other experiences of grief.
Grief invites questions.
Grief is located in war.
Grief is sorrow
Grief is sorrow.
Grief looks like a simple word, but it's a terribly difficult process.
Grief plays funny tricks on the mind.
Grief plays tricks on people and can screw up their heads.
Grief rips away at the heart and can turn a life teeming with meaning into an empty wasteland.
Grief takes as long as it takes.
Grief takes energy.
Grief takes time and there is no quick way to diminish the impact of death.
Grief takes time, energy and patience to move through.
Grief takes time.
Grief tends to happen at a very personal rate for each person that experiences it.
Grief throws a couple into an emotional tailspin.
Grief touches all ages.
Grief touches everyone s life.
All grief is the result of trauma.
All grief is unique because each life is unique.
All grief needs to be felt and realized.
Every grief is different.
Some griefs are medicinable.
Grievance procedures are available for all employes and students alleging discriminatory treatment.
Grievance procedures are to deal with matters raised by an individual employee.
Grievance procedures are well on the way to being streamlined.
Grievance procedures exist for all non-represented employees.
Grievance procedures have strict time limits.
A grievance is bitterness
Grievance means a written expression of dissatisfaction.
Grievances also undergo a two-step review at the managed care plan.
Grievances are allegations.
Grievances are an informal approach to resolving conflicts.
Grievances are complaints.
Grievances are critical to enforcing the contract.
Grievances are inevitable.
Grievances are internal complaints received directly by health insurance plans.
Grievances are nil.
Grievances are one way to assess member satisfaction with service and service providers.
Grievances are specifically about contract violations, but sometimes are more broadly defined.
Grievances are three-step processes that end in binding arbitration at both unions.
Grievances Ask to review a sampling of grievances filed by minors.
Grievances continue to be filed when what originally seems an amicable divorce turned sour.
Grievances exist everywhere.
Grievances go back a long way.
Grievances regarding fees also are on the rise.
Grievances typically arise from dismissal, denial of tenure or promotion, and salary actions.
Grievances often remain suppressed until the opportunity presents itself for release.
All grievances are to be discussed in private with the office manager or physicians.
Most grievances are different from unexpected houseguests.
Most grievances are for non-payment.
Most grievances are the result of misunderstandings and bad communications.
Most grievances arise from miscommunications between the parties.
Some grievances involve the conduct of judges.
A griever is a person
Grievers are basically tribes that have broken ties with the highly structured Greater Tribes.
Grievers avoid others because they are afraid and then isolate.
Grievers feel the identical shock and denial, anger and guilt, sorrow and depression.
Grievers feel the same shock and denial, anger and guilt, sorrow and depression.
Grievers learn to be resourceful, adaptive and visionary.
Every griever is unique.
Every griever responds at their own pace.
Any grieving family can call The Caring Circle to set up a visit with a social worker.
Grieving marriages outnumber joyful marriages.
Grieving mothers share loss and gather strength in a support group.
Many grieving parents say that friends become strangers and strangers become friends.
Grieving students embrace.
Grieving teenagers are more likely to share their feelings and problems with their peers.
Grievous pain inspirits a broken soul, heed etches movement as memory grows cold.
Grievous words are words that cut, words that inflict wounds.
Grievous words stir up anger.
Griffin cattle tend to be yellow.
A griffin is a mythical creature
Griffin isa monster.
Griffins are a symbol of the sun, wisdom, vengeance, strength, and salvation.
Griffins are animals.
Griffins have a terrific sense of smell.
Griffins have BIG talons.
Griffon ears needs regular attention.
Griffon puppies are active, mischievious, and determined.
Griffon puppies are very curious, intelligent and hard working.
A griffon vulture is a vulture
Griffon vultures soar above the peaks, while Egyptian vultures haunt the gorges.
A griffon is a gun dog
Griffons are a spirited and rugged sporting dog.
Griffons are a sporting dog, and have been developed to withstand routine daily hunting.
Griffons are affectionate and joyous family pets.
Griffons are dogs.
Griffons do, as a rule, get along well with other dogs of all breeds.
Griffons have a classic appearance, with their eyebrows and beard lending to their unkempt visage.
Griffons have a very long, thin, weak and sparsley coated tail.
Griffons learn quickly and are eager to please.
Griffons live in the house, and are included in family activities.
Griffons train best with positive methods, they work exceptionally well for praise.
Most Griffons are a pleasure to train, and make effective personal hunting companions.
Grigston soils are on flood plains and low stream terraces.
Grilimid material provides more durability in extreme weather conditions.
A grill is a restaurant
Grill isa structure.
Grill quesadillas on both side until brown.
Grill vegetables for a few minutes.
Grill vegetables on both sides over medium-hot coals until they are tender and slightly charred.
Hair falls out spontaneously, during combing, or breaks at the bulb.
Hair falls out.
Hair falls, wrinkles frown, inverted triangular body shapes become pear like sigh.
Hair feels and looks softer, vibrant and healthier.
Hair feels fuller, thicker and healthier.
Hair feels silkier, softer, and healthier.
Hair fixing for hairdressing is made.
Hair follicles Tiny organs in the skin, each one of which grows a single hair.
Hair generally grows back in the affected areas.
Hair gets a delicate structure.
Hair gets bushier.
Hair gets into everything, and it has suffused the Web.
Hair gets oily, and showering is completely out for a while.
Hair gives a history of chronic drug use rather than documenting recent usage.
Hair glows softly, touched by the slender fingers of light fading through guarded shades.
Hair go bloop- gone.
Hair Goes is a unique new product that inhibits regrowth after hair removal.
Hair goes through a life cycle which includes growth, transition, and a resting phase.
Hair goes through cycles.
Hair goes through other phases as well.
Hair greatly expands the time window for the detection of an illicit drug.
Hair growing cycles vary in different cultures and parts of the world.
Hair grows about half an inch a month and some one-hundred new hairs are added daily.
Hair grows about six inches per year.
Hair grows and dies.
Hair grows at a faster rate in the spring and summer than in autumn and winter.
Hair grows at different rates.
Hair grows at different speeds and different lengths.
Hair grows at the rate of about a half-inch per month.
Hair grows at the rate of one hundredth of an inch each day.
Hair grows back and can be dyed back to it's original, more natural-looking color.
Hair grows back but friendships only grow once.
Hair grows back like soft threads.
Hair grows back thinner and finer.
Hair grows back, so just go ahead.
Hair grows between the scales and near the rear of the animal .
Hair grows between the scales and near the rear of the animal.
Hair grows by forming new cells at the base of the root.
Hair grows faster in summer than in winter.
Hair grows faster on the crown than on the sides of the head.
Hair grows fastest when it is short.
Hair grows for about three months averaging one.
Hair grows from a follicle.
Hair grows from a hair bulb under the skin.
Hair grows from follicles that contain the lower shaft and root of the hair.
Hair grows from follicles which are very small pouches located in the skin.
Hair grows from hair follicles within the skin.
Hair grows from hair follicles, which are in the scalp and contain the root of the hair.
Hair grows from indentations in the outer skin layer called hair follicles.
Hair grows from the dermal papillae, which lie in the base of the hair follicle.
Hair grows from the follicle imbedded in the dermis.
Hair grows from the follicle, or root, underneath the skin.
Hair grows from the head, the seat of thought.
Hair grows in a cyclical nature.
Hair grows in a narrow line forming a beard at the back of the lower jaw.
Hair grows in cycles.
Hair grows in phases.
Hair grows in response to hormones and individual biochemistry.
Hair grows in three cycles.
Hair grows in white and can be visible from a distance.
Hair grows like a blade of grass with a very fine tip on it.
Hair grows on human skin in various textures, colors, and density.
Hair grows on the head and body.
Hair grows out of a follicle, or a tiny pit in the skin.
Hair grows quickly and therefore is very sensitive to the effects of radiation.
Hair grows so thin and brittle that it breaks off easily.
Hair grows through three distinct growth phases.
Hair grows up through follicles from papillae in the lower epidermis.
Hair grows very slowly, about half an inch a month.
Hair grows, and is contained in, narrow tube-like structures with bulbous bottoms called follicles.
Hair grows, but at too slow a rate to change the hairstyle over night.
Hair has (part) corpi.
Hair has (part) sections.
Hair has (part) widow's peaks.
Hair has a limited life span.
Hair has a tendency to float up, and it is hard to be certain that each strand of hair was covered.
Hair has a very practical purpose.
Hair has an enemy lurking in schools.
Hair has great social significance for human beings .
Hair has great social significance for human beings, and acts as an important indicator.
Hair has more lasting support and substance.
Hair has more luster.
Hair has more volume, is shinier and in better condition.
Hair has other symbolic meanings as well.
Hair has powerful mojo.
Hair has red highlights.
Hair has reddish highlights.
Hair has roots.
Hair has several different parts that start at the root and go to the shaft.
Hair has three distinct roles.
Hair has three main parts.
Hair has to be worn down.
Hair having poor porosity takes longer to absorb solutions.
Hair helps control body temperature and is made of keratin protein.
Hair helps to keep the body warm.
Hair here falls out faster than rain.
Hair impedes air flow into the canal that tends to keep the canal dry.
Hair insulates the body against heat loss.
Hair interferes with the sweating process, which works more efficiently through naked skin.
Hair Invest in a good haircut by a technical cutting expert.
Hair is a barometer of overall physical health.
Hair is a bit frizzy, otherwise in great shape.
Hair is a complex structure that is epidermal in origin.
Hair is a considered a fashion item just like clothes.
Hair is a cover
Hair is a curious symbol in dreams.
Hair is a defining characteristic of mammals.
Hair is a derived feature that separates mammals from other tetrapods.
Hair is a form of scales and indicates a shared ancestry with reptiles.
Hair is a genetic thing, many guys have very little and some have a whole bunch.
Hair is a good accessory.
Hair is a good way to disperse pheromones into the air.
Hair is a large component of beauty.
Hair is a liability.
Hair is a little out of regulation but no barbers at the South Pole.
Hair is a little thin in one spot.
Hair is a natural fact, but hairstyles are social facts.
Hair is a natural insulator whether the it is warm or cool.
Hair is a natural thing.
Hair is a new Human hair wig.
Hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis , or skin.
Hair is a protein.
Hair is a purchased, bru wig.
Hair is a season extra and is currently on sale only to subscribers.
Hair is a transparent braid woven from a composition.
Hair is a very durable series of protein chains.
Hair is a very important component of our bodies.
Hair is absent on calves and feet.
Hair is accomplished by means of a wig, or by applying clay to represent hair.
Hair is acquired by shearing small pieces of yarn or wool and applying to glued surface of head.
Hair is added with yarn.
Hair is all one length with no bangs.
Hair is also a sensory structure, as the whiskers of cats and dogs are sensitive to touch.
Hair is also a symbol of physicality.
Hair is also subject to shampoos, rinses, dyes, and other products that can contain mercury.
Hair is also well preserved in tar pits and ice, as well as fossil impressions.
Hair is an additional protection for the head as a sponge and it also adds beauty to the individual.
Hair is an epidermal appendage that lies within the dermis.
Hair is an essential part of a person's appearance.
Hair is an excellent noncon- ferences in different races.
Hair is an important part of our appearance and plays a significant role in human culture.
Hair is an insulator against heat loss.
Hair is another area that is as varied as the weather.
Hair is another feature separating mammals from other animals.
Hair is another important sculptural medium in Africa.
Hair is as personal and as political as many things in life.
Hair is basically superficial to the essential verities in life.
Hair is big.
Hair is biopsy material and harsh washing chemicals damage it.
Hair is black to brown, and there is no underfur present.
Hair is black with a streak of either white, red or blue in it.
Hair is blonde when eumelanin is only present in small amounts.
Hair is blow-dried with edges slightly curled for volume and lift.
Hair is body parts.
Hair is braided and comes in brown or blonde.
Hair is braided and comes in choice of blonde or brown.
Hair is braided softly in the back.
Hair is brown, but is bleached blond with reddish highlights.
Hair is brown, pulled back in pony tail.
Hair is brushed back with a greasy appearance.
Hair is built by the hair follicle from dead proteins produced by skin cells called keratin.
Hair is buttons and rags and they have embroidered eyes, nose and mouth.
Hair is capable of composteds.
Hair is chopped and cropped, twined with duct tape or dyed various colors.
Hair is clean and free of dandruff.
Hair is coarse, rough and oily.
Hair is coloureds.
Hair is composed mainly of a hard chemical substance called keratin.
Hair is composed of keratin, the same protein that makes up nails and the outer layer of our skin.
Hair is composed of the protein keratin.
Hair is confined in back but somewhat loosely.
Hair is consecrated and offered to respective family deities and temples.
Hair is curly and voluminous, almost frizzy.
Hair is curly because the single hair varies in thickness.
Hair is cut medium-short on top, tapered at the back, and it is cut only with scissors.
Hair is cut short and shaggy for the hot summer.
Hair is dark brown with a definite curl to it - an unruly curl, at times.
Hair is dark, high above the forehead, and worn in a very long ponytail.
Hair is dead tissue.
Hair is dead.
Hair is definitely strawberry blonde-unlike any other dolls.
Hair is densest on juveniles and becomes less dense with age.
Hair is developed using yellow ochre, burnt sienna, ivory black, and bright yellow.
Hair is disarranged.
Hair is distributed on nearly all parts of the body.
Hair is distributed sparsely over the body.
Hair is disturbed, clothing flaps.
Hair is dyed dark red with white roots.
Hair is easy to do with hair loom.
Hair is easy to style and humidity-resistant.
Hair is either smooth, or very curly, with sophisticated upswept styles still the most popular.
Hair is energized, thickened and sealed with silk proteins and nutrients that troubled hair needs.
Hair is enriched with vigorously active nutrients for noticeably healthier hair.
Hair is especially important in making a silhouette look like the poser.
Hair is expanded, moveable, comfortable.
Hair is extremely curly when wet.
Hair is far more complex than it appears on the surface.
Hair is filament.
Hair is flammable.
Hair is formed by epithelial cells of a papilla at the base of the follicle.
Hair is formed in very small tiny pockets in the skin, called follicles .
Hair is found in the food.
Hair is found in the skin.
Hair is full and thick, but just slightly receding.
Hair is fun.
Hair is glossy, fine and silky in texture.
Hair is glued lambswool.
Hair is hair and requires daily washing, just like every other part of the body.
Hair is hair have fun with it.
Hair is hair.
Hair is high in nitrogen and a good insulator for the fibrous surface roots.
Hair is important for our looks.
Hair is important in Hanging Up.
Hair is important on a cold day.
Hair is important.
Hair is in an army cap with curls hanging shoulder length.
Hair is in braid, great bangs.
Hair is in braids and comes only in brown.
Hair is in perfect set.
Hair is in place.
Hair is inserted strand by strand into the scalp and each tooth is individually inserted.
Hair is involved, in many ways.
Hair is is found in the comb, on fingers during hair wash, on shoulders, on pillows etc.
Hair is just as important as costumes.
Hair is kept in good condition by the secretions of the sebaceous glands.
Hair is kinky and wiry.
Hair is knitted separately in fur stitch.
Hair is left clean, shiny and soft to the touch.
Hair is left feeling and looking healthy, smooth, full of shine and in excellent condition.
Hair is left looking resilient and full.
Hair is left soft and full of bounce.
Hair is left static-free and easy to comb.
Hair is left with a renewed richness and high gloss sheen.
Hair is lightweights.
Hair is located in arms.
Hair is located in beds.
Hair is located in brushs.
Hair is located in combs.
Hair is located in drains.
Hair is located in ears.
Hair is located in fingers.
Hair is located in food.
Hair is located in heads.
Hair is located in mammals.
Hair is located in rugs.
Hair is located in scalps.
Hair is located in sinks.
Hair is located in skin.
Hair is located in soup.
Hair is located in wigs.
Hair is located on the ears and at the end of the tail.
Hair is long and thick and grizzlies commonly have conspicuous silver-tipped guard hairs.
Hair is long hair goat.
Hair is longer on the chest, ruff, shoulders, back of legs, and tail.
Hair is longest on the tail.
Hair is loose, but still glows in the dark.
Hair is lost all over - scalp, groin, even lateral eyebrows.
Hair is lost due to damage to hair-root cells.
Hair is lost first from the front and top of the scalp.
Hair is lost in a well-defined pattern, beginning above both temples.
Hair is lubricated by oil from sebaceous glands in the follicle.
Hair is lubricated by sebaceous glands that are located in the hair follicle.
Hair is made alive with body.
Hair is made from a feather boa.
Hair is made of cotton warp in various colors and styles and can be washed.
Hair is made of keratin, a protein that is a product of epithelial cells.
Hair is made of keratin, the same substance that forms nails and the barrier at the top of the skin.
Hair is made of keratin.
Hair is made of keratin.
Hair is made of protein and adequate protein is necessary for luxuriant hair.
Hair is made of protein.
Hair is made of proteins that are later keratinized.
Hair is made up of a protein called keratin.
Hair is made up of dead cells filled with proteins, most of which are known as keratins.
Hair is made up of keratin, a form of protein that is mainly in our skin and even fingernails.
Hair is made up of proteins called keratins.
Hair is manageable and shinier.
Hair is merely the metaphor.
Hair is mint, one small rub on chin.
Hair is mohair from local and regional suppliers.
Hair is mohair.
Hair is more abundant at the ruff, back of the legs and on the underside of the tail.
Hair is more difficult as it is prone to break and crack off.
Hair is more like a glorious decoration given to woman.
Hair is more likely to be worn in curls for evening styles.
Hair is more luminous and shiny with noticeable life and bounce.
Hair is mostly dead tissue.
Hair is mostly protein .
Hair is much like feathers.
Hair is much more elastic than is usually realized.
Hair is much more silky and manageable.
Hair is much too big a matter to set aside.
Hair is natural.
Hair is naturals.
Hair is nature's greatest beauty enhancer.
Hair is nothing more than a non-living tissue which is made up of fibrous protein called keratin.
Hair is now slick, smooth, and shiny.
Hair is of medium texture, straight to wavy, weather resistant and of medium length.
Hair is of minimal functional benefit to humans.
Hair is often also an issue to consider.
Hair is oilier near the roots and gets drier towards the ends.
Hair is omitted in smaller sizes.
Hair is one of the defining characteristics of mammals .
Hair is our most versatile feature and kids everywhere have created their own unique styles.
Hair is out.
Hair is part of heads.
Hair is part of humans.
Hair is part of mammals.
Hair is perfumed with a blend of walnut or sesame oil and ambergris or jasmine.
Hair is present on all parts of the body except the palms, soles and the red portion of the lips.
Hair is present on the lower surface and between plates.
Hair is pretty decent.
Hair is primarily decorative in humans.
Hair is probably one of the most easily affected.
Hair is processes.
Hair is produced by cells at the base of structures called hair follicles.
Hair is produced by living cells in the hair follicles at the base of each hair.
Hair is protein.
Hair is pulled down.
Hair is ratted.
Hair is real, human, long and blond.
Hair is really an extension of the skin.
Hair is relatively inert, easy to handle, and requires no special storage facilities or conditions.
Hair is removed from the skin surface by shaving the day before treatment.
Hair is removed to make paint brushes.
Hair is retained in clip, remove basal underfur.
Hair is revitalized and healthy looking.
Hair is ripped from the scalps of people who get to the butter before they do.
Hair is rooted.
Hair is second.
Hair is shiny, straight, curly, long, short, and comes in colors.
Hair is short and smooth on the head, ears, front of forelegs and below the hockjoints.
Hair is short and smooth on the head, ears, front of forelegs and below the hocks.
Hair is short and smooth on the head, outside of ears, front of forelegs and below the hocks.
Hair is short and thin.
Hair is short in length, glossy and fine, lying close to the body.
Hair is short on the head and front of the legs.
Hair is short, slightly curled, tied, and looks like a cap.
Hair is short.
Hair is shoulder leghth.
Hair is similar to the outer layer of the skin and has no blood supply.
Hair is slightly faded pink, but very curly.
Hair is smooth and sleek.
Hair is smooths.
Hair is so funny.
Hair is soft, clean, and easier to manage.
Hair is soft, shiny and controlled even under high humidity.
Hair is softer, healthier, more manageable.
Hair is solid objects.
Hair is somewhat blond and eyes are rather brown.
Hair is sparse on the upper chest, especially on older males.
Hair is sparse.
Hair is still full and curly.
Hair is strands.
Hair is strong as a wire of iron.
Hair is styled with a blower, molding mud, and spraynet for a smooth surface and better control.
Hair is such a central issue for most women.
Hair is surprisingly flammable.
Hair is synthetic tied together with fancy gold wire.
Hair is textured with wax and hairgloss.
Hair is the fastest growing tissue in the body, second only to bone marrow.
Hair is the first thing.
Hair is the longest on the tail.
Hair is the only human substance that retains long term drug retention data.
Hair is the perfect way for women of color to express their creativity, mood and lifestyle.
Hair is the same way.
Hair is the single strand of DNA linking the movie and the TV show.
Hair IS the sixties.
Hair is then selected, the doll is assembled and the women make or buy clothes.
Hair is thick and often curly.
Hair is thicker and has great volume.
Hair is thicker, manageable, and tangle-free.
Hair is thin, sparse, brittle, easily pulled out, and turns a dull brown or reddish color.
Hair is thins.
Hair is thought to contain the mana or power and so the cutting of hair is a risky business.
Hair is tied in traditional top knot.
Hair is to be made into industrial felt or spun into yarn.
Hair is to be neat and well groomed.
Hair is to be neatly styled and off the collar.
Hair is to be pulled off the face and pinned securely into a bun, French twist, or French braids.
Hair is to be worn off the face and long hair is to be tied back.
Hair is too silky when it's clean and much harder to style.
Hair is tossed and eyelashes are batted.
Hair is tough stuff and can withstand harsh detergents.
Hair is tough to get out.
Hair is trimmed.
Hair is twisted up and pinned.
Hair is two-layered, made of parallel cylinders.
Hair is uncut but needs to be restored.
Hair is used for artist's brushes, insulation, upholstery.
Hair is used for braiding.
Hair is used for brushing.
Hair is used for combing.
Hair is used for cuttings.
Hair is used for decoration.
Hair is used for fur.
Hair is used for shampooings.
Hair is used for warmth.
Hair is used for washings.
Hair is used for wigs.
Heavy shoes walk across the wet pavement and the doors push open.
Heavy showers can produce both significant runoff and soil erosion.
Heavy sleepers are usually native to colder regions.
Heavy sleet occurs when a half of an inch of sleet accumulates.
Heavy smog is greatly decreases ultraviolet radiation.
Some heavy smoke contributes to cancer.
Some heavy smoke contributes to lung cancer.
Heavy smokers are more likely to develop stress even though most claim they smoke to relax.
Heavy smokers are more likely to feel tired after quitting.
Heavy smokers are more prone to developing ulcers, and have greater trouble getting ulcers to heal.
Heavy smokers are two to four times more likely to have a heart attack than nonsmokers.
Heavy smokers can run like the wind yet never get tired or out of breath.
Heavy smokers experience feelings of hunger more often after quitting than lighter smokers.
Heavy smokers generate large amounts of beta activity and very little alpha activity.
Heavy smokers smoke cigarettes.
Most heavy smokers have some chronic bronchiolitis and respiratory bronchiolitis.
Most heavy smokers smoke cigarettes.
Most heavy smokers use tea to alleviate harm.
Heavy smoking can cause lower milk production.
Heavy smoking can make it harder to taste foods and discriminate among smells.
Heavy smoking causes cancer.
Heavy snow can also reduce visibility and make life harder for snipers.
Heavy snow can block roads and cause downed power lines.
Heavy snow can block roads and cause power lines to fall down.
Heavy snow can damage trees and shrubs as the weight accumulates on branches.
Heavy snow can fall during the winter months.
Heavy snow can impact the interior and is common along the southern coast.
Heavy snow can impact the interior of the state, especially along the southern coast.
Heavy snow covers an evergreen forest.
Heavy snow falls with limited visibility.
Heavy snow is a lot of fun.
Heavy snow is found in the Andean region and South Patagonia.
Heavy snow is in the forecast for Denver today.
Heavy snow is likely at the higher elevations.
Heavy snow is possible at higher elevations of the central Rockies.
Heavy snow is possible at the higher elevations of the central Rockies.
Heavy snow kills off many foxes, and they die of starvation.
Heavy snow makes snow and ice removal much more difficult.
Heavy snow renders the ship less capable and consequently slows it down.
Heavy snows are infrequent.
Heavy snows can bend the seed stalks.
Heavy snows cover the volcano in winter.
Heavy snows force the animals to lower elevations in search of food.
Some heavy snow causes damage.
Some heavy snow causes property damage.
Some heavy snow causes severe damage.
Some heavy snow causes severe property damage.
Some heavy snow leads to avalanches.
Heavy snowfall accompanies blizzards.
Heavy snowfall can make roads and railroad tracks impassable.
Heavy snowfall can occur during short-lived events if the precipitation rate is high.
Heavy snowfall covers stores of buried food, and increases predation pressure.
Heavy snowfall is accompanied by gusty surface wind.
Heavy snowfall is accompanied by gusty wind.
Heavy snowfall is accompanied by surface wind.
Heavy snowfall is accompanied by wind.
Heavy snowfall isolates the valley from the rest of the world for almost six months.
Heavy snowfalls are common in the winter months.
Heavy snowfalls are infrequent and melt rapidly.
Heavy snowfalls blanket with snow most of the country.
Heavy snowfalls create a problem.
Heavy snowfalls occur on average every thirty years.
Most heavy snowfall accompanies blizzards.
Most heavy snowfall is accompanied by gusty surface wind.
Most heavy snowfall is accompanied by gusty wind.
Most heavy snowfall is accompanied by surface wind.
Most heavy snowfall is accompanied by wind.
Some heavy snowfall produces avalanches.
Heavy snowstorms are accompanied by strong wind.
Heavy snowstorms are accompanied by wind.
Heavy snowstorms hit regions.
Most heavy snowstorms are accompanied by strong wind.
Most heavy snowstorms are accompanied by wind.
Most heavy snowstorms hit regions.
Heavy soil compacts in containers and slows water and oxygen from reaching the root zone.
Heavy soil holds water for years and can cause potential flood risk.
Heavy soil needs more material than sandy soil.
Heavy soils are excellent candidates for fall tillage.
Heavy soils can cause tubers to be small and rough.
Heavy soils contain rhizomes.
Heavy soils have relatively poor drainage and aeration capabilities.
Heavy soils increase the difficulty of separating crowns when dug.
Heavy soils tend to become water-logged.
Most heavy soils contain enough natural potassium for crop and pasture growth.
Heavy speculation begets a heavy margin of error.
Heavy spools are unwieldy to carry and unwinding the cable can also be a big hassle.
Heavy spring rains falling on melting snowpack can produce disastrous flash flooding.
Heavy springs are placed at one end of each cable to absorb any shock on the wires.
Heavy stainless performs much better than lightweight aluminum, and distributes heat evenly.
Heavy stakes hang on the outcome of every faculty appointment.
Heavy stars burn up faster and grow old more rapidly than less massive stars.
Heavy starch induces heat strokes.
Heavy stems are often woody.
Heavy sticks can cause unwanted vibrations.
Heavy stomps approach, the echo flat in the stilled air but growing louder.
Heavy stones roll upon the door of tomorrow.
Heavy storms break branches and damage oak trees.
Heavy storms forecast for tonight A storm with gale-force is forecast for tonight.
Heavy stress impairs our thinking and judgment.
Heavy stress is evident in a microscopic analysis .
Heavy structures have to be built on foundation poles.
Heavy substance holds up well in the sun.
Heavy substance holds well in the sun.
Heavy surf is visible.
Heavy surf kicks up the sand from the bottom and lowers the visibility by quite a bit.
Heavy surf pounds the beach almost constantly.
Heavy syllables take precedence over light syllables in the assignment of primary lexical stress.
Heavy syrup is made with twice as much sugar as water.
Heavy tackle is recommended since anglers often encounter large rays.
Heavy tackle is required.
Heavy tails refer to the power decrease of the marginal distributions.
Some heavy tails act as rudders.
Heavy tailgate is difficult to lift for smaller persons.
Some heavy tanks have an amphibious mode in which a fabric skirt is needed to add buoyancy .
Heavy taxation is, therefore, a danger to the future of the high-tax countries.
Heavy taxes are nothing new to the airlines or to their customers.
Heavy television watching, experts say, creates passive kids who lack creativity and imagination.
Heavy things act heavy, etc.
Heavy thinning can benefit wildlife through the increased growth of ground vegetation.
Heavy thoughts bring on physical maladies.
Some heavy timber does have to be moved from time to time.
Heavy traffic can be a hoot.
Heavy traffic continues on the trail for many years.
Heavy traffic dispels the sense of loneliness.
Heavy traffic is a very common phenomenon in the queueing networks.
Heavy traffic is another factor.
Heavy traffic is another problem.
Heavy traffic is linked to increased rates of child cancer and leukemia.
Heavy traffic is located in freeways.
Heavy traffic is only present in holiday times.
Heavy traffic is predicted.
Heavy traffic is the likely cause.
Heavy traffic is the most common excuse for tardiness.
Heavy traffic means that it's sometimes difficult to connect, especially on weekday afternoons.
Heavy traffic reduces the effectiveness, requiring repeated application.
Heavy traffic slows down the response time of the individual packets.
Heavy traffic stirs up the silt on a busy weekend.
Heavy traps break corals and damage the bottom when the traps are pulled.
Heavy traps end up on top of fragile hard and soft corals.
Heavy trash includes household furnishings and appliances.
Heavy trash includes household furnishings, appliances, and bicycles.
Heavy trash is collected once per month.
Heavy travel is involved.
Heavy trucks are a problem and exacerbate the poor condition of the street.
Heavy trucks are also much noisier than other vehicles.
Heavy trucks are much less safe on local rural roads than on rural interstates.
Heavy trucks are prone to major accidents on the highways.
Heavy trucks depress the edges of curled slabs at the transverse joints.
Heavy trucks inflict at least twice the pavement damage charged to their account.
Heavy trucks loaded with sand and gravel continually pass by at speeds too fast to be safe.
Heavy usage can cause the system to slow down for all subscribers.
Heavy use adds large amounts of solids, which shorten the time between septic tank pumpings.
Heavy use adds large quantities of solids and shortens the time between pumpings.
Heavy use adds large quantities of solids and shortens the time between septic tank pumpings.
Heavy use can cause hallucinations and impair memory, concentration, and coordination.
Heavy use can cause psychosis .
Heavy use can contribute to the development of hyperkalemia.
Heavy use can degrade the service to other users.
Heavy use can lead to confusion, aggravate existing mental disorders and sap energy.
Heavy use can lead to depression, health problems and overdoses.
Heavy use can lead to mood changes, health problems and overdoses.
Heavy use can result in dependence and medical problems.
Heavy use can unleash profound psychological changes.
Heavy use develops plants with shallow roots.
Heavy use is made of a graphing calculator.
Heavy use is made of computer assignments.
Heavy use is made of diagrams, charts, tables and photos, as well as of the maps.
Heavy use is made of the computer.
Heavy use is one thing.
Heavy users are disproportionately poor, unemployed and members of minority groups.
Heavy users are prone to irrational acts.
Heavy users become dull and inattentive and sometimes unaware of their surroundings.
Heavy users can supply their font library one time, reducing time on future jobs.
Heavy users experience mild withdrawal as soon as the most recent dose wears off.
Heavy users report often congestion and coughing and pain in the lungs and throat after use.
Heavy users tend to favor MUDs and cybersex chat rooms.
Heavy vegetation combined with a damp climate can adversely affect InSAR measurements.
Heavy vegetation grows around and over cold streams dotted with slick rocks.
Heavy vegetation provides shade but eliminates most views.
Heavy vehicles are a major contributor to elevated noise levels.
Heavy vehicles can damage wet or soft backroads.
Heavy vehicles impose a heavy burden of maintenance costs on country roads.
Heavy vehicles pay higher tariffs and motor cycles pay less.
Most heavy vehicles run on diesel fuel, which contains sulfur.
Heavy viewers are less trustful of their fellow citizens, and more fearful of the real world.
Heavy viewers tend to believe that the world is a nastier place than do light viewers.
Heavy viewers tend to have more positive perceptions of U.S. wealth and living conditions.
Most heavy viewers are unaware of any influence of television viewing on their attitudes and values.
Heavy vinyl handle with socket drive size displayed on top.
Heavy vinyl nailing fins are factory-applied to aluminum clad units for easy installation.
Heavy vinyl nailing fins are factory-applied to clad units for easy installation.
Heavy volume provides legitimacy for the sudden and sharp move that creates the flagpole.
Heavy wakes can cause damage to the shoreline and affect boats already anchored.
Heavy walls divide the vault into five, nearly equal, rooms and an entry hall.
Heavy walls withstand thermal and mechanical stresses.
Heavy water contains deuterium , an isotope of hydrogen having one neutron in the nucleus.
Heavy water contains deuterium rather than ordinary hydrogen as a constituent.
Heavy water has high heat capacity.
Heavy water is a moderator
Heavy water is a suitable and convenient moderator in nuclear reactors.
Heavy water is an essential ingredient for a weapons program.
Heavy water is an excellent moderator and thus permits the use of unenriched uranium as a fuel.
Heavy water is best here.
Heavy water is chemical compounds.
Heavy water is excellent moderator.
Heavy water is moderators.
Heavy water is necessary to produce plutonium in a nuclear reactor.
Heavy water is used as a neutron moderator and coolant for nuclear reactors.
Heavy water is used both as a moderator and coolant.
Heavy water is used in the nuclear industry to slow down neutrons .
Heavy water is useful in some kinds of nuclear reactors called heavy water reactors.
Heavy water is water with a deuterium atom instead of one of the hydrogen atoms.
Heavy water reacts with uranium, thorium and structural metals.
A heavy weapon is an armament
Heavy weapons are the railgun and concussion rifle.
Heavy weapons require either tripod or vehicle mount to use.
Heavy weaponry comes with less ammo but packs quite a bit more punch.
Heavy weaponry is to be forgotten.
Heavy weight can cause lower back injuries.
Heavy weight has advantages, too.
Heavy weight is green with red binding.
Heavy weight is placed on the strength of the recommendations and meaningful research experience.
Heavy weight laminated shingles are a great replacement option for cedar shake roofs.
Heavy weights build muscle bulk, a hindrance in distance running.
Heavy weights can damage developing bones and injure growth plates.
Heavy weights can damage immature bones and joints.
Heavy weights can put too much pressure on veins.
Heavy weights recruit both the slow twitch fibers and fast twitch fibers.
Heavy wind is blowing.
Heavy winds are common and make chairlift construction impractical.
Heavy winds are common in the surrounding desert.
Heavy winds can shut the fishing off.
Heavy winds do damage in city and suburbs.
Heavy winter strikes Europe.
Heavy wood handle with stainless rivets.
Heavy wood lasts longer than plywood.
Heavy woods hunting sometimes requires picking small targets and a scope is invaluable.
Heavy wool socks as outer layers are great.
Heavy wool socks to prevent blistering.
Heavy work Getting the rocks into place is no small feat.
Heavy work is done for uclient.
Heavy work is part of the program.
Heavy workloads require time.
Heavy wrecks are rare though and that is a good thing.
A heavy is a role
Heavies are actors.
Heavies are characters.
Heavies are fun to play.
Heavies lace up at the front like normal shoes but also have an ankle strap for more support.
Heavies nowadays are freakin' huge.
Heavyweight base has a felt cushion to prevent marring.
Heavyweight containers have the added benefit of being reusable.
Heavyweight fabric requires a heavyweight thread and lightweight fabric requires a finer thread.
Heavyweight fabrics requires heavyweight thread and lightweight fabrics requires a finer thread.
Heavyweight legs stays.
Heavyweight styles have a five-piece flannel liner.
Heavyweight thinkers whine about the bitmap jaggies.
Heavyweight trousers are useful higher up in the mountains in the morning and at night.
Most heavyweight vehicles require long breaking distances to make a stop.
A heavyweight is a gladiator
Heavyweights are available for color copier use only.
Heavyweights are boxers.
Heavyweights are films.
Heavyweights are wrestlers.
Heavyweights mature late.
Heavyweights usually function as desktop replacements.
Any heavyweight can throw a knockout punch.
Hebei is part of Asia.
Hebei isa thing.
Heberden nodes are bumps that occur at the last joint of the finger or thumb due to arthritis.
Most Hebrew books seem to have no idea how students learn.
Hebrew classes are available at three levels.
Every Hebrew conversation sounds like an argument, with voices raised and arms flailing in the air.
Hebrew elders begin to write Old Testament books of Bible.
Hebrew fonts are helpful.
Hebrew history is absolutely silent about Hebrew worship during the sojourn in Egypt.
Hebrew inscriptions adorn some of the buildings.
Hebrew inscriptions are still visible on some of the houses.
Hebrew instruction is accomplished by a paid professional staff.
Hebrew instruction is focused on liturgical Hebrew.
Hebrew language is a root word system.
Hebrew language is an essential component of Jewish education and academic Jewish studies.
Hebrew language is taught by a highly professional and experienced staff.
Hebrew lessons begin for pre-schoolers and extend to adult learners.
Hebrew letters are in blue.
Hebrew letters are in relief.
Hebrew letters can also serve as numbers like Roman numerals.
Hebrew letters flow in different directions.
Hebrew letters have numerical equivalents.
Hebrew letters jump out in relief on copper shutters that illustrate major Jewish holidays.
Hebrew letters stand for numbers which weigh and determine the value of a word or words.
Every Hebrew letter has a numerical value.
Hebrew literature is dynamic, concrete, and moves on a relational plane.
Hebrew literature records a third form of letter substitution, called atbah.
Many Hebrew majors go on to pursue graduate and professional training as well.
Hebrew manuscripts decorate the entire word .
Hebrew music seems to have emphasized rhythm over melody.
Hebrew name is chosen.
Hebrew names are often descriptions.
Hebrew names have meaning and their spelling and numerology are considered significant.
Hebrew orthography does have an option to represent vowels in the script.
Hebrew phrase is tohu and bohu.
Hebrew poetry takes one idea and states that idea in two different ways.
Hebrew prayer is like type O blood, the universal donor.
All Hebrew readers are welcome.
Hebrew reading is required.
Hebrew scholars hold with the idea of continuous creation.
Hebrew school can wait.
Hebrew school is hard and there's lots going on.
Hebrew script is used.
Hebrew scriptures are a prominent example of such old writing.
Hebrew son is similarly broad.
Hebrew songs bookend the stories.
Hebrew speakers call it sheleg.
Hebrew study takes place prior to post-high school study.
Some Hebrew terms have no English equivalent which corresponds to the original meaning.
Hebrew tradition relates the color grey to wisdom.
Hebrew tradition says the fruit was an apricot.
Hebrew tutors are available to provide individual and small group support.
All Hebrew verbs consist of three root letters.
Hebrew version is available.
Hebrew vocabulary is included in the instruction.
Hebrew word is yom.
Hebrew words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
Hebrew words are conspicuously absent.
Hebrew words are made by combining a root with a pattern .
Hebrew words are made by combining a root with a pattern.
All Hebrew words derive from a root, most often a three-letter combination.
Many Hebrew words consist of just three consonant with the vowels left out.
Most Hebrew words are only two to four letters in length.
Most Hebrew words change their meaning when pronounced differently.
Some Hebrew words have a slightly different equivalent depending upon the context it is used in.
Hebrew work is helpful.
Hebridean music uses the fiddle, accordion, and flute more than the bagpipe.
A hecatomb is killing
Hecatomb plays quickly, but with a fair amount of tactical depth.
A heckelphone is a reed
Heckelphones are custom made, so no two fingering systems are exactly the same.
A heckle is a comb
Every heckle is heard clearly by everybody in the building.
A heckler is a person
Heckler enables users to make contact with the television or datacast programming.
Heckler looks down and stomps on the floor, looking for a trap door.
Heckler points to the audience.
Heckler pulls down the screen, pulling the top toward the audience to the floor.
Heckler returns to the stage.
Heckler throws the underwear onto the other clothes.
Hecklers are loud.
Hecklers are members of the audience who harass or taunt the comic while the comic is on the stage.
Hecklers are troublemakers.
Hecklers are welcome.
All hecklers loudly argue the observer's decision.
HECS payment is calculated on the student s study load.
Hectic lifestyles cause many to grab fast foods and stay on the run.
Hectic preparations are afoot on both sides of the border.
Hector attends a stress management course each week at school.
Hector calls for torches to burn the ships.
Hector carries the day for staying outside of the walls and fighting it out.
Hector comes down on Greeks as an eagle swoops on a flock of birds.
Hector continues to fight.
Hector enjoys Christian music and concerts most of all.
Hector falsely confesses to the crime.
Hector goes above and beyond that.
Hector has a good idea here, it just needs to be presented a little more concisely.
Hector has a similar agenda.
Hector has an innate ability to get along with all people and treat everyone with respect.
Hector has reflex sympathetic dystrophy.
Hector is a high school student taking algebra.
Hector is a lone eagle picking off the distracted birds as they fly around in confusion.
Hector is a pretty new mage.
Hector is a self made racing success story.
Hector is a sensitive and passionate artist.
Hector is a shared memory multiprocessor based on a hierarchy of unidirectional slotted rings.
Hector is also a little banged up.
Hector is an abrasive, pompous jerk.
Hector is an excellent outside shooter.
Hector is an excellent student.
Hector is described to have to grow up in many different places, and too never have had a real home.
Hector is especially ill-suited to life around liquids.
Hector is Hispanic and more angry and meaner.
Hector is inspired to challenge a Greek warrior.
Hector is now way far beyond doggie adolescence and, in computer-years, that's even longer.
Hector is our defensive catalyst.
Hector is suspicious of both women.
Hector needs a diluted solution of hydrochloric acid.
Hector places more players on the super team than any other AA school.
Hector rallies the captains and breaches the wall.
Hector refuses to fight more than a symbolic moment, because of their relationship.
Hector returns to battle.
Hector returns to the city to placate Athena.
Hector rushes forward three times and is repulsed three times.
Hector stirs up the chiefs challenging the men to go on a night raid.
Hector taunts Diomedes.
Hector uses a hose to wash some fuel off the side of the boat and into the water.
Hector visits the Greek tents for a friendly dinner.
Hectors has products and knowledge that only professionals can provide.
A hedge fund is a fund
Hedge funds are investment companies.
Most hedge funds are also able to use non-traditional strategies such as futures and currencies.
Most hedge funds are small specialist shops with two or three people.
Hogan is factually distinguishable and inapposite to the cause at bar.
Hogan is fostered in Oak Ridge, Missouri.
Hogan is hurt in an explosion.
Hogan is in the back, second from left.
Hogan is large around the middle, but has a simple and beautiful swing.
Hogan is optimistic.
Hogan is remembered by historians as being a dark, taciturn sort.
Hogan is the associate director of priests for life.
Hogan is the first musician to visit campus as chair holder.
Hogan just wants to get home.
Hogan lays down for Sting scuttling the Havoc main event.
Hogan move the previous question.
Hogan moves out of the way.
Hogan offers a formidable litigation team, especially in appellate work.
Hogan plays air guitar.
Hogan recommends learning portion sizes.
Hogan remains optimistic about the ability to manage change in thislarger arena.
Hogan returns with what feels like a feature-length vanity project.
Hogan says what constitutes a normal amount depends on the individual child.
Hogan sees it as a fun undermining rather than a dissection.
Hogan shoots hats and grazes hands.
Hogan slams Flair twice into the cage.
Hogan slices into the part with delicious invective and lands some of the best mean laughs.
Hogan states that case law requires employers to minimize the infringement upon employees' rights.
Hogan still loves to build and ride motorcycles.
Hogan stretches DDP out.
Hogan suggests that shyness is a major impediment to healthy psychological functioning.
Hogan suggests that some societies and cultures become dysfunctional and fail.
Hogan suggests that two types of experience contribute to the development of empathetic behavior.
Hogan turns that fantasy a into beautiful, well-plotted novel.
Hogan views all purposive social behavior as occurring within the context of rule systems.
Hogan walks away as champ.
Hogan wants to be the one and only immortal Hulk Hogan.
Hogan works for one of the local home health agencies.
Hogan works fulltime at a bookstore.
Hogans are lodges.
Hogans are round and cone shaped.
Hogan's no good.
Every hogan has a name, prayers and a song.
Hogbacks get their name because they resemble the high, knobby spines of pigs.
Hogensborg soils are very deep, and have fine, smectitic particle-size control sections.
Hoh soils are coarse-loamy and lack a cambic horizon.
All Hoist equipment is designed to be handicap accessible.
Hoist hook is attached to the load cell at the bottom of the frame.
Hoist rings are versitile due to the rotating mount and flipping ring.
A hoist is a lifting device
Hoists are located in docks.
Hoists are located in factories.
Hoists are located in marinas.
Hoists are located in parties.
Hoists are located in workshops.
Hoists are used for lift.
Hoists are used for liftings.
Hoists can reduce the weight burden.
Hoists lift the gates on the operating platform.
Some hoists refer to a specific person.
Hokey pokey is also the name of the most popular flavour of ice cream in New Zealand.
Hokianga people are mostly financially poor, work being hard to find, though once there was plenty.
Hokie fans can rest a little easier.
Hokusai paintings are some of the best in the world.
Hold times are long, abandonment rates are high.
A hold is prehension
HOLD accomplishes the same function.
HOLD allows user to place caller on hold.
Hold is broken.
Hold is placed on future registration until readmission is granted.
HOLD is the default.
Hold passes, receipts, etc.
HOLD provides some important evidence.
HOLD suggests the order be reversed.
Holds are abundant.
Holds are available for books only.
Holds are available to all registered borrowers.
Holds are cells.
Holds are control.
Holds are extra.
Holds are now easier than ever.
Holds are special requests to have materials held for individuals when they become available to use.
Holds can be due to outstanding library fines, lab fees, residency holds and business office fees.
Holds come in every shape and color imaginable.
Holds copy flat.
Holds doctorate in civil engineering.
Holds fall and spring meetings with business sessions and other activities.
Holds have to be written into rules to be effective.
Holds mesh in place and prevents slippage.
Holds See the complete registration guide for information on holds.
Holds tend to be large and edgy.
ALL hold reins front.
All holds are available for display using a scroll bar.
Some holds are legal only if used in specific ways.
Some holds are more comfortable than others for women who are recovering from a cesarean section.
Holden beach is a quiet, family beach with broad beaches and quaint shops.
Holden officers are physically fit, highly motivated, and well educated.
Holden people welcome back.
A holder is a device
Holder accommodates flat or round soapstone and pencils.
Holder also spends a lot of time representing the station wherever the opportunity presents itself.
Holder can be person, persons or the public generally.
Holder clamps onto surface with easy to use C - clamp.
Holder fits snugly over tissue box.
Holder has a curved, stainless steel handle.
Holder has a simple, yet elegant design.
Holder has light wear.
Holder has plenty of room for a business card size advertisement in the bottom of the case.
Holder intends to make a difference in the area of civil rights.
Holder is an expert in urban crime issues and an advocate of community prosecution.
Holder is available in left or right handed models.
Holder is available to prepare the abutment chair side or by the laboratory.
Holder is filled with floral foam for easy arranging of flowers.
Holder is gold tone featuring an elaborate design with strong Scandinavian influence.
Holder is gripped directly by hand.
Holder is in excellent condition.
Holder is no friend to either man.
Holder is over all apx.
Holder is provided an opportunity to correct items of non-compliance.
Holder is rotated so that reflector faces photomultiplier tube.
Holder is steel, plastic coated in white.
Holder isa device.
Holder knows mechanics, navigation, weather, seamanship with more experience in varied conditions.
Holder offers three lists.
Holder receives principal and interest payments from the pool of mortages.
Holder remains firmly attached during processing.
Holder remembers it differently.
Holders are also available in various styles and configurations.
Holders are also available to secure the utensil to a person's hand.
Holders are available for both bucket and pan.
Holders are available for both parallel and serial ports.
Holders are available in three barrel diameters.
Holders are double injected molded.
Holders are of heavy-duty construction, built to withstand very high welding temperatures.
Holders are on loan from the vendor.
Holders are owners.
Holders are readily available or free.
Holders are removable.
Holders are solid objects.
Holders are unnecessary.
Holders can also request the file layouts for creating their own electronic reports.
Holders can be anything.
Holders can be either straight, curved or a clamping type.
Holders can be men, women or teenagers.
Holders can buy or sell at a specifically set price on or before a specific date.
Holders can include hotel staff and other service providers.
Holders come in vinyl or paper, and can be made to open on the side or the top.
Holders come with double faced tape to secure to bench or wall.
Holders contain no harmful agents.
Holders hang at work site.
Holders have (part) sections.
Holders have a bracket that can accommodate most air filters and regulators as well.
Holders have counterweights for stability.
Holders have options.
Holders have question concern use.
Holders have use.
Holders hold preloads, which are self-contained.
Holders hook together to allow easy location in a camera bag.
Holders mount to the under side of work surface or to an end gable.
Holders receive dividends before profits are distributed to holders of common stock.
Holders receive interest in two parts.
Holders stretch to grip tools tightly, return to original size and shape.
Every holder is required to file and remit property within the time prescribed.
Many holders require certified funds for reinstatement.
Most holders have options.
Most holders have question concern use.
Some holders are one size fits all, while others have to be made to fit a specific holder.
Some holders attempt to empty their bowels before even embarking on the camping trip.
Some holders become high school mathematics teachers.
Some holders become school mathematics teachers.
Some holders become secondary school mathematics teachers.
Some holders become secondary teachers.
Some holders become teachers.
Some holders have authority.
Some holders have degrees.
Some holders meet requirements.
Some holders use rifles.
Holdfasts are structures that anchor brown algae to rocks.
Holding affects crossing traffic.
Holding can do that to some children.
Holding isa activity.
Holding needs the void as that which holds.
Holding smiles too long to be trite.
Holdings also contain collections relating to law, history, journalism and religion.
Holdings appear below each entry beginning with the mnemonic code for each participating library.
Holdings are also strong in such traditional collecting areas as history, literature, and the arts.
Holdings are available for local onsite checkout only.
Holdings are available for public use, subject to some restrictions placed by offices and donors.
Holdings are available on the online catalog.
Holdings are available through the Online Catalog .
Holdings are available to the public.
Holdings are both historical and current and include photographs, theses and written materials.
Holdings are complete unless otherwise indicated.
Holdings are diversified among small, medium and large companies.
Holdings are diversified to some degree by market sector as well as by capitalization range.
Holdings are erratic and incomplete.
Holdings are extensive in philosophy, literature, classics, and history of science.
Holdings are from various dates.
Holdings are in print, microform and electronic format.
Holdings are incomplete but growing.
Holdings are incomplete in earlier years.
Holdings are incomplete.
Holdings are land owned, rented, or leased.
Holdings are limited to interests in real property.
Holdings are more complete for post World War II buildings.
Holdings are most extensive in philosophy, literature, classics, and the history of science.
Holdings are mostly nineteenth century monographs.
Holdings are of four types - law, guilds, temples and sources.
Holdings are on cover card - treat as a regular cover card.
Holdings are rather common in the Ukraine.
Holdings are sporadic.
Holdings are still relatively large.
Holdings are strongest for Brazil and Mexico.
Holdings are strongest in language arts and mathematics, although many other areas are represented.
Holdings are subject to change.
Holdings are unaudited and subject to change.
Holdings are well rounded across all areas of Urdu publishing.
Holdings begin with medieval manuscripts and early printed books.
Holdings can change at any time.
Holdings can contain unlimited types of data.
Holdings change over time.
Holdings comprise books, periodicals.
Holdings contain institutional records, personal papers of individuals, fine arts, and artifacts.
Holdings continue on CD-ROM format.
Holdings cover a wide range of topics in the areas of science and mathematics.
Holdings currently consist of approx.
Holdings currently consist of ca.
Holdings encompass all major areas of legal scholarship and practice.
Holdings Indicates holding libraries, call numbers, and circulation status.
Holdings is the traditional top-level interface to Madrigal.
Holdings now amount to some four thousand items, and the collection continues to grow.
Holdings range from a sixteenth-century volume to the most current issue of the campus newspaper.
Holdings range from home movies to television news.
Holdings range from Neolithic terra-cotta to contemporary Chinese paintings.
Holdings refers to the building containing the print journal.
Holdings reflect the three subjects of interest, culture, recreation and sports.
Holdings relating to Florida politics and politicians are extensive.
Holdings report on personnel records.
Holdings report personnel records.
Holdings shows the specific parts of the serial or a multi-volume work held by a library.
Holdings therefore are uneven.
Holdings therefore are very extensive.
Holdings therefore are virtually complete.
Holdings use specific abbreviations and punctuation .
Holdings vary widely by state and particular periodical.
All holding is accomplished with the child lying across the parent's lap.
All holdings are available in the libraries' Web catalog.
All holdings are complete unless specified.
All holdings are incomplete.
All holdings provide food and accommodation for the student.
Many holdings are fragmentary or in very short runs.
Most holdings are incomplete.
Most holdings are on-line.
Most holdings are small mixed farming and ranching operations.
Most holdings change over time.
Some holdings are unlisted.
A holdout is a communicator
Holdouts are rare.
Holdouts lose the tax advantages and compounding effect of regular saving.
Holdup suspenders come in various styles and color, including sports theme pattern.
Holdup time is approximately inversely proportional to the load.
Holdup time is increased when a power supply is lightly loaded.
A holdup is a robbery
Holdups are common.
A hole is an opening
Hole agree Glory upon privacy through that tipping meanwhile maintains from a century.
Hole burn against that falcons football.
Hole consider between lots badminton racquet.
Hole cut here is for a test coupon in way of area where outer laminate started peeling off.
Hole demands a straight tee shot.
Hole digging activities undermine earthen dams and dikes.
Hole drilling for wall hanging is optional.
Hole extends from sidewalk to street, causing hazardous walking and driving conditions.
HOLE is a very very great band.
Hole is larger on one side than the other.
Hole isa gap.
Hole needs to be work center type date empl.
Hole plays a club shorter on the approach.
Hole plays into the wind.
Hole prepare about any offer neither cook peta wilson.
Hole punch a few holes.
Hole punch each section at the top and bottom.
Hole punch each short end of the strip.
Hole punch one corner of the recipe card and hang it from the raffia bow.
Hole punch the edges for sewing with yarn.
Hole punch the lid and string a piece of yarn though for hanging purposes.
Hole punch the top of each additional piece.
Hole punch the top of each hook.
Hole punch the upper left corner of each card.
Hole punch the ziploc bags and include in the craft binder.
Hole punch Trace and cut out pattern on left.
Hole punch two holes in the top of the circular paper plate.
Hole punch two holes in the top of the cone, directly across from each other.
Hole punch two holes in the top of the container, directly across from each other.
Hole punch two holes on the top of the mouse and one on the rounded end of the mouse.
Hole punch white paper, for white dots.
Hole rhymes with poll, pole and goal.
Hole rises slightly uphill and the front bunker is right up next to the green.
Hole set is similar to a center in basketball.
Hole sounds the same as whole.
Hole spacing on the chanter is just slightly wider than the pipe chanter.
Hole sponsors on each hole with trinkets.
Hole stretching causes a fairly large hole, some as big as dime, with a gauge inside.
Hole think Brother around most joy off the cattle.
Holes allow convenient storage in loose-leaf notebooks.
Holes allow drainage.
Holes allow for air flow while protecting radiator from messy bug splatters.
Holes allow increased water penetration.
Holes allow incremental positioning of framing members and components.
Holes allow oxygen to enter and lead to problems with silage quality due to aerobic deterioration.
Holes allow the natural juices of the meat to run off.
Holes allow the shoe to remain as light as air.
Holes allow water in, keep line wet for longer casts.
Holes also extend from the center hol e out to the end of each lobe tip.
Holes appear and bones start to grind against each other.
Holes appear in all the organs.
Holes appear in bones replacing normal bone with scar tissue and extra blood vessels.
Holes appear in flowers and then in leaves.
Holes appear in the wall, and the chains supporting the platform snap.
Holes appear in unopened rosebuds.
Holes appear in vessel walls and blood leaks out into the tissues.
Holes appear in victims' brains, then they become demented and die.
Holes are a fairly infrequent occurence and resolved using the approach mentioned above.
Holes are a highly popular landscape feature.
Holes are absence.
Holes are actually, very simple to repair.
Holes are all relatively short.
Holes are bigger in the center and right.
Holes are books.
Holes are bored in the cylinder head for the valve stems.
Holes are close together.
Holes are defects.
Holes are drilled behind the duct into the hollow spaces within the blocks.
Holes are dug, dirt is moved, dust is made.
Holes are essential for leather and vinyl shoes, to prevent water from standing.
Holes are expensive to repair and unsightly even after they have been filled and painted.
Holes are important as shelter for many of the large and small animals of Australia.
Holes are in belt for a breast plate to attach.
Holes are initially farther apart than for previous slides.
Holes are just vulnerabilities.
Holes are located in buttons.
Holes are located in dirt.
Holes are located in donuts.
Holes are located in doughnuts.
Holes are located in golf courses.
Holes are located in green.
Holes are located in ground.
Holes are located in locks.
Holes are located in notebook paper.
Holes are located in old socks.
Holes are located in pockets.
Holes are located in swiss cheese.
Holes are located in walls.
Holes are lower than the surface of the wafer and pegs are higher than the wafer.
Holes are mixed between wooded terrain and flat, open stretches.
Holes are moderately useful.
Holes are moveable.
Holes are necessary for electrical connections.
Holes are negative space.
Holes are openings.
Holes are part of golf courses.
Holes are picturesque and of good length.
Holes are primarily due to hanging pictures or other wall decorations.
Holes are ready for blacktop.
Holes are short, and there are few obstacles.
Holes are space.
Holes are the same size on both shakers.
Holes are used for black.
Holes are used for dirt.
Holes are used for entries.
Holes are used for hide.
Holes are used for planting.
Holes are used for screws.
Holes are used for water.
Holes are usually small and can be easily repaired in the field.
Holes are vacant states in the valence band that are created when an electron is removed.
Holes begin to fill in.
Holes blends a serious topic with light humor.
Holes can also occur anywhere in the spill.
Holes can also occur in the scope of a parameter definition.
Holes can also weaken the helmet.
Holes can be especially grabby and lead to terminal swims.
Holes can become quite large and flimsy retinal vessels bridge holes.
Holes can expand very quickly and ruin an otherwise repairable carpet.
Holes can include standard fits and clearances designations.
Holes can move readily along such stripes without upsetting the chessboard pattern elsewhere.
Holes can plug.
Holes carry the same Feature Code and Feature ID as the parent polygon.
Holes carry the same Feature Code and Feature ID as the parent.
Holes come in a variety of geometries and sizes.
Holes develop in the membrane separating the nostrils.
Holes do that.
Holes get smaller the closer they get to the pin.
Holes have a lot of sources.
Holes have a variety of skill levels.
Holes have many different parameters.
Holes have names that sum up their challenge.
Holes have the opposite properties of the medium's components.
Holes have to be cut where the woofers are to be mounted.
Holes have to sawed in drywall panels for fitting vents, plumbing fixtures, and electrical outlets.
Holes hold water.
Holes make it easier for a wheelchair's front wheels to drop to a level parallel with the tracks.
Holes open up but close too fast.
Holes play generally short.
Hourly relationships mean exactly that.
Hourly remuneration covers both actual classroom teaching and preparation before class.
Hourly rental is dirt cheap.
Hourly rentals are available.
Hourly reserves are in-house only.
Hourly salary does depend on major and experience.
Hourly searches are available.
Hourly sessions are by appointment only.
Hourly spaces are profitable.
Hourly staff receive overtime compensation at one and one-half times the hourly rate.
Hourly staff receives a one-hour release during working hours to attend.
Hourly summaries showing the percentage of products delivered to each site also are available.
Hourly temperatures are also available in a raw form.
Hourly time announce.
Hourly usage is based on a calendar month.
Hourly usage is billed monthly.
Hourly wage is commensurate with experience.
Hourly wage is negotiable based on experience.
Hourly wage is negotiable depending on experience.
Hourly wage is negotiable.
Hourly wage is to be determined.
Hourly wage is used for hourly employees only.
Hourly wages apply.
Hourly wages are dependent upon position and experience.
Hourly wages are dependent upon position.
Hourly wages are dependent upon the position.
Hourly wages are up at the fastest rate in two decades.
Hourly wages are up.
Hourly wages begin at the current federal minimum wage.
Hourly wages can run from a few dollars to hundreds of dollars per hour.
Hourly wages depend on the establishment.
Hourly wages vary according to experience and the prevailing rates paid where the jobs are located.
Hourly wages vary depending on job responsibilities.
Hourly wages vary depending on the individual job.
Hourly wages vary with each position.
Hourly wages vary with the type of work and the student's experience.
Some hourly work is sometimes available linked to faculty grants and contracts.
Hourly workers are closer to receiving an election year fillip in their paychecks.
Hous e begins to appear monthly.
A house arrest is a confinement
House arrest is the equivelant of receiving a traffic ticket for murder.
House bands perform on weeknights, and national blues acts play on the weekends.
House bees perform tasks.
House breaking is natural to even the youngest of puppies.
House builders to take advantage.
House calls are also available.
House calls are available as needed.
House calls are available by appointment.
House calls are available for both large and small animals by appointment.
House calls are highly advantageous when it comes to gathering information in behavior cases.
House calls are rare.
House calls occur during the day time and early evening at the availability of the physician.
House calls provide the backbone of any effective organizing campaign.
House cats employ a vocal repertoire that extends from a purr to a screech.
House centipedes capture prey.
House centipedes have jaws.
House centipedes have legs.
Most house centipedes have jaws.
Most house centipedes have legs.
Some house centipedes are distinguished by legs.
Some house centipedes are distinguished by long legs.
Some house centipedes have dark stripes.
Some house centipedes have stripes.
House churches continue to grow rapidly in Beijing.
House churches operate more freely.
House churches provides an excellent atmosphere to develop and utilize the spiritual gifts.
House concerts play an important role in the touring artist's life.
Many house concerts begin early with a pot-luck meal prior to the concert.
Some house concerts have guests bring a dessert or beverage to share between sets.
House construction can affect radon levels.
House construction is a two-phase program.
House construction is lightweight but strong.
House construction is the main line of study with commercial building construction mixed in.
House construction is the second most important reason reported for household indebtedness.
House crickets are largely tan or brown in color, whereas field crickets are largely black.
House crickets are nocturnal, staying hidden during the day.
House crickets enter houses through any cracks and crevices they find, including an open door.
House crickets live in buildings and are straw-colored.
House crickets live in pastures like field crickets.
House dust mites feed on shed skin.
House dust mites feed on skin.
House dust mites go through life stages.
House dust mites go through major life stages.
House dust mites go through stages.
Most house dust mites feed on shed skin.
Most house dust mites feed on skin.
Most house dust mites go through life stages.
Most house dust mites go through major life stages.
Most house dust mites go through stages.
House elves have.
A house finch is a finch
House finches adapt to presence.
House finches are sweet.
House finches have heads.
House finches have songs.
Most house finches have heads.
Most house finches have songs.
House fire is tragedies.
House fires are a leading cause of death among children.
House fires cause the most burn injury deaths in all ages in the United States.
House fires develop and spread rapidly.
Many house fires are the result of food left burning on the stove.
Most house fires are determined to be accidental and preventable.
Most house fires occur at night while people are sleeping.
House gardens are more diverse than swiddens.
House geckos live in areas.
Most house geckos live in areas.
Some house geckos require light.
A house guest is a guest
House guests have the choice of appetizer or soup and salad, entree and dessert.
House hunters are alert to energy costs, too.
Most house hunters are very concerned with the views they see looking out of the windows of a house.
House hunting are human activities.
House hunting are seekings.
House hunting begins at home - with planning.
House hunting begins at home.
House hunting can be an exhausting experience.
House hunting can be time consuming and frustrating.
House hunting is meant to be a chore.
House insurance provides varying levels of cover against such unhappy events.
House leaders agree on that point.
House leaders are unsure the document was produced on a computer inside the chamber.
House leaders call that an unacceptable, short-term fix.
House leaders have a budget proposal drafted but refused to say what it includes for state workers.
House leaders propose a five year extension to the tax moratorium.
House leagues offer good fun, sportsmanship and friendly competition.
House lights can scare off female turtles from nesting on the beach.
A house martin is a martin
House martins can build lightweight, durable homes very rapidly.
A house mouse is a mouse
House mice are also important prey items for many small predators.
House mice are excellent climbers and can run up any rough vertical surface.
House mice are generalists in their diet.
House mice are generally most active at night, although some are active during the day.
House mice are generally nocturnal, although some are active during the day in human dwellings.
House mice are good climbers.
House mice are gray or brown rodents with relatively large ears and small eyes.
House mice are host to a variety of parasites.
House mice are inquisitive and actively explore anything new.
House mice are light brown to dark gray in color with a lighter colored belly.
House mice are nibblers and like to try new foods.
House mice are primarily nocturnal.
House mice are second only to humanity as the most populous mammals in urban areas.
House mice are small and can enter buildings through openings as small as inch.
House mice are small and can enter buildings through openings very small.
House mice are subordinant to harvest mice and meadow voles.
House mice are tiny compared to elephants.
House mice are very prolific rodents.
House mice are very prolific.
House mice can also destroy huge amounts of stored food.
House mice can climb well and readily jump from high places.
House mice can establish long-term residence in homes and offices.
House mice cause damage.
House mice cause structural damage to buildings by their gnawing and nest building activities.
House mice cause structural damage to buildings by their gnawing and nest-building activities.
House mice cause structural damage.
House mice chew or shred anything that they can.
House mice consume food.
House mice contribute to the spread of several human and animal diseases, including bubonic plague.
House mice eat almost anything, but they prefer grains and grain products.
House mice eat many types of food but prefer seeds and grain.
House mice eat seeds, crops, insects, and even such things as soap and glue.
House mice eat storm-petrel eggs.
House mice enter structures.
House mice feed on cereal grain.
House mice feed on grain.
House mice have tracheae.
House mice live and thrive under a variety of conditions in and around homes and farms.
House mice live and thrive under a variety of conditions.
House mice rely on pheromone.
House mice scuttle out from under the refrigerator, munch a few scraps and scuttle back.
House mice share characteristics.
House mice share reproductive characteristics.
House mice share several characteristics.
House mice survive environments.
House mice tend to have longer tails and darker fur when living closely with humans.
House mice use both audible and ultrasonic calls in a variety of contexts.
House mice walk, run and stand on all fours.
House mice weigh ounces.
House mouses are mammals.
House mouses are mouses.
House mouses are omnivores.
Most house mice cause damage.
Most house mice cause structural damage.
Most house mice consume food.
Most house mice enter structures.
Most house mice feed on cereal grain.
Most house mice feed on grain.
Most house mice have tracheae.
Most house mice rely on pheromone.
Most house mice share reproductive characteristics.
Most house mice share several characteristics.
Most house mice survive environments.
Most house mice weigh ounces.
Some house mice carry bacteria.
Some house mice have adult body length.
Some house mice have body length.
Some house mice have expression.
Some house mice have length.
Some house mice prefer seeds.
Some house mice transmit diseases.
House moves are nothing unusual.
House number is at the end of the drive.
House number is on mailbo x post.
House number is on mailbox post.
House number is on the house.
House numbers are in parentheses.
House numbers indicate the street and avenue on which the house can be found.
Houses of assignation is more like it.
House of worship is a building
Houses of worship are among the few places where genuine community can still be found.
Houses of worship are another possibility.
Houses of worship are open to all people.
Houses of worship are some of the world's most beautiful buildings.
Houses of worship are the expression of the noblest and best sentiments of the heart.
Houses of worship can also sponsor non-partisan candidate forums.
Houses of worship can illuminate stained glass, bell towers or other architectural features.
Houses of worship continue to burn.
Houses of worship do a good job of preaching unity, but an even better job of separating by race.
Houses of worship is places of worship.
Most houses of worship are still fairly segregated. . . .
Most houses of worship are still fairly segregated.
House officers are eligible for a variety of optional insurance plans, at additional cost.
House officers are eligible for individual or family coverage.
House officers can easily find housing within a five-mile radius of the hospitals.
House officers can elect to participate in a supplemental retirement annuity plan.
All house officers receive three weeks vacation per year.
All house officers receive, on average, one weekend day off per week.
House order is also important.
House owners are relatively free to modify their homes to suit their personal needs.
House owners can do whatever they want inside, so long as the facades conform with the rest.
All house owners are of different nationalities.
Most house owners have insurance to cover damages to the house or the owner s property.
Some house painters enjoy health.
Some house painters live on diets.
House painting is trade
House painting uses only the highest quality materials and workmanship available.
A house party is a party
House parties are a great place to get new customers and new prospects.
House parties are great.
House parties are of no cost at all except for some cost of a pot luck supper.
House parties are parties.
House parties are popular as well as the annual events that take place.
Many house parties survive off of left behind items.
House pets act.
House pets are to be discouraged.
House pets are usually the source.
House plants are always nice.
House plants are cheery, and there's some evidence they clean pollutants from the air.
House plants are flowers.
House plants are important and attractive in a home.
House plants are sensitive to natural or blended gas.
House plants are simply plants that once grew and thrived in their ideal natural climates.
House plants can also be a problem.
House plants can and do differ in their needs for water, soil and light.
House plants can really liven up any room.
House plants can vary greatly, depending on their source.
House plants do best with clean leaves.
House plants tend to dislike drafts and air pollution.
Many house plants are poisonous.
Many house plants are toxic.
Many house plants can cause illness or death.
Many house plants have very small, thick, waxy leaves and few stomates.
Most house plants can, however, tolerate light from north and east windows.
Most house plants like to be kept consistently moist.
Most house plants require specific soil conditions for health.
Most house plants thrive in moderate to bright, indirect light.
Most house plants tolerate normal temperature fluctuations.
Some house plants are also poisonous, as are some plants found outside, like Virginia creeper.
Some house plants are more effective than others.
Some house plants are poisonous.
Some house plants are very particular about soil and fertilizer.
Some house plants can be quite harmful if ingested by an animal.
House prices appear to be stabilising.
House prices are both higher and continue to rise faster than anywhere else in the United Kingdom.
House prices are high.
House prices are low compared with many areas of the country and the quality of life is good.
House prices are low, so is cost of living generally.
House prices are more expensive than most parts of England .
House prices are more expensive than most parts of England.
House prices are on thier way down and so are rents.
House prices are the highest in the region.
House prices are too expensive.
House prices continue to surge.
House prices double every ten years.
Many house rabbits have several different breeds in their background.
Some house rabbits have trouble.
Some house rabbits live in laundry rooms.
Some house rabbits live in rooms.
Some house rabbits suffer from problems.
Some house rabbits suffer from respiratory problems.
House rules make a clear distinction between appropriation and legislation.
A house sparrow is a sparrow
House sparrows are animals.
House sparrows are at home in cities and towns, as well as around barns and feedlots in the country.
House sparrows are gregarious little birds that have adapted well to living in the city.
House sparrows are in decline in parts of Europe.
House sparrows are often a problem at the feeder.
House sparrows are often one of the only birds willing to live in inner cities.
House sparrows are primarily granivorous.
House sparrows are strong competitors for nest sites.
House sparrows can also dominate bird feeders.
House sparrows can be a problem in bluebird or martin houses.
House sparrows can be very vocal in large groups but are quieter when isolated.
House sparrows can rear three broods in a season.
House sparrows eat grains and seeds, our discarded food, and insects.
House sparrows feed on seeds.
House sparrows lay white eggs, spotted and freckled with grey and pale brown.
House sparrows live for several years.
House sparrows live for years.
House sparrows require diets.
House sparrows show a clear circadian rhythm with regard to their activity levels.
House sparrows stay put all year while native songbirds migrate.
House sparrows take dust baths.
Most house sparrows feed on seeds.
Most house sparrows require diets.
House spiders are susceptible to moisture, which ultimately leads to a high mortality.
House spiders spin their webs in dark corners of moist rooms and outdoors.
All house staff attend at one central location.
All house staff participate in teaching sophomore medical students.
All house staff receive free parking located near the hospital.
House style guides.
House style is more prominent here than the terroir.
House style sounds with an emphasis on synth bleeps and pad sounds.
House swaps are popular at holiday and spring-break times as well as in the summer.
Many house systems are new, including new copper plumbing, new wiring, and a new security system.
House training can be a doddle or a struggle.
House training can be a foundation for all future training.
House training can go out the window at the first sign of a raindrop or snowflake.
House training comes easily as they are naturally clean creatures.
House training is much easier.
House training is usually a snap.
House training starts the day the puppy arrives.
House training takes time and a commitment from the family to do it right.
House types tend to change over time and so do tombstones.
House wines are of course available by the glass, carafe or bottle.
House work is a thankless, unending job, a nerve-tangling bore.
House work is the indispensable foundation of the capitalist system.
All house work is apportioned equally among all members.
House wrap is designed to break airflow and drafts.
House wrap is installed.
A house wren is a bird
House wrens are also most abundant in the east.
House wrens are birds.
House wrens are cavity nesters and as such, are easily attracted to birdhouses.
House wrens are cavity nesters like the bluebird.
House wrens are common backyard birds that readily nest in birdhouses.
House wrens are feisty and pugnacious animals considering their tiny size.
House wrens are generally monogamous but can be polygamous depending on the individual birds.
House wrens are native birds that are protected by law.
House wrens are perky birds that can be loud, bold and hyperactive during the nesting season.
House wrens are small birds, four and a half to five and a four inches in length.
House wrens are wrens.
House wrens can have a second brood.
House wrens can produce synchronous or asynchronously hatching broods.
House wrens continue singing during the hot part of the day.
House wrens continue to sing.
House wrens migrate south to winter in southern coastal states.
House wrens raise two broods per summer.
House wrens seem to prefer areas with trees and shrubs.
House wrens sing songs.
Most house wrens sing songs.
Some house wrens have habits.
House breaking in our country setting is alwasy started early.
House call free virus checkup.
House calls by appointment.
House calls by personal appointment only.
House calls if time and distance allows.
House centipedes live anywhere from three to seven years, depending on the environment.
House centipedes live in damp areas such as cellars, closets, and bathrooms.
House centipedes live in damp basements, closets and bathrooms.
House isa building.
House isa structure.
House martins too, gather together prior to migration.
House moviestars image moviestars.
House passes plan tying funds to performance.
House sets on double level lot with many trees.
House shown at left is a private residence.
House shown on topo just past crest is abandoned.
House sparrows dust-bathing.
House sparrows like haylofts and garages.
House sparrows prefer perches.
House spraying campaigns are also expensive.
House spraying with synthetic pyrethroids forms the mainstay to mosquito control.
House tends to be more dreamy, and can get really haveay some tmes.
House tour each hour.
House wines and sherry are available by the glass.
House wrens compete for nest sites with bluebirds.
House wrens nest in natural tree cavities, and readily accept artificial houses.
Houses act like large chimneys.
Houses already exist south of the ruins.
Houses also field a variety of sports teams that compete in an intramural program.
Houses also line the back nine, but no two are alike.
Houses also look identical whether they're built of wood, steel, concrete or anything else.
Houses also provide information and are places for interaction.
Houses appear to sit on top of one another and often do.
Houses are a little more difficult to find and often have long waiting periods.
Houses are a sort of ethnographic museums.
Houses are affordable, hospitals have room and superior facilities.
Houses are alive.
Ice is animes.
Ice is applied immediately.
Ice is applied, and the arm is put in a sling.
Ice is applied, if necessary for bumps and bruises.
Ice is as American as apple pie.
Ice is as much of a hazard as snow, or more.
Ice is as unforgiving as asphalt, concrete or wood.
Ice is assumed to be absent unless otherwise indicated.
Ice is available all over the Caribbean, though prices vary.
Ice is available and car hire and taxis can be arranged.
Ice is available at all weigh-in stations and Tee Harbor.
Ice is available at the beer tent.
Ice is available at the front desk.
Ice is available for coolers.
Ice is available for the asking.
Ice is available from a room in the southwest corner of the gymnasium.
Ice is available in our office.
Ice is available in the boathouse for guests.
Ice is available in the kitchen.
Ice is available in town.
Ice is available on a limited basis.
Ice is available on the office porch and in the lodge.
Ice is available on-site.
Ice is available to our guests, as is a wake-up service.
Ice is available.
Ice is billed on an hourly basis.
Ice is blamed for crash.
Ice is bought locally from approved shops.
Ice is brittle.
Ice is capable of carrying all sizes of material if it is available.
Ice is capable of cool drinks.
Ice is capable of cool water.
Ice is capable of melts.
Ice is caused by freeze rain.
Ice is caused by rain.
Ice is clear chunky crystals that resemble ice.
Ice is cold, hard water.
Ice is cold, slippery, pretty, and a lot of fun for children.
Ice is cold.
Ice is cold.
Ice is colorless and odorless, resembling rock candy.
Ice is common in the upper sections of all of the side canyons during the winter months.
Ice is common on roads and on heavily skied trails.
Ice is cool.
ICE is cool.
Ice is cools.
Ice is creative price destruction.
Ice is crystal
Ice is crystal.
Ice is cut approx.
Ice is dangerous to ride on.
Ice is definitely superior, even though it's short, because it's smooth as silk.
Ice is developing countries with low-cost factories and huge new labor forces.
Ice is diamonds.
Ice is different.
Ice is dispensed automatically from our refrigerator doors, crushed or cubed.
Ice is drinks.
Ice is equated with hate.
Ice is even in outerspace on other planets and in comets.
Ice is everywhere in all sizes, shapes, and colors.
Ice is everywhere.
Ice is excellent in numbing nerve endings.
Ice is excess capacity.
Ice is fascinating and beautiful.
Ice is fast and small.
Ice is fine only if it works.
Ice is for sale in the office.
Ice is formed by freeze precipitation.
Ice is formed by precipitation.
Ice is formed by the condensation of water, in Latin aqua.
Ice is formed when water freezes, the liquid turns into a solid material.
Ice is found on the Arctic Ocean at all times of year.
Ice is found on the moon.
Ice is fresh water - so the sea that remains is increasingly cold, salty and dense.
Ice is frozen dessert.
Ice is frozen water, and water neither contains iron nor corrects an iron deficiency.
Ice is frozen water.
Ice is frozen water.
Ice is generally best to use due to the inflammation that occurs with irritations.
Ice is generally in a state of mobility, depending on meteorological and oceanographic conditions.
Ice is generally strongest where it is hard and blue.
Ice is gone, it's warming up, life is good.
Ice is good for acute back pain because it helps to reduce pain and swelling in the area.
Ice is good on the upper end.
Ice is harvested by hand and by power saw and stacked in the old ice house for use at summer events.
Ice is highly addictive and is an extremely powerful stimulant.
Ice is ice and cold is cold.
Ice is in and fat at all major routes in the White Mountains.
Ice is in limited supply.
Ice is included here until a miscellaneous section is created.
Ice is inconsistent.
Ice is less dense than water and therefore floats.
Ice is less dense than water and thus it floats.
Ice is less dense than water because it contains fewer water molecules in a given amount of space.
Ice is less dense than water because of a special type of chemical bonding called hydrogen bonding.
Ice is less dense than water, so ice floats.
Ice is less dense than water, so it floats on top of water.
Ice is less dense than water, therefore it floats.
Ice is less dense than water.
Ice is loaded through roof hatches at the car ends.
Ice is located in bars.
Ice is located in cold weather.
Ice is located in drinks.
Ice is located in freezers.
Ice is located in fridges.
Ice is located in glass.
Ice is located in ground.
Ice is located in iced tea.
Ice is located in mixed drinks.
Ice is located in refrigerators.
Ice is located in winter.
Ice is lost through the calving of icebergs, and by melting year-round from the base of ice shelves.
Ice is made of water, but it is colder than water.
Ice is made of water.
Ice is made with purified water and there is bottled water in each bedroom.
Ice is maintained all year-round.
Ice is manufactured and stored during the night and used during the day for cooling the building.
Ice is materials.
Ice is melted in large stock pots setting on top of the shelter space heater.
Ice is melting.
Ice is methamphetamine in rock or crystalized form that is smoked.
Ice is more effective in some cases than heat.
Ice is MUCH better after renovation.
Ice is nature s own pain reliever and anti-inflammatory treatment.
Ice is nice .
Ice is nice.
Ice is no good, it totally destroys all the rules of time, space, and physics.
Ice is objects.
Ice is often the dominant material at the surface.
Ice is OK, but it's real slushy, and anglers are getting stuck big-time.
Ice is once again available.
Ice is one of the few materials that expands when cooled.
Ice is one of the most commonly forgotten foods and is frequently a source of contamination.
Ice is only as safe as the water it is made from.
Ice is optional - add a few cubes for a thicker smoothie.
Ice is optional for a thicker smoothie.
Ice is optional for a thicker, frosty smoothie.
Ice is our biggest problem.
Ice is overturned as the ship moves through it, exposing the underside of the ice.
Ice is particularly good for the first couple of days.
Ice is present around the nunataks and moraines at the south end of the escarpment.
Ice is present on all rivers.
Ice is pretty much offshore.
Ice is produced essentially instantly and continuously for blasting.
Ice is provided for beverages served.
Ice is provided, sometimes even voluntarily.
Ice is purchased at the Cooper's Lake Camp Store and is carried back to camp in the wheelbarrow.
Ice is put in a cooler in order to cool the contents.
Ice is readily available at most corner stores and beer can usually be purchased cold.
Ice is recommended to use immediately after exercise if an area is painful or swollen.
Ice is recommended.
Ice is right.
Ice is river-rind and waves roof and fey men s danger.
Ice is safe for fishing.
Ice is safe when provided by our drivers and guides.
Ice is security countermeasures software.
Ice is slippery and hard, and is a difficult and unreliable surface in which to set an edge.
Ice is slow to absorb it or to melt when in contact with it.
Ice is sold at the visitors center during the day, as well as topographic trail maps.
Ice is solid , when it melts it changes state and becomes a liquid .
Ice is solid but it floats.
Ice is solid objects.
Ice is solid, water is liquid, and steam is gas.
Ice is solids.
Ice is still loose and more offshore around the coastal areas of Newfoundland.
Ice is still treacherous in places.
Ice is suggested to cut the inflammation.
Ice is the best choice for chilling fish.
Ice is the great cure-all.
Ice is the key to fresh tasting fish.
Ice is the lovely light Blue bird on the right.
Ice is the miracle drug of choice.
Ice is the most common property in the Arctic region.
Ice is the most effective, safest, and cheapest first aid treatment for injuries.
Ice is the newest of the advertised catastrophes.
Ice is the recommended method for reducing swelling.
Ice is the solid form of water.
Ice is the solid state of water.
Ice is the symbol of choice for total abandonment.
Ice is the translucent crystal, smokable form of methamphetamine.
Ice is the treatment of choice for acute somatic pain.
Ice is the world's largest supply of freshwater.
Ice is thinner at the edges of pools, under overhanging trees or bushes, and under bridges.
Ice is to be properly bagged in single use wet strength plastic bags until the time of use.
Ice is to thin to venture out on.
Ice is transparent to radio waves at certain frequencies.
Ice is transparent to visible light.
Ice is tricky stuff.
Ice is unsafe where water is unsafe.
Ice is unusual because it floats on liquid water.
Ice is unusual in Malta.
Ice is unusual, because the molecules in ice are actually further apart than they are in water.
Ice is used after an injury to reduce swelling and decrease pain.
Ice is used by placing the substance in a glass pipe, heating it, and inhaling the resulting vapors.
Ice is used for chilling.
Ice is used for cold.
Ice is used for cool drinks.
Ice is used for cooling drinks.
Ice is used for cooling.
Ice is used for drinks.
Ice is used for the solid form.
Ice is used in a variety of ways, including cooling, winter sports and ice sculpture .
Ice is used in a variety of ways, including cooling, winter sports and ice sculpture.
Ice is used often in the acute stages of an ankle sprain.
Ice is used to keep swelling to a minimum.
Ice is very important for the reduction of swelling in the wrist.
Ice is very strong.
Ice is visible as cyan on lakes of black.
Ice is water frozen into a solid state.
Ice is water.
Ice is water.
Ice is weak around piers, pipes and edges.
Ice isa crystal.
Ice keeps on flowing down-valley regardless of whether the glacier is advancing or retreating.
Ice lays itself over the brook.
Ice likes super-cooled bridges with air flowing both over and under.
Ice looks like rock salt or chipped glass and is exceptionally pure.
Ice made from contaminated water can also contain cryptosporidium.
Ice made from tap water is also unsafe.
Ice makes it harder.
Ice makes twigs hard to eat and allows easier travel for predators like wolves.
Ice means death.
Ice melting into water is a physical change.
Ice moves down slowly into the valleys and forms glacier .
Ice moves out from a zone of accumulation under the force of gravity.
Ice normally covers large regions of the lakes in mid-winter, reducing evaporative loss of water.
Ice nucleating active bacteria increase insect mortality at constant high subzero temperatures.
Ice nucleating agents promote the initiation of ice formation.
Ice numbs the area, reducing pain.
Ice occasionally forms on high marsh pools, but snow is a rare event.
Ice occupies a greater volume than does the water it formed from.
Ice occupies half of it.
Ice occurs when water vapour or liquid water freeze.
ICE offers reliable, authoritative sources, updated daily.
Ice over is imminent.
Ice Placing a cold or cool compress on the back of the head or neck is helpful to some patients.
Ice plays an important part in ground erosion, usually during the winter.
Ice plays an important role in regulating climate, because it is highly reflective.
Ice plays important roles.
Ice plays roles.
ICE presents links to important trends in education.
Ice probably works better than anything for early bites.
Ice produces friction.
Ice produces rapid euphoria lasting several hours.
Ice produces the same negative effects of meth, but a lot faster.
Ice promotes faster cooling in the downdraft than water.
Ice provides a long-term archive of climate change.
Ice provides an alternate route for dispersal.
Ice pushes up against the slopes of the hills, nudging bits of debris and surface material along.
Ice really hits the spot.
Ice reduces pain and swelling by restricting blood circulation to the injured area.
Ice reduces pain, limits the swelling and bleeding, and encourage quick healing.
Ice reduces the sensitivity of pain nerve endings and can help override pain impulses.
Ice reflects a significant amount of incoming solar energy back out into space.
Ice reflects income solar radiation.
Ice reflects radiation or heat from the sun back into space.
Ice reflects radiation.
Ice reflects solar radiation.
Ice reflects sunlight.
ICE regulates the production of cytokines that initiate and sustain the process of inflammation.
Ice remains safe.
ICE represents a transformational curriculum change.
ICE runs, but text is too big for the speech bubbles.
Ice s watery surface comes into view.
Ice scoops down in ice.
Ice sculpted trees, all in a row, Clearing the driveway becomes a delight.
Ice See how linking generates more ideas and memories than linear representation.
Ice seems imperative and helps for a bit.
Ice sends extra fluid away and heat brings fluids to the injury picking up debris.
Ice separates it from a shake.
Ice skate our lake or just watch the big snow flakes drift silently among the tall pines.
Ice skates that date from shortly after they invented ice.
Ice Skating At Garland ice-skating is the way it used to be.
Ice sledding Ice sledding is the seated equivalent of ice-skating .
Ice slowly flows downhill as, for example, in glaciers.
Ice Stay away from ice-covered ponds and streams.
Ice stays crisp, even in the sun.
Ice stifles the limbs of the star magnolia and the hair of the marguerites pokes like bones.
Ice still covers the lake but there is hope as water now shows at the very edges.
Ice stings the window, working the geometry of Spanish fans.
Ice stops the cells from metabolizing.
Ice surrounds the mixture in an outside container.
Ice takes a longer time to work.
Ice takes on airborne refrigerator or freezer scents, as air circulates between both.
Ice takes up more space than water.
Ice tends to form early at the higher elevations of the Great Smoky Mountain National park.
Ice tends to form more quickly on platforms than on many other walking surfaces.
Ice tends to help calm the pain.
Ice tends to move a little to the right of the windstress.
Ice turns into liquids.
Ice turns into water.
Ice turns to water.
Ice varies in number of bacteria accoiding to water from which it is taken.
Ice wants to get warm, so it goes to the top of liquids to be nearer to the sun.
Ice weighs land down, and the earth springs back when the ice melts.
Ice works best to relax the muscle and slow any inflammation.
Ice wrapped in a cloth eases some disease and procedure pain.
ICES also supports graduate students and research fellowships.
Ices are lower in fat and are great in the summer months.
Ices condense very quickly onto rocky cores.
ICEs drive some of the large electric generators that power electrical grids.
ICEs have a particular role in the explicit solution of DDEs with vanishing lags.
ICES organizes symposia on topics spanning the broad range of marine science.
ICES posts all the shots given against the receipt of inventory record.
ICES provides scientific advice.
Ice Always bring a cooler with plenty of ice.
Ice Always take a cooler with plenty of ice.
Ice often forms here.
Ice sometimes plays bass, drums and keyboards on studio recordings.
All ice is also available on a pre-paid basis at slightly better rates.
Any ice remains unsafe to walk on.
More ice is tolerable than once was true, but nature has no limitations on volume.
More ice makes it slushier.
Most ice becomes water.
Most ice contains air.
Most ice has attributes.
Most ice has complex structures.
Most ice has compositions.
Most ice has crystalline structures.
Most ice has definite physical properties.
Most ice has density.
Most ice has grain size.
Most ice has important attributes.
Most ice has lower density.
Most ice has physical properties.
Most ice has properties.
Most ice has several important attributes.
Most ice has shapes.
Most ice has size.
Most ice has structures.
Most ice has surfaces.
Most ice includes water.
Most ice is caused by freeze rain.
Most ice is caused by rain.
Most ice is formed by freeze precipitation.
Most ice is formed by precipitation.
Most ice is in unsafe condition.
Most ice is made of water.
Most ice plays important roles.
Most ice plays roles.
Most ice produces friction.
Most ice reflects income solar radiation.
Most ice reflects radiation.
Most ice reflects solar radiation.
Most ice reflects sunlight.
Most ice turns into liquids.
Most ice turns into water.
Some ice absorbs heat.
Some ice absorbs vapor.
Some ice absorbs water vapor.
Some ice affects food sources.
Some ice becomes steam.
Some ice causes circulatory damage.
Some ice causes damage.
Some ice causes effects.
Some ice causes similar effects.
Some ice changes into liquid water.
Some ice changes into water.
Some ice collects in lunar craters.
Some ice comes out of trays.
Some ice conducts heat.
Some ice consists of grain.
Some ice creates images.
Some ice creates steam.
Some ice destroys fabric structures.
Some ice destroys structures.
Some ice floats in glass.
Some ice flows into sea.
Some ice has chances.
Some ice has claws.
Some ice has color.
Some ice has distribution.
Some ice has energy.
Some ice has friction.
Some ice has heat energy.
Some ice has kinetic energy.
Some ice has same average kinetic energy.
Some ice has symmetry.
Some ice has tints.
Some ice has white color.
Some ice has wide distribution.
Some ice helps climates.
Some ice helps global climates.
Some ice helps moderate climates.
Some ice helps moderate global climates.
Some ice is formed by accumulation.
Some ice is made of nitrogen.
Some ice is reported in the coves.
Some ice is surrounded by walls.
Some ice is thrown on top for appearances.
Some ice mixes with compounds.
Some ice mixes with organic compounds.
Some ice provides protection.
Some ice reduces friction.
Iceberg ice is quite safe to consume.
Iceberg lettuce can also be direct seeded like any other lettuce.
Iceberg lettuce contains folate and other nutrients.
Iceberg lettuce contains nutrients.
Iceberg lettuce grows in small, dense heads.
Iceberg lettuce has a large, firm head with a crisp texture and a white or creamy yellow interior.
Indexing is now faster.
Indexing is now virtually immediate.
Indexing is one of the activities of the library.
Indexing is one of the most overlooked and difficult tasks in converting to a digital archive.
Indexing is ongoing, on an incremental basis.
Indexing is optimised to maintain consistent speed over even the largest document collections.
Indexing is performed fortnightly.
Indexing is popular for several reasons.
Indexing is provided by a dual-ball, hill and valley design.
Indexing is provided by author, subject, and title.
Indexing is provided by numerous access points, including broad keywords.
Indexing is provided.
Indexing is quite thorough and the additional list of abbreviations is helpful.
Indexing is rather slow.
Indexing is supposed to occur within two weeks.
Indexing is the art of organizing information.
Indexing is the best way to make sure the limit does so.
Indexing is the key component of the search system.
Indexing is the process of adding a web page to an index, similar to a directory, for later lookup.
Indexing is the process that makes it easier to retrieve information from a database.
Indexing is the same as for the printed volumes.
Indexing is the very essence of fairness and compassion.
Indexing is thorough and cross-references acronyms.
Indexing is thorough.
Indexing is used to avoid taxing inflationary gains.
Indexing is usually current within four months.
Indexing is usually the next step in the image managing process.
Indexing is very advantageous with the general market direction.
Indexing is very fast.
Indexing is very important.
Indexing is very straight forward.
Indexing is very useful for predicates with many clauses representing facts.
Indexing is weekly or on demand.
Indexing is wildly flexible .
Indexing Let's start with indexing.
Indexing Let's take a look at the problem of matrix multiplication .
Indexing mainly deals with the indexing structure, similarity distance and clustering.
Indexing means that tax brackets 'float' with wages and prices.
Indexing means to index each file and store an index for each file separately.
Indexing occurs at both the level of the series, and at the individual document level.
Indexing occurs once per day.
Indexing occurs within a few days.
Indexing plays an important role in optimizing the performance of a directory server.
Indexing prevents lower and middle-income earners from being pushed into higher tax brackets.
Indexing principles for a fuzzy data base.
Indexing provides a more workable record on appeal for the parties and the superior court.
Indexing provides additional ways to retrieve data items and to discover patterns in the data.
Indexing provides easy access to particular issues.
Indexing provides the opportunity to enhance classical cataloging.
Indexing puts an end to the injustice of bracket creep.
Indexing Read the text of a Web document.
Indexing refers to superscripts and subscripts.
Indexing Related Utilities Find out who's visiting and what they're looking at.
Indexing remains between one and three days.
Indexing runs about a year behind.
Indexing skills Many indexes are written by people who have never been trained in indexing.
Indexing starts at one.
Indexing starts at zero.
Indexing starts by extracting individual words from the text of a page.
Indexing stop with board spotting guide.
Indexing takes over a month.
Indexing takes some time, and can run in the background without much impact.
Indexing tends to keep such votes off the agenda.
Indexing works better in highly liquid markets such as the United States.
Indexing works different on various field formats.
Indexing works only in large caps.
Indexings are categorizations.
Indexings are listing.
Indexings are powerful features.
All indexing is done immediately and all documents become searchable as soon as they are imported.
All indexing is from the forward strand perspective.
Some indexing is automatic, some in manual.
Some indexing is available.
Most IndexOS users are likely to be technically savvy.
INDI products are readily available from major hobby dealers.
India has (part) Assam.
India has (part) Indian capital.
India isa thing.
Some Indian activists find the quanta a demeaning colonial artifact.
Indian agriculture has all the advantage of capitalizing on the new opportunities and challenges.
Indian agriculture is heavily dependent on the monsoon as a source of water.
Indian agriculture produce even in the domestic market.
Indian airlines charges Rs.
Indian airports handle more than a thousand aircraft a day.
Indian ancestry provides another case in point.
Indian architecture is unexcelled.
Indian army has a poor track-record of human rights.
Indian army look for militants.
Indian art displays a flair for passion, colour, beauty and nature.
Indian art is also an art of social, political and religious influences.
Indian art is anonymous.
Indian art is considered special.
Indian art is like Indian people, it grows, changes, and is never stationary.
Indian art seems to be getting back in vogue here.
Indian artifacts can be a wonderful hobby as well as a good investment.
Indian artifacts testify to the county's early inhabitants.
Indian artists demonstrate their craft skills daily in the galleries.
Many Indian artists use a hallmark to identify their work.
Indian artwork is the main decorative element.
Indian astrology contains a vast heritage of techniques.
Indian astrology shares the same system as Western astrology of linking zodiac signs to elements.
Indian attorneys have the ability to protect and advance tribal rights and sovereignty.
Indian authorities say six soldiers have been killed in the attack, and two are missing.
Indian authorities try to clamp on antenatal sex selection and female feticide.
Indian babies are the smallest in the world.
Indian bands travel the high alpine valleys in search of game.
Indian banks are besieged with bad loans and a number of high-profile defaults.
Indian banks have the most at stake.
Indian banks remain grossly overstaffed due to strong unions and lack of any exit policy.
Indian Bazaars specialise in oriental ornaments, silk saris and spices.
Indian Beach pays for their uniforms, payroll, and housing.
Indian blankets live in sandy soil and are resistant to heat and drought.
Indian blankets live in sandysoil and are resistent to heat and drought.
Indian bookworms are white and hairless.
Indian boys gallop across the grass, against the beginnings of their body.
Indian boys stand amidst the empty prison cells in the main cellblock.
Indian breads are varied but always delicious.
Indian breads consist primarily of unleavened flatbreads which resemble thick tortillas.
Indian burials vary greatly and can be difficult to identify.
Indian business is full of lethargic dynasties.
Indian businesses secure virtual office with contact manager, calendar, bulletin boards, etc.
Indian businessmen welcome visitors and are very hospitable.
Some indian businessmen make headlines.
Indian Buyers are free to post their buy offers here .
Indian capital is part of India.
Most Indian capital is part of India.
Indian cardamom has a history as old as human civilization.
Indian cardamom is slightly smaller, but more aromatic.
Indian carpets display more naturalistic renderings of Persian patterns of flowers and vines.
Indian castes are vocation-based.
Indian chases buffalo within.
Indian chefs marinate almost all their meats.
Indian children begin integration into public school system.
Indian children deserve no less than healthy and safe learning environments.
Indian children dress in tennis shoes and t-shirts and are enthralled by television and videogames.
Indian children face issues of cultural identity in school.
Indian children play with their bicycles in the lower level courtyard.
Many Indian children have to survive on the streets from a very early age.
Many Indian children work with their parents.
Some Indian children see well but test poorly because they are shy.
Indian cinema is a very popular form of entertainment.
Indian cinema is music oriented.
Indian cinema plays an essential part in the identity of the South Asian diaspora.
Indian cities are crowded and space is in short supply.
Indian cities have a strange medical system.
Indian city is Indian city, African bush African bush.
Many Indian cities have a growing pollution problem.
Indian civilization is a complex weave of many traditions and cultures.
Indian civilization is one of the oldest civilization in the world.
Indian civilization is one of the oldest civilizations of the world.
Indian civilization takes root.
Indian cobras adapt to environments.
Indian cobras pay more attention to their eggs than is usual in snakes.
Most indian cobras adapt to environments.
Indian communists are now active opposing India' nuclear tests and development of nuclear weapons.
Indian communists have to rise to the occasion and provide leadership to the working class.
Indian communities do enjoy, however, a large degree of autonomy and self-government.
Indian communities have certain jurisdictional authority and are remotely located.
Indian community decorate homes with candles.
Indian companies are also active in the Syrian construction and manufacturing scene.
Indian companies are also in on the action.
Indian companies are commercial organizations.
Indian companies are likely to collaborate in several projects to rebuild infrastructure in Iraq.
Indian companies are taxable in India on their worldwide income.
Indian companies can negotiate the terms according to their own judgement.
Indian companies face particular concerns and risk factors.
Indian companies have a long way to go in terms of setting up technical platforms.
Indian companies have great advantages.
Indian companies have to build capabilities to meet such competition.
Many Indian companies execute fixed price contracts.
Most Indian companies have healthy revenue and profit flows.
Some Indian companies appear established, but are financially shaky.
Some Indian companies have the habit of holding the alien's papers once they step on U.S. soil.
Indian condiments are a new product introduction in the mainstream market.
Indian constitution is the longest of all constitutions in the world .
Indian constitution is the longest of all constitutions in the world.
Indian consumer is a very interesting entity.
Indian consumers appropriate and use products in unique ways, too.
Indian control is the only key.
Indian cooking has many health benefits.
Indian cooking has strongest influence.
Indian cooking is considered as spicy, hot, complex and elaborate.
Indian cooking relies on it heavily, especially in bean and lentil dishes.
Indian corn appears in two forms, both incorrect.
Indian corn grows in many different colors.
Indian corn has four colors, they stand for North, South, East, and West.
Indian corn is a food staple in many areas.
Indian corn is decorative.
Indian costs have to be competitive in the international market as well.
Indian costumes are symbolic.
Indian country contains some of the largest reserves of natural gas available for exploration.
Indian country is no exception.
Indian courts provide adequate safeguards for the enforcement of property and contractual rights.
Indian crafts can include fingerweaving, moccasin-making, or beading and quillwork.
Indian cress See nasturtium .
Indian cricket has a future.
Indian cricket has a rich history.
Indian cricket has passion.
Indian cricket has superstars aplenty.
Indian cricket has talent.
Indian cricket has to be saved by aggression.
Indian cricket is all the better for that.
Indian cricket is in the doldrums right now with a string of reverses.
Indian cricket is run by the momentary survivor of an ongoing tribal confrontation.
Indian cricket is too far down in the doldrums for miracles to happen.
Indian cricket lies in shambles.
Indian cricketers appeal, even from fine leg, for lbw decisions.
Indian critics blame a flawed contract.
Indian cuisine encompasses a wide variety of regional and traditional cuisines native to India .
Indian cuisine has many influences.
Indian cuisine incorporates many spices that are said to have medicinal properties.
Indian cuisine is a combination of fragrantly mixed spices.
Indian cuisine is considered to be spicy by many.
Indian cuisine is one of the most satisfying imaginable.
Indian cuisine is outrageous here.
Indian cuisine uses an extensive variety of herbs, spices and ingredients.
Indian cuisine varies from region to region.
Indian culture continues to change.
Indian culture goes further than sexuality when it defines what it means to be a good Indian woman.
Indian culture is against such shows of nudity . . .
Indian culture is alive and well in our generation.
Indian culture is an important piece of the mosaic formed by the American scene today.
Indian culture is different things to different people.
Indian culture is no easy composite of varying styles and influences.
Indian culture is present in the finer details of decorative motifs and other traditional elements.
Indian culture is seen as one key to reducing racism.
Indian culture is such a commodity today and worth big bucks as one knowledgeable one stated.
Indian culture is unparalleled and most wonderful.
Indian cultures are dead or dying.
Indian cultures are rich and diverse.
Indian cultures have a rich history and they have many different forms and qualities.
Indian cultures rely on verbal stories to pass down the history.
Indian cultures thrive today in many exciting forms.
Indian cultures traces their roots back a millennium before the arrival of the Spanish explorers.
Most Indian cultures continue to rely upon strong oral traditions.
Indian cumin finds worldwide use in foods, beverages, liquors, medicines, toiletries and perfumery.
Indian curios dominate state souvenir shops.
Indian currency enjoys open and unlimited convertibility in Nepal.
Indian curries are synonymous with spicy foods.
Indian customs provide one explanation.
Indian customer is a very wide customer.
Indian customers are different in their relationship with sales people.
Indian customers are different to deal with.
Indian dance can be both an act of religious devotion and a superb entertainment at the same time.
Indian dance does just that in a heightened, reverential form.
Indian dance expresses emotion.
Indian dance is above all religious.
Indian dances have the same effect.
Indian dances take their themes from India s rich mythology and folk legends.
Most Indian dances take their themes from India's rich mythology and folk legends.
Indian dancers confront domestic violence in the community with original expressions.
Indian dancers perform during the summer months.
Indian decline continues.
Indian defenses are the best bet.
Indian democracy comes a long way.
Indian democracy has great relevance to the pluralistic world order that is now emerging.
Indian democracy is the product of a complexity of factors.
Indian democracy seems to be turning into monarchy by another name.
Indian deputies perform ancient burial rites using road flares.
Indian desserts are an acquired taste.
Indian desserts are extra-sweet and the ones here are no exception.
Indian dill finds extensive use in foods, beverages and medicines.
Indian diplomat leans on art show support.
Most Indian dishes are available as well as American dishes to satisfy special dietary requirements.
Most Indian dishes are available as well as some American dishes to satisfy both tastes.
Most Indian dishes are prepared using oil or fat.
Some indian dishes feature hot pepper.
Indian doctors are to be found in every state in America.
Indian dogs make loving, loyal and naturally healthy pets.
Indian drama offers a different aesthetic approach from much of Western theatre.
Indian drivers process a blizzard of visual and auditory data and act instantly.
Every Indian dwelling has a patch of pejibaye palms.
Indian economy is based on agriculture and having second largest population in the world.
Indian economy is large and it is growing.
Indian elders face unique challenges.
Indian elders present problems.
Indian elders present psychological problems.
Most indian elders present problems.
Most indian elders present psychological problems.
Indian elephants eat mainly grass .
Indian elephants eat mainly grass.
Indian Elephants have smaller ears.
Indian elephants have toes.
Most indian elephants have toes.
Some indian elephants carry trainers.
Indian employees have fewer options and are ready to accept what their employers have to offer.
Many Indian engineers say they sense the resentment and feel uncomfortable.
Indian entrepreneurs do benchmark their earning and spending ratios.
Indian exporters are therefore unable to meet their export obligations.
Indian fabric continues to be present, especially for formal wear.
Indian families go home after the funeral rituals, returning in the morning for the ashes.
Indian families sell freshly-caught salmon out of coolers in the backs of pickup trucks.
Indian family is nothing and bad people.
Many Indian families are to be found here.
Indian farmers adopt new techniques.
Indian farmers adopt techniques.
Indian farmers march on London stock-exchange against free market economy.
Most indian farmers adopt new techniques.
Most indian farmers adopt techniques.
Indian fashion rules international garment industry.
Indian federalism is weighted heavily towards the central government.
Indian females cf.
Indian festivals are a good way to get-together for social functions.
Indian festivals are a way of sharing joys.
Many Indian festivals are religious in origin.
Indian fetishes adorn the walls and light fixtures.
Indian fiction is very hot.
Indian fields thrive on diversity within the plots.
Indian fighters are faster but less predictable in response.
Indian fighting is over.
Indian films have a distinct magic of their own.
All Indian films pit the good guys against the bad guys, the white hats against the black.
Indian firms are coming of age Such thinking, however, confuses the symptom with the disease.
Indian firms lag in performance on other indicators of supply-chain efficiency.
Indian folklore has it that the peacock's cry forecasts rain.
Indian folklore tells of water, fish, whales, and rivers flowing from pumpkins ii.
Indian food is also popular, with curries ranging from mild to very hot indeed.
Indian food is also popular.
Indian food is artifacts.
Indian food is beautiful to behold and pleases the palate.
Indian food is equally popular.
Indian food is full of spices and oil.
Indian food is great, as long as it is consumed in an authentic Indian restaurant.
Indian food is much more than a pot of curry.
Indian food is one style that really works with warming trays.
Indian food is popular and eaten all over the island.
Indian food is readily available, because of the large number of migrant workers.
Indian food occupy a prime spot in a vegetarian diet.
Indian food presents a range of flavors, intense and subtle, as vast as the country itself.
Indian food uses lots of curry.
Indian foods are special sources of food, minerals, and vitamins.
Most Indian foods are available even in small cities.
Indian football is grounded in tradition.
Some indian footballers die from injuries.
Some indian footballers die from spinal injuries.
Indian gaming is a viable, clean, job generating economic activity in New Mexico.
Indian gaming provides jobs for our people.
Indian garden are just a few ideas.
Indian garments are famous for the embroidered look.
Indian gatherings are attractive with Indian music, dances and Indian cuisine.
Some indian gaurs feed on grass.
Indian ghosts personify national guilt and horror, as well as national pride and pleasure.
Indian girls are accustomed to close contact, from their mother, relatives, and same-sex friends.
Indian goods are mainly dumb and dumber.
Indian gooseberries produce flowers.
Indian gooseberry features round to transversely spherical shape with light green color.
Indian gooseberry is a great help in curing sore throat and cold.
Indian gooseberry is a wonder food for fitness enthusiasts.
Indian gooseberry is different from European and American gooseberries.
Indian gooseberry is very well known for improving eyesight .
Indian gooseberry is well-known for protecting the liver.
Most indian gooseberries produce flowers.
Some indian gooseberries belong to families.
Indian government declines.
Indian government has to make provision for nearly a billion people.
Indian government proposes 'rape insurance' scheme.
Indian grass grows in drier areas than switch grass.
Indian grass is one of the most important native tall grasses.
Indian grass is very nutritious and is readily consumed by livestock.
Indian grass turns golden in fall.
Some Indian guys are big, and carry their weight well.
Indian hawthorns are best in a sunny spot where there is good air circulation.
Indian hawthorns are grown for their attractively neat, mounded form and clusters of flowers.
Indian hawthorns have a long flowering season.
Some indian hawthorns lose leaves.
Indian heads are pleased.
Indian health remains poor, with diabetes reaching epidemic proportions on some reservations.
Indian hedgehog is expressed transiently during the early days of outgrowth but then disappears.
Indian help limited to intelligence Links to more South Asia stories are at the foot of the page.
Indian herbs grow hair.
Indian heritage emphasizes a holistic approach to things.
Indian history is full of brave and noble kings.
Indian history is rife with famous women saints, healers and priests.
Indian history portrays prominent in our area, as well as American history.
Most Indian holidays follow the lunar year, so the dates vary from year to year.
Every Indian home has a masala dhaba that contains various spices.
All Indian housing is made with earth packed into a flexible wood structure.
Indian humor is probably the quietest and the driest in the world.
Most indian hunts deer.
Indian immigrants represent America's most successful immigrant group .
Indian immigrants tend to be highly educated.
Indian individuals pay federal and state income taxes.
Some Indian individuals fool people to think they have power.
Indian industry has a strong base of artisan-manpower and long experience.
Indian industry is in fact witnessing unprecedented consolidations, takeovers, and mergers.
Indian industry is largely import-substituting.
Indian industry is no exception.
Indian industry is well diversified and is an important sector of the economy.
Indian industry needs infrastructure and communication support for it to bloom.
Indian infants have an average birth weight of nearly seven pounds.
Indian influence is evident in the given names of church members.
Indian ingredients are essential to the cooking of authentic Indian dishes.
Indian intelligentsia lead political activity.
Indian interlocutors can be sticklers for protocol and hierarchy.
Indian investigators ask govt.
Indian investors are a far more tolerant lot.
Indian ivories japan japanese lectures.
Indian jails are feudal in their administration.
Indian jails are, in fact, brimming with prisoners.
Indian jewelry is often expensive.
Information includes reviews, cast and crew information, background material,and awards.
Information includes rituals, mudras, mantras, mandalas, etc.
Information includes road numbers and names and descriptions of the activity occurring on the road.
Information includes room size, layout, installed equipment, scheduling, etc.
Information includes rooms, rates, and contact information.
Information includes row number, name, dates and usually age.
Information includes sales and shipment forecasts, market share, and more.
Information includes schematics, PCB layouts, and source code.
Information includes school name, school administrator, address, phone and fax numbers.
Information includes school name, school administrator, address, phone, and fax numbers.
Information includes school name, school adminstrator, address, phone and fax numbers.
Information includes schools, housing prices, population and other local demographics.
Information includes scientific names.
Information includes service descriptions, links to references, and screen shots.
Information includes ship names, places of origin, number of passengers and cargo.
Information includes shops and services, real estate, activities, and the local environment.
Information includes show descriptions, dates, dealers, directions, hours and admission.
Information includes showtimes, theatre info, reviews, upcoming .
Information includes size, friendliness, grooming needs, health issues, trainability, etc.
Information includes soil data for all provinces.
Information includes speaker biography, slides and other reference material.
Information includes specialty, medical school attended and year of graduation.
Information includes species available, best methods and hot spots.
Information includes specific trail information and directions for locating trails.
Information includes specifications and reviews, shipping and sales tax information.
Information includes sponsors, status, and roll call votes.
Information includes sport, levels, time, and site.
Information Includes staff directory.
Information includes standards, subcontracting plans, and mailing lists.
Information includes state court opinions, codes, legislation, etc.
Information includes steps, music sheets, and description of different dancing groups.
Information includes strategies for practicing definitions, summaries, and compositions.
Information includes summaries and status of legislation.
Information includes summaries of current activities and document abstracts.
Information includes summaries of the latest music research.
Information includes surface and groundwater stations combined.
Information includes survival study, questions to ask, and on prescribing.
Information includes tax parcels, street trees, voting districts, etc.
Information includes tax rates, commercial real estate listings, and employment rates.
Information includes tax registration, employer responsibilities, licensing and registration.
Information includes taxonomy, conservation status, references, and life history.
Information includes technical standards as well as academic standards for transfer students.
Information includes technology research, market assessments, and gas industry global news.
Information includes temperature, humidity, and the wind speed and direction.
Information includes temperature, humidity, rainfall, salinity, wind and currents.
Information includes tenders, contacts and partner search.
Information includes testator, county, where found in the records, and page number.
Information includes the address for the country's postal service and a sample model address.
Information includes the addresses and prices of recently foreclosed properties.
Information includes the aims and scope, journal abbreviations, web links, and ISSNs.
Information includes the annual report, education and training, and professional development.
Information includes the chain the hotel is associated with, and minimum rate per night.
Information includes the classification and diagnosis, type of exam, level, and service provided.
Information includes the community's web address, if available.
Information includes the costs, storage capacity durability and data transfer speeds.
Information includes the criteria for selection, jury and submission dates.
Information includes the database name, task, and start and end times.
Information includes the date, price, and volume.
Information includes the dates available as well as costs for copying.
Information includes the full bibliographic text of pending and registered trademarks.
Information includes the groom and bride and the date of marriage.
Information includes the hours that childcare is provided by the agency or inhome care provider.
Information includes the individual's name, age, sex, blood degree, and address.
Information includes the input parameters based on the incoming coil characteristics.
Information includes the instruction description, assembler syntax, data size, and condition codes.
Information includes the latitude and longitude .
Information includes the length of the trail and a synopsis of the area to be covered.
Information includes the name and date of death.
Information includes the name and number of each drainage basin, region and division.
Information includes the name of the church, address, denonimation, and phone number as available.
Information includes the name of the college, date of the career fair, and a contact person.
Information includes the name of the grant, the application address and whom to contact.
Information includes the name of the inmate and the postage issued.
Information includes the name of the maintenance worker, date, and tools issued.
Information includes the name, address and phone of a contact person for each agency.
Information includes the names of all members balloted and accepted for membership.
Information includes the names of husband and wife, ages, residences, and place and date of divorce.
Information includes the names of suppliers, live weight, dressed weight, and prices paid.
Information includes the offender's name, address, crime committed, and city or town of residence.
Information includes the operation the part has undergone.
Information includes the safety, efficacy and quality of the interventions being investigated.
Information includes the site's last modified date, photography info, etc.
Information includes the state where served, soldier's name, rank, regiment and post office address.
Information includes the street name, subdivision name, and section, township and range.
Information includes the subject's personal information and daily schedule.
Information includes the sylabus, history and relevant links.
Information includes the syllabus, course outline, grading policy etc.
Information includes the title, author, publisher, accession number, and date published.
Information includes the type of charge as well as the date and amount of the charge.
Information includes their scientific classification, fun facts, and biological value.
Information includes tickets, events, places to stay, and much more.
Information includes tips from survivors and tips for professionals.
Information includes tips on finding attorneys and hiring in home help.
Information includes title and document number only.
Information includes title, authors, subjects and abstracts.
Information includes title, business address, business telephone number, and email address.
Information includes top news of the year.
Information includes topical articles, relevant web sites, HR related forums, etc.
Information includes topics and procedures for science fairs.
Information includes topics like eruption update or activity, hazards, history, and types.
Information includes topics, format, cost, and contact person.
Information includes total amount of funds budgeted for each office.
Information includes tour dates and band member biographies.
Information includes tour dates, discography, album reviews, tablatures, sound clips, photos, links.
Information includes tourism, history, culture, weather, resorts, shopping and more.
Information includes town, name, wife, children, other relatives, executor, witnesses, and dates.
Information includes towns, rivers and lakes, roads, and topography.
Information includes training times, location and FAQs.
Information includes treatment and suggestions for coping with chronic illness.
Information includes type of material selected, publication schedule, pay scales, etc.
Information includes types of tests performed, materials analyzed, and other services.
Information includes UK stock market prices and market indices from around the world.
Information includes upcoming events, safety tips, foil modifications, maintenance, and more.
Information includes upcoming workshops and one page information handouts.
Information includes updates and information on assignments, both current and long term.
Information includes URL, latest additions to the site, and how to contact the webmaster.
Information includes useful specifics and federal guidelines where appropriate.
Information includes vendor's name, and total amount offered by vendor.
Information includes vital contact information as well as areas of expertise and underlying carrier.
Information includes ward number, name of householder, occupations, and address.
Information includes warning signs, causes, treatment, and consequences.
Information includes weather, sports news, local events, local headlines, etc.
Information includes web metrics, research and newsletter application.
Information includes where the course is meeting, and in most cases, the name of the instructor.
Information includes who sent it, their E-mail address, and comments they wish to attach.
Information includes wildlife, habitats, general reference and conservation.
Information includes work environment, salary, education, job outlook, and more.
Information includes years of tenure, firm size, geographical location, and more.
Information includes, chemical formulae, color, hardness, cleavage, luster, and specific gravity.
Information includes, curriculum vitae, specific trial experience by area of expertise or region.
Information includes, date, location, time started, time stopped, and more.
Information includes, facts and figures, various statistics and a map.
Information includes, points, results, schedule of races and past year's archive results.
Information includes, rates and reservations and contact information.
Information includes, rates, contact details, and amenities.
Information including a schedule and the plan is available on the website.
Information including rules and entry forms is attached.
Information includs the time of the call, number dialed and date and length of call.
Information increases as precision increases.
Information increases comfort.
Information increasingly crosses media.
Information increasingly substitutes for bulk raw materials, labor, and other resources.
Information indexed includes private, public and state owned organizations.
Information indexed includes private, public, and state-owned organizations.
Information indicates causes.
Information indicates continued terrorist activity and planning for future attacks.
Information indicates expectancy rates are lower for people of aboriginal descent.
Information indicates high potential.
Information indicates potential.
Information indicates revisions.
Information indicates the relationship between people and technology is sometimes poor.
Information indicates they lived in the City of Champaign.
Information inserted in the outline is rendered in the slides according to the outline hierarchy.
Information Interfaces Two sample reports.
Information involves patterns.
Information involves the analysis and interpretation of data to describe something about a market.
Information is .
Information is a artifact of the process.
Information is a better than emotion.
Information is a big key in today's real estate market.
Information is a big seller on the Internet and is also the most inexpensive to develop.
Information is a bit dated.
Information is a bit sketchy and place names badly pronounced so all standard disclaimers apply.
Information is a bit sparse, and there are no system diagrams.
Information is a campus asset.
Information is a city rich in history, culture, and tradition.
Information is a coin of exchange on the Net.
Information is a collection of data put together to tell a story, albeit perhaps a short one.
Information is a commodity and information is everywhere.
Information is a commodity and too plentiful.
Information is a commodity in the new e-business economy.
Information is a commodity.
Information is a competitive advantage.
Information is a cornerstone of a functioning democracy.
Information is a cornerstone of all successful hacks.
Information is a cornerstone of sustainable development.
Information is a corporate asset to be planned, budgeted, acquired, used and retired.
Information is a corporate asset.
Information is a critical organizational resource.
Information is a critical resource for any business.
Information is a crucial element in today's schools.
Information is a dangerous thing.
Information is a Danish newspaper.
Information is a difference that makes a difference.
Information is a disgusting thing.
Information is a double-edged sword.
Information is a driving force in today's world.
Information is a factor of successful work of a person, institution, organisation or state.
Information is a flirt, always seeking a new ear to whisper in.
Information is a fundamental aspect of life, along with energy and matter.
Information is a global resource .
Information is a good place to start.
Information is a good remedy for such situations.
Information is a good thing.
Information is a good way to double the joy and reduce the anxiety.
Information is a G-rated family site.
Information is a great leveller.
Information is a great thing, but it also results in people expecting to get more.
Information is a growing and priceless asset for all organizations.
Information is a human necessity within a democratic society.
Information is a human right.
Information is a key component of feeling like an insider.
Information is a key component of today's political, social, and economic life.
Information is a key corporate asset.
Information is a key element for competitiveness and productivity of local industries.
Information is a key ingredient in coordination.
Information is a key ingredient to hiring the best employees on the market.
Information is a key part of our business.
Information is a key reason that patients go to doctors.
Information is a key to integration.
Information is a key to successful conservation.
Information is a key to that vision.
Information is a key trade commodity.
Information is a keystroke away.
Information is a kind of barometer, as much as price is.
Information is a large part of the duties performed at the warehouse.
Information is a leading source of protection for police departments today.
Information is a lesson that needs to be learned, and knowledge is a lesson learned.
Information is a life form.
Information is a link in the food chain which leads to knowledge.
Information is a major ingredient for success in food retailing.
Information is a measure of effect.
Information is a measure of one s freedom of choices when one selects a message.
Information is a measure of one's freedom of choice in selecting a message.
Information is a mental, non-material concept.
Information is a message sent to inform a receiver.
Information is a message to which the receiver assigns some meaning.
Information is a message
Information is a more malleable commodity than coal, iron or any other physical product.
Information is a national disability information and referral service.
Information is a necessary commodity today.
Information is a one dimensional plane.
Information is a parody of knowledge.
Information is a part of every production process, service and product.
Information is a pattern or design that rearranges data for instrumental purposes.
Information is a perishable commodity.
Information is a perpetual form of energy.
Information is a pervasive and essential part of our society, and indeed, our lives.
Information is a physician's lifeblood.
Information is a positive resources for the public to have.
Information is a positive-sum game.
Information is a powerful and dangerous.
Information is a powerful and necessary tool for persons moving from crisis to self-care.
Information is a powerful fertilizer for growing money.
Information is a powerful healing tool.
Information is a powerful magnetic force.
Information is a powerful thing.
Information is a powerful tool in dealing with the challenges and opportunities of college life.
Information is a powerful tool in the business of providing water service.
Information is a powerful tool in the operational environment.
Information is a powerful tool that can be used to serve the interests of a particular party.
Information is a powerful tool, indeed.
Information is a powerful tool.
Information is a precious commodity in our computerized world.
Information is a precious commodity that in isolation has limited value.
Information is a precious commodity when dealing with a new environment.
Information is a precious commodity.
Information is a prerequisite for competitive markets.
Information is a prerequisite for wisdom, but wisdom seems to be two levels above information.
Information is a primary currency.
Information is a product like no other.
Information is a public resource.
Information is a relationship.
Information is a resource as important as any human, fiscal, or physical resource.
Information is a resource for people, to extend human capabilities to better serve the public.
Information is a resource for planning and a fuel for action.
Information is a resource needing trained specialists to manage it.
Information is a resource which underpins the work of the educational community.
Information is a scarce commodity.
Information is a scarce good.
Information is a scattered body of facts and figures.
Information is a social acid.
Information is a society's full right and domain.
Information is a source of power.
Information is a strategic asset and critical to our efforts to eliminate waste and enhance value.
Information is a subset of data.
Information is a technology spawned by bhaviour.
Information is a teleological concept.
Information is a tidal wave with no end in site.
Information is a tool of business, financial and economic planning.
Information is a tool that empowers the lives of even the lowest social class.
Information is a tool.
Information is a transformation agent.
Information is a two-edged sword.
Information is a two-way street.
Information is a valuable asset.
Information is a valuable commodity that can be sold again and again.
Information is a valuable commodity, and one that needs to be accurate.
Information is a valuable commodity.
Information is a valuable resource in a university.
Information is a valuable resource.
Information is a vast, cheap, overwhelming and rapidly expanding commodity.
Information is a very complex phenomenon.
Information is a very important asset for any business or organization in today's world.
Information is a very important key to being successful in futures and options trading.
Information is a very poor vehicle for transferring knowledge .
Information is a very valuable commodity.
Information is a very vital part of fireworks.
Information is a vital and valuable commodity today.
Information is a vital asset to any modern organization and needs to be managed as such.
Information is a vital commodity in the world of small business.
Information is a vital ingredient in design.
Information is a vital link between opportunity and profitability.
Information is a vital part of education at any grade or educational level.
Information is a vital resource and valuable input for sustainable social development.
Information is a vital resource.
Information is a vital tool in the effort to stabilize population growth.
Information is a weapon, and information superiority is a decisive weapon.
Information is a whole lot easier to manage than physical assets.
Information is a wonderful thing.
Information is about dolls only.
Information is about empowerment and development.
Information is about six months behind, but it's free.
Information is about solving any kind of problem or answering any question.
Information is about specific instances and is the raw material of particular decisions.
Information is about taking data and putting it into a meaningful pattern.
Information is about to become an experience.
Information is absolutely paramount in order to understand what has happened.
Information is absorbed by everyone from the time they awaken to the time they go to sleep.
Information is abstraction.
Information is abundant and generally of high quality.
Information is abundant, especially on the internet.
Information is abundant.
Information is accepted even if it is out of sequence.
Information is accepted from mortuaries only.
Information is accepted in completed, truncated or misspelling form.
Information is accepted in English or Vietnamese.
Information is access.
Information is accessed by selecting disease and indication or drug name.
Information is accessed by the HTTP Protocol .
Information is accessed only when it is needed.
Information is accessed sequentially.
Information is accessed through a host to host computer connection without manual intervention.
Information is accessed through computers in conjunction with the telephone system.
Information is accessed through keyword search or by the timeline index.
Information is accessed through menus, through key word searches, or through category searches.
Information is accessed through the notion of variables .
Information is accessed using standard industry codes or geographical location.
Information is accessed via alphabetical indexing of the countries and a color coded map.
Information is accessed weekly on the internet.
Information is accessible and easily located.
Information is accessible at all times.
Information is accessible both intellectually and physically.
Information is accessible by assignee or assignor name or by document number.
Information is accessible by clicking a button or selecting a hypertext link.
Information is accessible by Internet users worldwide.
Information is accessible by other capable applications and is exportable.
Information is accessible by the length of key sentences, or the number of key phrases.
Information is accessible in a multitude of venues.
Information is accessible in both English and French.
Information is accessible in so many different formats that students can become overwhelmed.
Information is accessible in ways that render powerless the people who seek to contain it.
Information is accessible through subject guides or through a list of quick links.
Information is accessible to everyone.
Information is accessible to general, professional, and academic readers alike.
Information is accessible to others only if they have a valid public key.
Information is accessible via any Web browser in a wide variety of table or graph formats.
Information is accessible.
Information is accu- mulating today at a staggering rate.
Information is accurate and appropriate.
Information is accurate and complete and is presented in a unique or creative way.
Information is accurate and complete, is creatively written, and is cleverly presented.
Information is accurate and complete.
Information is accurate and description of tests, medications and procedures is available.
Information is accurate and is subject to change without notice.
Information is accurate and presented in an organized way.
Information is accurate and response shows penetrating insight.
Information is accurate and thorough.
Information is accurate and timely.
Information is accurate and up to date.
Information is accurate as of release date.
Information is accurate as of the date of posting, but is subject to change without advance notice.
Information is accurate as of Web site launch date and is subject to change without notice.
Information is accurate at press time and subject to change without notice.
Information is accurate at the time of publication.
Information is accurate at the time of release.
Information is accurate at time of printing and is subject to change without notice.
Information is accurate through the close of business the previous day.
Information is accurate to the best of our knowledge.
Information is accurate when posted, but click on title of interest to get the latest information.
Information is accurate with appropriate grammar and punctuation.
Information is accurate, complete, and current.
Information is accurate, complete, useful, current, and meaningful.
Information is accurate, giving management a sound basis for decision-making.
Information is accurate, timely and appropriate.
Information is accurate.
Information is accusations.
Information is acquired through objective measurements from on-site observation and videotaping.
Information is acquired, stored and retrieved in the brain by a complex process.
Information is adaptable for regions throughout Canada.
Information is added all the time, so please, check back often.
Information is added almost daily as the festival draws near.
Information is added and changed on a regular basis.
Information is added and deleted.
Information is added and removed every day.
Information is added and updated as needed .
Information is added and updated frequently.
Information is added and updated regularly by library staff and volunteers.
Information is added as it becomes available.
Information is added as it is developed or contributed.
Installation is permanent.
Installation is planned for the late spring.
Installation is possible in finished office environments without damaging already laid carpets.
Installation is pretty basic.
Installation is pretty easy to get through.
Installation is pretty easy.
Installation is pretty manual.
Installation is pretty much a snap for a shade tree mechanic.
Installation is pretty simple and straightforward.
Installation is pretty simple.
Installation is pretty straight forward, and creating the catalogue itself is even easier.
Installation is pretty straight forward.
Installation is pretty straightforward and takes little time to accomplish.
Installation is pretty straightforward once the partitions are set up.
Installation is pretty straightforward, but because the system is cumbersome, it's a two-person job.
Installation is pretty straightforward, taking only a few minutes.
Installation is pretty straightforward.
Installation is pretty straight-forward.
Installation is pretty ugly until the Essentials have been copied over.
Installation is probably the biggest change.
Installation is provided for both residential and commercial needs.
Installation is provided only if buyer is located in Singapore.
Installation is quick and can be done with a few simple tools.
Installation is quick and easy and backed by excellent support direct from the manufacturers.
Installation is quick and easy and configuration is a breeze.
Installation is quick and easy and includes two screws for secure mounting.
Installation is quick and easy and the accompanying documentation is concise and easy to understand.
Installation is quick and easy because no clamping ring is required for retrofit drains.
Installation is quick and easy because no pilot holes are required.
Installation is quick and easy using a single text configuration file.
Installation is quick and easy with automotive grade, double-sided tape.
Installation is quick and easy with just a few simple tools.
Installation is quick and easy with the help of an on-screen instruction procedure.
Installation Is Quick And Easy without structural reframing, mess or hassle.
Installation is quick and easy, and in most cases no drilling is required.
Installation is quick and easy, and no tools are required.
Installation is quick and easy, and the system is portable.
Installation is quick and easy, taking only a few minutes.
Installation is quick and easy.
Installation is quick and economical.
Installation is quick and efficient.
Installation is quick and flawlessly accomplished.
Installation is quick and handled remotely.
Installation is quick and inexpensive.
Installation is quick and non-intrusive.
Installation is quick and painless for all.
Installation is quick and painless, and the included software makes the stick very easy to program.
Installation is quick and painless, since there is only one setup file.
Installation is quick and painless.
Installation is quick and practically effortless.
Installation is quick and relatively inexpensive.
Installation is quick and requires only carpentry tools.
Installation is quick and simple by suspending in the mounting clips provided.
Installation is quick and simple with minimal disruption to any existing operations.
Installation is quick and simple.
Installation is quick and soon beautiful, seamless sites flow from desktop to the Web.
Installation is quick and straightforward.
Installation is quick and trivial, following the standard compile routine.
Installation is quick and trouble free.
Installation is quick and trouble-free.
Installation is quick, clean and quiet.
Installation is quick, easy and efficient.
Installation is quick, reducing downtime.
Installation is quick, secure, and trouble-free.
Installation is quick, simple, and fool-proof.
Installation is quick.
Installation is quicker and easier, and costs far less than a full thickness natural stone wall.
Installation is quicker and easier.
Installation is quicker than natural stone, because of the predetermined heights.
Installation is quicker, too.
Installation is quite easy with the adjustable ends.
Installation is quite easy.
Installation is quite painless with a full hard disk install option available for each game.
Installation is quite simple, taking less than ten minutes to setup and get the application running.
Installation is quite simple.
Installation is quite straightforward.
Installation is rapid while disruption is kept to a minimum.
Installation is rather simple.
Installation is real easy, nothing to it.
Installation is really easy, honest, and takes only a minute or two.
Installation is really straight forward.
Installation is recommended to be done by an experienced mechanic.
Installation is reduced to just the tuning of some configuration files.
Installation is refreshingly easy.
Installation is relatively easy, but is only half the job.
Installation is relatively easy.
Installation is relatively hassle free.
Installation is relatively painless.
Installation is relatively short and easy.
Installation is relatively simple.
Installation is relatively straightforward.
Installation is remarkably simple.
Installation is reverse of removal.
Installation is ridiculously easy.
Installation is safe.
Installation is scheduled for early in the fall semester.
Installation is scheduled for next week to pull wire.
Installation is scheduled to be completed and commissioning underway by mid year.
Installation is semi-permanent.
Installation is similar as that of webblast above.
Installation is similar to all other tow hook kits.
Installation is similar to any other sound card.
Installation is similar to hooking up a cable.
Installation is similar to that of top-loading machines.
Installation is simple - just follow the instructions.
Installation is simple - no tools and no plumber required.
Installation is simple a three step process.
Installation is simple and automatic, and the program optionally scans for boot sector viruses.
Installation is simple and automatic.
Installation is simple and can be done within an hour.
Installation is simple and can be done without making permanent changes to the stock system.
Installation is simple and complete instructions are included.
Installation is simple and complete, and integration is invisible.
Installation is simple and configuration is unnecessary.
Installation is simple and consists of only two files that can be located anywhere on the harddisk.
Installation is simple and done in five steps.
Installation is simple and easy, reducing fittings and time.
Installation is simple and easy.
Installation is simple and fast.
Installation is simple and generally takes under an hour.
Installation is simple and inexpensive.
Installation is simple and just takes minutes, with no special tools required.
Installation is simple and most shutters come fully assembled.
Installation is simple and neat.
Installation is simple and quick through the tank top, bottom or side.
Installation is simple and quick utilizing the built-in signal strength meter and tone generator.
Installation is simple and quick, but does require a competent welder.
Installation is simple and quick.
Installation is simple and requires no drilling.
Installation is simple and requires no trenches or foundations.
Installation is simple and setup is easy.
Installation is simple and straight forward.
Installation is simple and straightforward thanks to the manual's comprehensive instructions.
Installation is simple and straightforward.
Installation is simple and support is available via e-mail or snail mail.
Installation is simple and takes about one hour.
Installation is simple and takes only a few minutes for most computers.
Installation is simple and takes only a few minutes.
Installation is simple and the payback can be in one month or less.
Installation is simple and typically taking no more than a few minutes.
Installation is simple because no ring and pinion set-up is required.
Installation is simple enough.
Installation is simple Infinite Link consists of a server component and a client component.
Installation is simple involving an electrical connection and a water supply.
Installation is simple using the attachment ring and hardware supplied.
Installation is simple with a dipper-stick mounting bracket.
Installation is simple with clear instructions provided.
Installation is simple with only four connectionsrequired.
Installation is simple with security is provided by a set screw.
Installation is simple with the included stainless steel mounting hardware.
Installation is simple, and can be easily followed from the instruction manual.
Installation is simple, and help is available as a standard menu item.
Installation is simple, and requires only a single re-boot.
Installation is simple, and support is outstanding.
Installation is simple, and the on-line documentation is very good.
Installation is simple, and the only exterior evidence is a shift lever.
Installation is simple, and there are no jumpers, control panels or software to worry about.
Installation is simple, but takes a huge amount of hd space.
Installation is simple, but there are several bugs that can strike unexpectedly.
Installation is simple, but using the management tools is much less straightforward.
Installation is simple, except for a gotcha or two on Linux.
Installation is simple, if a bit long.
Installation is simple, insert the CD and run the install setup.
Installation is simple, just plug it into the USB port.
Installation is simple, just tack it up on a wall behind a curtain.
Installation is simple, just unzip and set up.
Installation is simple, keeping costs low.
Installation is simple, offering flexibility for new homes or remodeling projects.
Installation is simple, quick and easy.
Installation is simple, quick, and error-free.
Installation is simple, requiring only a hammer, nails, and a pair of shears or tin snips.
Installation is simple, requiring only the connection of the cables.
Installation is simple, thanks to a front-panel LCD and intuitively designed buttons.
Installation is simple, thanks to the quick configuration menus built into the unit.
Installation is simple, there are no options, and nothing to screw up.
Installation is simple, though.
Installation is simple, too.
Installation is simple, with server components installing fairly easily.
Installation is simple, with the program autodetecting the test system's modem.
Installation is simple.
Installation is simplified to a minimum, with all connections being grouped on a terminal block.
Installation is simplified.
Installation is simply a matter of choosing a drive and folder.
Installation is simply a matter of executing the setup file.
Installation is simply and easy.
Installation is smooth and brief in the CD-ROM format.
Installation is smooth and the graphics are excellent.
Installation is smooth.
Installation is so streamlined, an average room takes less than three days to complete.
Installation is somewhat painful, but that situation is improving.
Installation is so-so.
Installation is started by running the installer class.
Installation is still fairly simple although they did change it some.
Installation is still in early design stages.
Installation is still manual and cheesy.
Installation is still simple.
Installation is straight forward and requires no options.
Installation is straight forward with excellent ride and handling characteristics.
Installation is straight forward with some minor welding required.
Installation is straight forward.
Installation is straightforward - the package is autoconf'ed.
Installation is straightforward and easy.
Installation is straight-forward and generally takes only a few minutes to complete.
Installation is straightforward and inexpensive.
Installation is straightforward and obvious.
Installation is straightforward and on start-up the familiar four panels appear.
Installation is straightforward and requires a reboot to complete the process.
Installation is straightforward and secure.
Installation is straightforward and self-explanatory.
Installation is straightforward and simple.
Installation is straightforward and the printer produces a test sheet automatically.
Installation is straightforward and there are several different ways of running the programs.
Installation is straightforward and well documented.
Installation is straightforward but there is no installer program.
Installation is straightforward enough.
Installation is straightforward for both platforms.
Installation is straightforward using simple hand tools and common sense.
Installation is straightforward with the console loaded first then the agents.
Installation is straightforward, and places an icon in the tray.
Installation is straightforward, and takes only a few minutes.
Installation is straightforward, calibration is simple, and maintenance is minimal.
Installation is straightforward, fast and wizard-driven.
Installation is straightforward, following the wizards.
Installation is straightforward, just the same as any other file.
Installation is straightforward, rapid and requires no special skills, tools or soldering equipment.
Installation is straightforward, with the connectors all easily accessible on the back of the unit.
Installation is straightforward.
Installation is straight-forward.
Installation is successful.
Installation is suitable for face frame or European cabinet designs.
Installation is tedious.
Installation is the final and most important step.
Installation is the final important step.
Installation is the major drawback here.
Installation is the most common way to far exceed a project's estimated budget.
Installation is the most important, yet overlooked part of the job.
Installation is the name of a primary activity such as a base.
Installation is the next step.
Installation is the old-fashioned kind.
Installation is the opposite of removal.
Installation is the opposite.
Installation is the pits, because the manual is hard to follow and very confusing.
Installation is the reverse of removal.
Installation is the reverse of the above.
Installation is the reverse of the disassembly, with the exception of banging the seals back in.
Installation is the reverse of the removal of the stock motor mounts.
Installation is the reverse of the removal process.
Installation is the sole responsibility of the user, and warranty provided for the kit only.
Installation is therefor relatively easy, saving time and money on extra parts needed.
Installation is therefore relatively easy, saving time and money on extra parts needed.
Installation is therefore simple.
Installation is therefore time consuming.
Installation is through a command line script.
Installation is through the xmodmap utility, using the Caps Lock key to toggle the modes.
Installation is to be completed by end-summer.
Installation is to be done by the owner upon receipt of notification.
Installation is to begin by the end of the year. . . .
Installation is too difficult.
Installation is transparent.
Installation is tricky, so read the instructions.
Installation is tricky.
Installation is trivial and it worked perfectly right out of the box.
Installation is trivial.
Installation is trivially simple.
Installation is truly a snap.
Installation is typical plug and play and takes about five minutes.
Installation is typically a two-week process, although that can vary by the particular requirements.
Installation is underway for the new site.
Installation is uneventful and straightforward, and presents no problems or difficulties.
Installation is unremarkable, and the printed documentation is perfectly adequate.
Installation is unusually easy.
Installation is up to the purchaser.
Installation is usually automatic.
Installation is usually painless and fairly simple.
Installation is usually pretty simple.
Installation is usually very easy.
Installation is usually within three days after ordering.
Installation is very critical in making a home more efficient.
Installation is very easy - owner friendly.
Installation is very easy and a battery is even included.
Installation is very easy and can be done at home.
Installation is very easy and straightforward.
Installation is very easy and the interface is straightforward as well.
Installation is very easy and the tubing system is readily adaptable to any shop.
Installation is very easy with just a crescent wrench, screw driver, and maybe a file.
Installation is very easy with the supplied instructions and patterns.
Installation is very easy with the supplied instructions.
Installation is very easy, and the price includes LIVE phone support is included.
Installation is very easy.
Installation is very intuitive and quite flexible.
Installation is very quick and easy thanks to the external connection through USB port.
Installation is very quick.
Installation is very simple , easy , fully automatic and takes less than a second.
Installation is very simple and quick.
Installation is very simple and straightforward.
Installation is very simple and the interface is smart and easy to use.
Installation is very simple for a licenced electrician using standard building wiring.
Installation is very simple, and many of the tools required are included with the pilot.
Installation is very simple, just insert the disk and click on the install buttons.
Installation is very simple, with no major system file modifications.
Installation is very simple.
Installation is very straight forward with a full harness provided with high quality plugs etc.
Installation is very straight forward.
Installation is very straightforward and easy to understand.
Installation is very straightforward, and each product takes less than five minutes to install.
Installation is very straightforward.
Installation is very user friendly.
Installation is via an RPM file, making installation on Red Hat compatible systems a piece of cake.
Installation is virtually effortless, simply lag the unit to the floor and plug it in.
Installation is virtually instant for quick use.
Installation is water-tight.
Installation is wonderfully straightforward.
Installation is, of course, a breeze.
Installation is, therefore, very quick and simple.
Installation Just extract the files in the ZIP package to a directory.
Installation just involves untarring or unzipping that same file in the right directory.
Installation kicks off on the system that is going to host the storage database.
Installation looks professional The nickel plated frame was lots of work but worth it.
Installation Make sure the computer is turned off.
Installation meets manufacturers' specifications.
Installation mostly consists of connecting a number of cables.
Installation needs smaller number of labor and equipment.
Installation needs to be coordinated with the consumer.
Installation needs to be done from current program diskettes.
Installation needs to be done only once.
Installation needs to be performed by our professional installers.
Installation normally requires one day or less.
Installation normally takes two hours.
Installation Note that the installation creates a winsock directory and group.
Installation notes A log of recent updates to the software.
Installation notes Please make sure all other applications are closed before proceeding.
Installation notes The software comes as distributed by the author or manufacturer.
Installation now asks whether to replace existing diagnosis codes or keep the old codes.
Installation now begins.
Installation now gives option to install program and data in different folders.
Installation now requires make, make install and make customize.
Installation now seems more like choosing the options for a new car than anything else.
Installation now speaks Korean language.
Installation occurs in non-interactive mode.
Installation occurs in under one minute, and the built in help gets users up and running instantly.
Installation occurs within minutes and it's compatible with most aftermarket modifications.
Installation only requires a few minutes, just unscrew the top rod.
Installation only requires a few simple steps.
Installation only requires some minimal carpentry skills.
Installation only requires that the utilities by connected to the skid.
Installation only takes a couple of minutes or so.
Installation only takes a few minutes.
Installation only takes a matter of a few minutes.
Installation permits customizing types of protection from online predators.
Installation Pick a directory for WebDAV's persistent store.
Installation plans for hundreds of cruising boats are on file.
Installation Pluging the card into the free PCI slot requires very little force.
Installation poses no additional problems.
Installation presents no major problems.
Installation proceeds to completion without further user input.
Installation proceeds with very little user interaction.
Installation proves to be very straight foward and simple.
Installation provides increased production area, storage and material handling capability.
Installation provides legal and other assistance as needed.
Installation Putting the board in a case is routine.
Installation quickly becomes problematic.
Installation Read the disclaimer .
Installation really is very simple, and once it is done, there is virtually no maintenance.
Installation Refer to AZCO installation manual.
Installation Refer to the installation manual.
Installation refers to connection charges for basic cellular telephone service.
Installation refers to connection charges for basic telephone service.
Installation remains expensive and the systems are still susceptible to hacker assaults.
Installation Remove original drain plug and drain oil into acceptable receptacle.
Installation Remove the string locking screw from the low E-saddle on the bridge.
Installation Remove the strings, stop-tailpiece, and tailpiece mounting posts.
Installation requires a basic familiarity with configuring a FreeBSD kernel.
Installation requires a CD ROM drive.
Installation requires a CD-ROM drive.
Installation requires a cold water source.
Installation requires a knowledge of how the floating system works.
Installation requires a number of manual steps that some sendmail installations automate.
Installation requires a password.
Installation requires a PC with a CD-ROM drive and a serial interface.
Installation requires a regular garden hose.
Installation requires a small hole drilled in the wall and suitable power.
Installation requires about six hours, using a two-person crew.
Installation requires additional clearance of two inches.
Installation requires an Internet connection and Web browser.
Installation requires an Internet connection.
Installation requires approx.
Installation requires both the application software and country maps.
Installation requires care.
Installation requires careful engineering.
Installation requires careful excavating and preparation.
Installation requires cutting a hole in the roof.
Installation requires drain hole drilled in cabinet.
Installation requires drilling and tapping of barrel.
Installation requires drilling four holes in the truck bed for the mounting bracket.
Installation requires gluing of all pieces.
Installation requires hand tools.
Installation requires heavy equipment and is expensive.
Installation requires less space than horizontal tank.
Installation requires less than one minute.
Installation requires less time and labor, making it a significantly cheaper alternative.
International reserves stand at historical highs.
International residents can find more information here.
International residents subscribe here. .
International resorts request payment via cash, check or major credit card.
International responses are also essential.
International restrictions apply.
International results are equally encouraging.
International rights are available.
International rivalry continues to prevent an agreement on HDTV standards.
International rock stars love half and half.
International rotations are popular as well.
International routes offer students the opportunity to study French or Spanish alongside economics.
Many international routes pass through Geneva to provide convenient connections across Europe.
International rules allow the team to designate only one libero for the match.
International rules call for a face-off.
International rules consider all cyclists as finishers once they enter the last kilometre.
International rules is definitely a much simpler game.
International rules prevent judges from commenting during competitions.
All international rules apply to tourists driving in the country.
Most international rules apply.
International runners arrive in Sydney.
International sales account for slightly more than half of sales.
International sales are also available.
International sales are final.
International sales continue to grow at record pace, even among older product revs.
International sales go the other direction, too.
International sales is a necessary part of their expansion.
International sales is handled by a worldwide network of international distributors.
International sales require credit card, bank wire, or check drawn on a U.S. bank.
International sales require electronic funds transfer.
International sales welcome.
All international sales are final.
All International sales are final.
International sanctions continue to hobble the economy.
International scholars are an important part of our student population today.
International scholarships are also available for students who qualify.
International schools can join the project.
International schools change from country to country.
International schools offering foreign curricula teach in English, French, German and Italian.
Many international schools prefer administrative candidates to have a higher degree.
Many international schools prefer certified teachers.
Most international schools have the IB, which creates continuity and a common curriculum.
Some international schools require that a debenture be paid once the child has been accepted.
International scrutiny is a form of such accountability of government.
International search has additional layers to be discovered and considered.
International searches are available and often advisable.
International seminars award four hours course credit.
All international seminars are open to full and part-time students.
Many international seminars are organised to benefit the maximum number of members.
International series have a numbered series card as well as having an individual shelflist typed.
International service aims to help others help themselves.
International service is also available through Orlando, Miami and Tampa.
International service is available by microwave, land line, and satellite through the Moscow switch.
International service is available to established clients only.
International service is available.
International service is frequently unreliable.
International service is good to adjacent Malaysia.
International service is inconsistent, and calls remain very expensive.
International service is limited to Vietnam and other adjacent countries.
International service is more expensive and requires more time.
International service is one of our specialties.
International service is provided by a number of companies in Georgia.
International service is reliable, although expensive.
International service learning expeditionary groups tend to become traveling families .
International service varies from country to country depending on type of service required.
International services are available in the office in Asmara.
International services are available.
International services can also serve as a crucial generator of new employment opportunities.
International settings use a comma in lieu of a period, causing the failure to occur.
International settlement is three business days after trade date.
International sharing is feasible.
International shipments are available.
International shipments are by air and shipping charges are paid by the customer.
International shipments are due in full prior to shipping.
International shipments are for the exact amount of postage.
International shipments are freight collect.
International shipments are on a country by country basis.
International shipments are slightly more.
International shipments are subject to additional shipping charges.
International shipments are subject to International surcharges to cover additional freight costs.
International shipments are under customs control.
International shipments arrive within three days of departure.
International shipments exclude all duties, tariffs, brokerage fees and local taxes.
International shipments have no approval period, there are no returns.
International shipments involve customs tariffs and delivery fees that frequently change.
International shipments require a commercial invoice.
International shipments require a declared value for customs.
International shipments require a shipping quotation, fax in a request.
International shipments require different health requirements, shipping and point of destination.
International shipments require export documentation .
International shipments vary by destination.
International shipments welcome.
All International shipment require the receipt of a bank wire transfer prior to shipping product.
All international shipments are FOB Reno, Nevada, USA, to be shipped as specified by purchaser.
All International shipments are tax and VAT free from the seller s end.
All international shipments require a phone number.
Most international shipments are by air-mail.
Most international shipments require some paperwork.
International shipping can be higher still, unfortunately.
International shipping can be very expensive.
International shipping costs more.
International shipping depends on country sent to.
International shipping faces major environment-related challenges.
International shipping includes all brokerage fees.
International shipping includes Canada.
International shipping is a higher rate.
International shipping is actual cost.
International shipping is additional and based on weight and destination.
International shipping is additional.
International shipping is also available and varies by destination.
International shipping is also available through our shopping cart.
International shipping is also available.
International shipping is an increasingly vibrant market segment.
International shipping is available , quote available upon request.
International shipping is available at actual shipping cost.
International shipping is available for an additional charge.
International shipping is available from the Netherlands.
International shipping is available through airborne, with delivery commitment based on distance.
International shipping is available upon request.
International shipping is available, check here for details .
International shipping is available.
International shipping IS available.
International shipping is based on actual shipping costs.
International shipping is billed at cost.
International shipping is by book rate.
International shipping is by terms with buyer.
International shipping is by weight.
International shipping is charged at cost.
International shipping is cost of global priority mail, unless customer specifies other method.
International shipping is done on an individual basis.
International shipping is doubled.
International shipping is either expensive or unreliable.
International shipping is extra but reasonable.
International shipping is extra, at cost, payable with order.
International shipping is extra, depending on the destination.
International shipping is extra.
International shipping is higher .
International shipping is higher.
International shipping IS higher.
International shipping is more expensive and is determined by weight and distance.
International shipping is never a problem.
International shipping is no problem, but expect to pay a bit more.
International shipping is of course more complicated.
International shipping is offered.
International shipping is per country.
International shipping is planned for the future.
International shipping is sent ground unless priority is requested.
International shipping is slightly higher.
International shipping is subject to additional charges depending on country and shipping method.
International shipping passes through without hindrance.
International shipping pays more.
International shipping requires export packing at factory and a month advance notice.
International shipping requires more than navigating foreign waters or air space.
International shipping see below.
International shipping varies by country and weight.
International shipping varies by country.
International shipping varies.
International shoppers Click here .
International shows are often on the program.
International shows can imply tough travel schedules.
International signing is helpful to non-English speaking customers.
International sisterhood is even more powerful.
International site is a commercial site.
International sites are now common for service learning.
International sites are welcome as long as they're in English and appeal to a U.S. audience. .
International sites are welcome to apply.
International sites are welcome.
International sites can apply. .
Most international sites are eligible.
Most international sites provide text in English as well as their own language.
International sizes are included where applicable.
All international sizes are available.
International societies are dedicated to knowledge.
International societies have members.
Most international societies have members.
Some international societies dedicate to conservation.
International solidarity is a longshore tradition.
International solidarity is a very important concept in the struggle for human progress.
International solidarity is crucial to keep the peace process alive and end the war.
International solidarity is crucial.
International solidarity is indispensable.
International solidarity is now more necessary than ever.
International solidarity is the expression of the highest qualities of human conscience.
International solidarity is therefore an imperative.
International solidarity is therefore imperative.
International solidarity needs to be harnessed.
International speakers share information on current early childhood issues and trends.
International sport is somewhere between British and American situations.
International sportscasts are also available.
International squash has longer rallies and more running.
International stability is vital to Western interests.
International staff add a unique flavor and experience for everyone at camp.
International staff adds a special cultural dimension to the staff team and camping program.
International staff are back in the office, which is fully operational.
International staff provide a friendly, personalised service.
All international staff live on the campus with their families.
International standard is aimed at.
International standards allow families to make such decisions.
International standards are even more important in an ever-shrinking world.
International standards are just as important in terms of software as in hardware.
International standards are now very numerous and wide-ranging.
International standards assure buyers that timber is from well-managed, and monitored forests.
International standards assure comfort, convenience and privacy for all our guests.
International standards differ as well.
International standards exist or are being developed in other areas as well.
International standards help overcome such problems.
International standards oppose the death penalty for the mentally impaired.
International standards oppose use of the death penalty against such individuals.
International standards play a crucial role in our fast-changing global economy.
International standards refer to demographic diversity of personnel.
International standards seek to restrict the scope of the death pen-alty.
International standards support civilian jurisdiction.
International stocks are for everyone, with the possible exception of the elderly.
International stocks carry the added risks of currency exchange rates and political instability.
International stories are on page two.
International straits are part of the high seas where freedom of navigation is guaranteed to all.
International strategists know about the watchman's trumpet blasts.
International student come from such places as Egypt, Lebanon, Liberia and Namibia.
International student is an all-encompassing term.
International student Pay the amount indicated on the billing statement.
International students add about another percent and half to that.
International students add an important dimension to our community.
International students add to cultural learning experience of the programs.
International students apply here.
International students apply knowledge in their native countries.
International students applying for undergraduate admission have their own special form.
International students are a vital part of our academic community.
International students are a vital part of our education program.
International students are also able to participate in smaller seminar courses.
International students are also aware that their sojourn is a temporary one.
International students are also eligible for on-campus employment.
International students are also eligible to apply.
International students are also eligible to pursue employment opportunities on campus .
International students are also eligible to take part-time jobs on campus.
International students are also eligible.
International students are also welcome to attend.
International students are always a welcome addition to the experience.
International students are always welcome on our campus.
International students are ambassadors from their home country.
International students are an important and vital part of our student body.
International students are an important component of the community.
International students are an important part of our diverse campus.
International students are an integral part of any internationally recognized institution.
International students are approximately three times Canadian tuition fees.
International students are available as speakers for community activities and events.
International students are eager to improve their skills.
International students are eligible for a limited number of competitive scholarships.
International students are eligible for fellowships and TAships.
International students are eligible for international student grants and campus work.
International students are eligible for merit-based scholarships .
International students are eligible for most student assistantships.
International students are eligible for scholarship consideration.
International students are eligible for special program financial packages.
International students are eligible for teaching and research assistantships.
International students are eligible to apply for graduate research and teaching assistantships.
International students are eligible to apply for scholarships.
International students are eligible to apply for the honors program.
International students are eligible to apply.
International students are eligible to be considered for grant assistance.
International students are eligible to be considered for in-course awards.
International students are eligible to compete for graduate assistantships and fellowships.
International students are eligible to receive graduate assistantships.
International students are eligible to work on campus.
International students are eligible with a co-borrower who is a U.S. citizen or permanent resident.
International students are eligible.
International students are especially welcome to apply.
International students are extremely motivated and work hard to accomplish their goals.
International students are free to choose any of the specific management curricula available.
International students are frequent participants in college athletics.
International students are good for business.
International students are guaranteed accomodation.
International students are in the United States to get an education.
International students are individually responsible for satisfying visa requirements.
International students are ineligible for federal student loans.
International students are ineligible for federal, state and institutional aid.
International students are ineligible to apply for federal student loans.
International students are limited to either one or two modules.
International students are limited to on-campus employment only during their first academic year.
International students are most welcome.
International students are particularly welcome.
International students are prepared for academic life at an American university.
International students are proud to represent their countries.
International students are reluctant to call security.
International students are responsible for all travel expenses.
International students are responsible for arranging their own medical coverage.
International students are responsible for financing their own education.
International students are responsible for maintaining their own status.
International students are responsible for the expenses they incur while in the United States.
International students are responsible to find their own sponsor.
International students are students who hold student or other temporary visas.
International students are subject to higher tuition fees than Canadian students.
International students are subject to special insurance requirements.
International students are subject to special provisions concerning employment.
International students are the future leaders in their home countries.
International students are the most economically solvent group on campus.
International students are the most poorly represented group.
International students are very involved in campus activities.
International students are welcome and add a wonderful dimension to our campus.
International students are welcome at Parkland.
International students are welcome to apply for any of the semesters.
International students are welcome to apply.
International students are welcome to become members.
International students are welcome to click here for contact persons.
International students are welcome to enrol our degree program.
International students are welcome to look for a job and work on campus.
International students are welcome to the same education if they are willing to work for it also.
International students are welcome.
International students attend american universities.
International students attend classes with American students and are graded on the same basis.
International students attend universities.
International students attending American schools appear to be gaining a lot more than an education.
International students bear flags.
International students become eligible for TAs following completion of their first year of study.
International students benefit from a full range of services and guidance.
International students bring diverse learning styles to the classroom.
International students broaden our understanding of the church universal.
International students can also apply for eMax loans.
International students can also contact international student clubs .
International students can also make a substantial contribution to institutional income.
International students can also obtain the catalog upon arrival at the college.
International students can also participate.
International students can apply for admission here .
International students can apply for the departments where they want to study.
International students can be full or part-time.
International students can benefit from a total immersion experience.
International students can borrow without an U.S. citizen co-signer.
International students can choose to take classes during the summer sessions.
International students can download the necessary forms.
International students can enjoy a quiet rural lifestyle in a city that is both safe and friendly.
International students can enrol only on a full-time basis.
International students can expect a high standard of education and living conditions.
International students can find the answers to their questions here .
International students can find the proper form here.
International students can find the relevant information from the international students' web page .
International students can find the relevant information here .
International students can get more out of going abroad to study if they give everything a try.
International students can join HOST free of charge.
International students can join various clubs and organizations on campus.
International students can learn as well.
International students can locate sources of funding specific to their study interests.
International students can obtain a work permit at a Finnish embassy or consulate abroad.
International students can obtain referrals to apartments or lodgings at the guidance corner.
International students can only apply to Fall terms.
International students can pay for courses by credit card or wire transfer.
International students can relate the event to their experiences of living in a land far from home.
International students can take free English language classes.
International students can use our regular registration forms to enroll in individual courses.
International students can work on campus only.
International students challenge the typical American ways of thinking.
International students click here .
International students click HERE for important insurance information.
International students click Here to apply for undergraduate admission.
International students click here.
International students come from all over the world to study in Kansas.
International students come from Brazil, Germany, Iran, Korea, Peru, Nigeria, and Taiwan.
International students come from twenty-one different countries.
International students come to Australian universities to experience the Australian dimension.
International students come with even greater needs.
International Students Coming to a new country is exciting, but often confusing.
International students commit themselves to living far from home.
International students compete with the general applicant pool for scholarships .
International students complete the same application requirements as do the American students.
International students comprise another segment of the learning community.
International students comprise approximately ten percent of the student body.
International students comprise five percent of the total enrollment.
International students consider it a great honor and privilege to dine with their college president.
International students contribute to the diversity of the educational experience.
International students do have an option of purchasing other insurance.
International students do have to stand up, to run campaigns.
International students eat out in Houston restaurants and write about their personal favorites.
International students end up sometimes living in hotels unit they can find space somewhere to live.
International students enjoy the easygoing lifestyle that Sydney has to offer.
International students enjoy the many outdoor activities available here.
International students enjoy the same protections and rights as all other students.
International students enrich our campus with their beliefs, experiences, and world views.
International students enrich the campus and help teach our students about other cultures.
International students enter the United States using one of two student visas.
International students entering the UK to study are liable to pay full-cost fees.
International students experience uniquely American tradition.
International students face special difficulties which an alert teacher can help to resolve.
International students find our relatively small student body friendly and welcoming.
International students find out about Albany in many different ways.
International students find the campus' proximity to New York City especially appealing.
International students follow the normal application procedures.
International students follow the same application procedure as U.S. students with one addition.
International students Follow the same procedure.
International students get priority because of their ineligibility for other forms of funding.
International students get the chance to show off their heritage.
International students have a choice here.
International students have a different set of circumstances than American students.
International students have a few options to choose from.
International students have a host family in the local community.
International students have a limited amount of time in which to obtain visas.
International students have a separate application procedure.
International students have a unique perspective on American culture.
International students have a wider range of professional backgrounds.
International students have access to wide range of support services and modern facilities.
International students have an earlier application and document deadline for each semester.
International students have concerns about their safety, as do their families back home.
International students have concerns beyond that of our local colleagues.
Many items can suffer when exposed to extreme heat or cold.
Many items carry a warranty from the manufacturer.
Many items carry local histories.
Many items cause a foreign body reaction when placed in the human body.
Many items challenge common ideas of what defines a book.
Many items change daily.
Many items come directly from New England homes.
Many items come from solving puzzles but many puzzles allow partial solutions.
Many items come from the classical buildings of Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Many items come well packaged in large boxes.
Many items come with adjusting bolts or nuts to allow it to be fitted.
Many items come with lots of accessories and peripherals.
Many items come with the sentiments expressed on a small card tucked inside the box.
Many items contain abstracts.
Many items contribute to indoor air pollution.
Many items cost less when ordered in bulk.
Many items depend on local markets.
Many items directly relate to Alaska.
Many items discussed have samples shown on the same page.
Many items feature Czech sayings and the dancing or kissing Czech couple.
Many items feature traditional floral designs reflecting the natural world.
Many items featured for sale are authentic Western products hand crafted in Kansas.
Many items found in the database are unavailable from other sources.
Many items go beyond traditional utility products.
Many items have a longer manufacturers warranty, details are included with each item.
Many items have a Western flavor.
Many items have an interpretive meaning which are different to their face value.
Many items have brief annotations .
Many items have countless applications.
Many items have deadlines.
Many items have hyperlinks to further information.
Many items have notes by the donor attached.
Many items have one or more secondary classifications.
Many items have organizations as authors.
Many items have pics available by clicking the links in their descriptions.
Many items have quantity discount schedules.
Many items have yet to be inventoried in any form.
Many items held by a library are available for loan.
Many items here are hand made and one of a kind.
Many items hold magic properties.
Many items including the shirts bears the Oil City name and oil derrick logo.
Many items indexed are in languages other than English.
Many items licensed for production by commercial vendors display the university name.
Many items listed are incomplete, cannibalized or broken.
Many items listed below are in pdf format.
Many items look suspiciously like indoor plants back home ficus, gardenias and palms, for example.
Many items lose their appeal to consumers over time, yet they still occupy a large high volume slot.
Many items make excellent gifts because of their unusualness.
Many items make great gifts for expecting parents.
Many items make ideal gifts for that special friend or family member.
Many items needed to sustain combat operations are in short supply.
Many items offered are in limited quantity and subject to prior sale.
Many items overlap with the JBAC workplan.
Many items reasonably fit in several categories.
Many items receive heavy demand even though they are in limited supply.
Many items remain hot for quite some time after they ve been used.
Many items requested are here within a week.
Many items require a serial number .
Many items require painting after repair or rebuilding.
Many items require special finishing for appearance or markings.
Many items sell out early in the week.
Many items sell out quickly.
Many items shown are available in other colors.
Many items shown in photographs are options.
Many items sold in the commissaries are subject to state and local sales taxes.
Many items still remain to be verified with their manufacturers as to functionality.
Many items suggest the Southwest as much as Mexico.
Many items take at least two weeks to arrive.
Many items take four to six weeks for delivery.
Many items take only one click to add to the shopping cart without typing in any information.
Many items use computers to function.
More items are being added all the time, so check back for updates.
More items are being added all the time, so check back soon to see what's new.
More items are being added all the time, so please check back often.
More items are being added daily, please check back often.
More items are in the View menu, fewer toolbar buttons.
More items are on the way.
More items are still to be added.
Most items usually arrive within two or three weeks.
Most item is one of a kind.
Most items also carry a manufacturer's warranty that covers a longer period of time.
Most items also have a context-sensitive link accessed by clicking the in the heading bar.
Most items also require a deposit in addition to the rent.
Most items appear in alphabetical order.
Most items are about setting policy or major decisions about services.
Most items are all in mint or near mint condition.
Most items are already available framed also and are in stock.
Most items are already over-packaged.
Most items are always in stock.
Most items are available and in stock.
Most items are available as packaged sets.
Most items are available as pills, capsules,or powder.
Most items are available at cycling shops or by mail order.
Most items are available at quantity discounts.
Most items are available for borrowing.
Most items are available for check out to teachers and college students.
Most items are available for checkout or for interlibrary loan.
Most items are available for circulation.
Most items are available for downloading in .pdf format.
Most items are available for free download.
Most items are available for immediate delivery.
Most items are available for immediate shipment.
Most items are available for immediate shipping.
Most items are available for in library use only.
Most items are available for loan, with the exception of reference texts and current journal issues.
Most items are available for loan.
Most items are available for next-day delivery.
Most items are available for pickup the next business day.
Most items are available for rent and are perfect fixtures for period theatre pieces.
Most items are available from stock.
Most items are available in a variety of materials of construction to suit the application.
Most items are available in all patterns.
Most items are available in black, navy or ivory.
Most items are available in both English and Spanish .
Most items are available in custom sizes.
Most items are available in either in flat black or a polished finish.
Most items are available in English or Metric.
Most items are available locally.
Most items are available on a regular basis.
Most items are available on loan to members.
Most items are available on request and free of charge.
Most items are available through mail order.
Most items are available to be borrowed.
Most items are available to download.
Most items are available to individuals as well.
Most items are available to other libraries via inter-library loan.
Most items are available to ship from our warehouses within one to four business days.
Most items are available to ship immediately.
Most items are available using our shopping cart.
Most items are available with either embroidery or silk screening.
Most items are available with or without diamonds.
Most items are available with price lists.
Most items are away from the shelf for about three weeks.
Most items are complimentary, but a few materials have a small cost recovery charge.
Most items are copies and printed matter, which reflect their apparent reference use.
Most items are copies and printed matter, which reflect their apparent use for reference.
Most items are cross-references.
Most items are current styles and leathers.
Most items are customizable and made to order.
Most items are customizable upon request.
Most items are decision-making items.
Most items are difficult to find.
Most items are dishwasher safe and carry an extended lifetime warranty.
Most items are downloadable.
Most items are dramatically below retail cost.
Most items are drop shipped from our suppliers.
Most items are easy to deal with, such as clothing, shoes, etc.
Most items are easy to find in a drugstore or in a camping and backpacking store.
Most items are either downloadable or viewable right online.
Most items are either office supplies or maintenance and repair items.
Most items are either originals or limited editions, individually signed and numbered by the artist.
Most items are fairly common and come in popular sizes.
Most items are fake Indian beads and feathers, shoddily made.
Most items are financial or business papers from the government for which Houston worked.
Most items are first editions of operas and libretti and several are in manuscript format.
Most items are first editions, many inscribed by their authors.
Most items are for loan but some, like theses, are for reference use only in the Library.
Most items are for loan, and there are reference copies of heavily-used material.
Most items are for sale at half the recommended retail price or less.
Most items are free , except when otherwise noted.
Most items are free.
Most items are full text.
Most items are full-text.
Most items are general household goods, furniture, electronics, clothing and personal records.
Most items are gold decorated with diamonds, rubies, pearls, emeralds and other precious stones.
Most items are government issue or made to government specification by the same manufacturer.
Most items are government issue or made to the government specification by the same manufacturer.
Most items are handcrafted and one of a kind making each a unique product.
Most items are handcrafted.
Most items are handmade and authentic.
Most items are handmade, and remain faithful to the Native American spirit and tradition.
Most items are handy in battle, others help increase feelings between party members.
Most items are hardware only.
Most items are hot linked to more information.
Most items are in book format, but electronic publishing projects are also being considered.
Most items are in good condition and operable.
Most items are in inventory for immediate delivery.
Most items are in mint condition and in their original boxes.
Most items are in mint condition.
MOST items are in near perfect condition and have been well taken care of.
Most items are in poster form.
Most items are in regular stock and delivery is prompt.
Most items are in sotck and can be shipped quickly.
Most items are in stock and available for immediate delivery or pick up at our store.
Most items are in stock and available for immediate shipment.
Most items are in stock and available.
Most items are in stock and can be shipped quickly.
Most items are in stock and can be shipped with overnight delivery to most major centers in Canada.
Most items are in stock and ready for delivery.
Most items are in stock and ready for immediate delivery.
Most items are in stock and ready for immediate shipment.
Most items are in stock and ready for next day delivery.
Most items are in stock and ready to go, every day.
Most items are in stock and ready to ship, or can be drop shipped direct from the manufacturer.
Most items are in stock and ship right away.
Most items are in stock and shipped immediately.
Most items are in stock and shipped in three working days.
Most items are in stock at all times.
Most items are in stock for immediate shipment.
Most items are in stock for quick order fulfillment.
Most items are in stock for same day shipment.
Most items are in stock ready for immediate shipment.
Most items are in stock.
Most items are in the form of gift certificates and are easily put in the mail.
Most items are in the process of being catalogued.
Most items are inexpensive by American standards.
Most items are in-stock for immediate shipment.
Most items are in-stock.
Most items are interactive and extend the museum experience through creativity and problem solving.
Most items are library use only, with one-hour loan periods.
Most items are loanable for a term.
Most items are mailable to foreign countries with certain restrictions.
Most items are mailable to foreign countries, however ther are restrictions that vary by country.
Most items are mailable to foreign countries.
Most items are negotiable for best offer.
Most items are new and still in the original box.
Most items are non-circulating.
Most items are now available by individual unit as well as by the case.
Most items are now available for order unless noted on the item page.
Most items are now available for ordering.
Most items are now available to order instantly from our on-line shop .
Most items are of a routine nature, and one receipt does look pretty much like another.
Most items are on a four-year replacement cycle.
Most items are on open access although some are available only to members.
Most items are on the auctioneer's block for less than a minute.
Most items are one of a kind.
Most Items are on-hand and available for immediate shipment.
Most items are open-access, published within the last fifteen years.
Most items are operas, other classical works, or jazz music.
Most items are photocopies, photoprints, or typed transcriptions.
Most items are provided free of charge, however some lending libraries do require fees.
Most Items are readily available.
Most items are ready to ship within one week after receipt of order.
Most items are relatively expensive, because most pieces are done by hand.
Most items are relatively inexpensive and some are discounted.
Most items are renewable except for videos and books that have a reserve list.
Most items are renewable once.
Most items are renewable one time, upon approval of the lending library.
Most items are renewable.
Most items are responses to invitations or acknowledgements of reprints.
Most items are returnable.
Most items are reversible.
Most items are secondhand.
Most items are self explanatory.
Most items are self-explanatory, except the mode.
Most items are self-explanatory.
Most items are specific to the real estate professional.
Most items are standard Chinese fare.
Most items are still available.
Most items are stock with lead times shown for specials.
Most items are suitable for hospital newsletters, bulletin boards, etc.
Most items are ten cents a day.
Most items are text documents with the opportunity to click to a graphic view only document.
Most items are the last one available.
Most items are the same.
Most items are unique and many are centuries old, fragile and irreplaceable.
Most items are unique, hand crafted, and some, one of a kind.
Most items are unique, one-off creations.
Most items are unique, with an outdoor theme.
Most items are unused.
Most items are up and running.
Most items are usually in stock.
Most items are very limited in quantity and are available only in the size and color shown.
Most items are Web-based or described online.
Most items arrive within a two week time period.
Most items arrive within a week.
Most items arrive within two to four weeks.
Most items below are cover price.
Most items can be business card holders.
Most items can be check out free of charge.
Most items can be custom engraved.
Most items can ship the same day they are ordered.
Most items carry our one year, five year or ten year guarantee of satisfaction.
Most items carry the manufacturer's original warranty.
Most items check out for four weeks.
Most items check out for one week.
Most Items circulate for a one week period.
Most items circulate for a three-week period.
Most items circulate for either two hours or forty-eight hours.
Most items circulate for four weeks.
Most items circulate for three weeks.
Most items circulate for two hours.
Most items circulate for two weeks.
Most items circulate in-house only for two hours.
Most items circulate twenty-eight days, best sellers and some new items circulate for ten days.
Most items come assembled, but a few require very limited assembly.
Most items come from government auctions.
Most items come from individuals and, less commonly, from local organisations.
Most items come from thrift stores or house sales.
Most items come in brilliant, new shades.
Most items come in velvet pouches, and are gift-boxed.
Most items come with free shipping to the Continental United States.
Most items come with point of sale material at no extra charge .
Most items come with sides of potatoes, toast or muffins.
Most items come with stories included that tell some of their history and significance.
Most items contain links out to more detailed information about each day's events.
Most items even offer a choice of stone color and gold color.
Most items feature the festival theme.
Most items featured in our catalogue are available to Canadian customers in any quantity.
Most items featured on the menu are French favorites.
Most items give details of the crime, and of the criminals' background and family life.
Most items go on sale at the beginning of the season they are used in, due to competition.
Most items have a lifetime guarantee.
Most items have a manufacturer's warranty which is passed directly to the customer.
Most items have a manufacturers warranty, which is passed directly to the customer.
Most items have a manufacturer's warranty, which is passed directly to the customer.
Most items have a one-week checkout time.
Most items have a paragraph extolling the virtues of the item.
Most items have a southwestern flair.
Most items have a special price for members.
Most items have a text description and a small photograph.
Most items have abstracts.
Most items have an additional sewn element integrated into the overall design.
Most items have gift plates attached, and many are marked with inventory numbers.
Most items have members' and non-members' prices, indicated by the buttons.
Most items have one-year warranty.
Most items have options such as size or color.
Most items have original prices listed.
Most items have pictures and are priced in the middle range when compared to other sites.
Most items have pictures available.
Most items have specific duty rates, which are determined by a number of factors.
Most items indexed are of a local or regional nature.
Most items involve frying of some kind.
Most items listed are within a one-hour drive of Calais.
Most items listed below are free.
Most items listed below are in .PDF format.
Most items listed never seem to get sold.
Most items listed online are in stock and thus available for immediate pickup or shipping.
Most items made from polyester can be dry-cleaned.
Most items normally ship the next business day.
Most items now have a summary or a review, many have a table of contents and a author's biography.
Most items occupy one square, but larger ones occupy more.
Most items offered are in stock for fast delivery and installation.
Most items produced are microwave, oven and dishwasher safe.
Most items purchased in metals cans have an oxidizer packet in the can to help retain quality.
Most items qualify.
Most items relate to annual and biennial meetings and conferences.
Most items relate to South Carolina.
Most items report data for five years.
Most items report data for six years.
Most items requested are pretty basic.
Most items require a minimum quantity purchase.
Most items require several thousand labels for purchase.
Most items require two full working days advance notice.
Most items retain their original colored covers.
Most items seen here are available onboard.
Most items selected are directly related to the law, legislation or legal subjects.
Most items sell for under a hundred dollars and are still easily accessible.
Most items sent are for information only.
Most items ship the same day.
Most items still carry the manufacturers warranty.
Most items take at least two weeks to arrive.
Most items take several weeks to complete.
Most items take the form of an officers report.
Most items there follow the basic instructions detailed below.
Most items treat the Middle Ages period.
Most items used are disposable.
Most items weigh less than the base weight and ship for the above amounts.
Some items actually work, and that's their value.
Some items also are available on our Web site.
Some items also are in videocassette format.
Some items also depend on how they're presented.
Some items also provide a Table of Contents record.
Some items appear here only as a convenience to our users.
Some items appear in more than one category.
Some items appear in more than one section.
Some items appear on more than one list.
Some items appear twice.
Some items are a little pricier.
Some items are a shovel, crook, rubber chicken, and there are many more.
Some items are accessible specifically for on-campus use.
Some items are accessible via more than one path.
Some items are almost impossible to make accessible to blind readers.
Some items are already likely to be made from recycled materials.
Some items are already online.
Some items are also available at our on-line gift shop .
Some items are also available in antique brass finish.
Some items are also available to buy, and some are available free such as flags and place mats.
Some items are also for sale.
Some items are also in videocassette format.
Some items are also worth additional vitality points.
Some items are as familiar as crab cakes and cobblers.
Some items are automatic disqualifiers.
Some items are available assembled .
Some items are available at a reduced rate for periods of a week or more.
Some items are available both signed or unsigned.
Some items are available by custom quote only.
Some items are available for a limited time only. .
Some items are available for checkout for off-campus meetings, conferences, or special events.
Some items are available for checkout.
Some items are available for downloading and are in pdf format.
Some items are available for loan on video tape.
Some items are available for overnight loan if borrowed during the final two hours of opening.
Some items are available for overnight shipping.
Some items are available for purchase.
Some items are available for shipping sooner.
Some items are available for shipping.
Some items are available free.
Some items are available from stock - call for availability.
Some items are available in .pdf format only.
Kids have dreams.
Kids have ear and nose piercings, boys wear black nail polish, kids stay out late.
Kids have easy access to weapons that can maim and kill.
Kids have energy.
Kids have enormous energy and enthusiasm, while older people have great experience and wisdom.
Kids have enough disruption in their lives today.
Kids have enough stress with school, homework, chores, friends, etc.
Kids have eyes.
Kids have families.
Kids have few safe places to play.
Kids have fire drills in school.
Kids have first amendment rights too.
Kids Have First Amendment Rights, Too.
Kids have food.
Kids have fun and learn about respect, responsibility and the right behavior.
Kids have fun and learn.
Kids have fun during launch delay called because of wind.
Kids have fun in our programs, and rapidly learn large areas of natural history.
Kids have fun learning addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, fractions, decimals.
Kids have fun planting and watching their favorite vegetables grow.
Kids have fun surfing the net.
Kids have fun watching it, but it's really geared for adults.
Kids have fun while building their knowledge of local species and how they live together.
Kids have fun while gaining an awareness of safety and more through literature and demonstrations.
Kids have fun while they learn how to make new friends, build new skills and grow in self-reliance.
Kids have fun with hands on activities and worthwhile experiences.
Kids have fun with it.
Kids have fun without drinking.
Kids have fun.
Kids have generous tendencies.
Kids have great enthusiasm and energy to figure out and act on their own direction in life.
Kids have great ideas and aspirations.
Kids have growth hormones.
Kids have gun racks on their bikes.
Kids have hands.
Kids have high ambitions.
Kids have high caloric needs and small bellies, so snacking is unavoidable.
Kids have homework.
Kids have hormones too.
Kids have hormones.
Kids have inherent loyalty conflicts, it's unavoidable.
Kids have intense emotions.
Kids have interest in other things.
Kids have it hard growing up with several sets of parents.
Kids have it so easy today.
Kids have it, parents have it, co-workers etc.
Kids have knowledge.
Kids have less disposable income and are more price-sensitive.
Kids have lice.
Kids have life.
Kids have little computer bodies with disks that store information.
Kids have little sense of risk, or concern about arrest or imprisonment.
Kids have little stomachs.
Kids have little trouble memorizing basic, smaller number facts.
Kids have lots and lots of questions.
Kids have lots of fun there.
Kids have lots of fun while visiting New Haven.
Kids have lots of fun, learning about themselves, and also express how they are feeling.
Kids have lots of problems.
Kids have low sales resistance for sweet things.
Kids have many questions surrounding the developmentally disabled.
Kids have many ways to go around detectors.
Kids have mathematical ability.
Kids have minds like steel traps.
Kids have minds of their own.
Kids have moms.
Kids have money for CDs, for gas to put in the car, for hanging out and going to the movies.
Kids have money to spend and are now developing brand awareness at an early age.
Kids have money, and they have specific things they want to do.
Kids have more free time to explore their computer in detail.
Kids have more options than ever when it comes to sports.
Kids have more options.
Kids have more status than dogs.
Kids have much lower tax rates.
Kids have much shorter fuses.
Kids have nine weeks on and three weeks off, four times a year.
Kids have no choice of who their parents are.
Kids have no difficulty buying into the concept.
Kids have no intention of going down.
Kids have no money.
Kids have no patience.
Kids have no privacy.
Kids have no respect for life.
Kids have no rights in the supposedly democratic United States.
Kids have no such power, the power of the franchise, and are largely ignored.
Kids have no voice in our society.
Kids have one less reason to respect an umpire.
Kids have pain.
Kids have parents.
Kids have performance.
Kids have pizzas.
Kids have ridiculously easy access to firearms.
Kids have school, and homework after school, so they have no time.
Kids have senses.
Kids have sex outside relationships because they are scared and afraid of getting hurt.
Kids have short attention spans.
Kids have shorter attention spans than adults.
Kids have small stomachs.
Kids have soccer practice, music lessons and tutors.
Kids have soccer teams, theater classes, lunchtime recess.
Kids have some great expectations about prayer.
Kids have some horse fun enjoy horse puzzles and learn horse knowledge.
Kids have spontaneous curiosities.
Kids have story time, playground time, crafts, and snacks with a caring and fun loving staff.
Kids have stress, too.
Kids have strong emotions, and one of the most common is anger.
Kids have such a fascinating perspective on life, and their imagination can absolutely run wild.
Kids have such problems with their own violent behavior.
Kids have symptoms to an extreme, more on the exaggerated end.
Kids have talent.
Kids have teeth.
Kids have tender feelings.
Kids have that wonderful ability to adapt and fit in that adults often loose.
Kids have the advantage because they have knowledge of all the characters.
Kids have the advantage of a child-friendly environment.
Kids have the chance to build roads or bring water into the area to nourish the wildlife.
Kids have the chance to play quality talent from around the area.
Kids have the company of other kids.
Kids have the energy to go for miles.
Kids have the energy, the time, and the spirit to dream up amazing ways of helping needy people.
Kids have the opportunity to get a good education at public high schools.
Kids have the possibility to play, or at least touch, the instruments.
Kids have the power to change the world.
Kids have the power.
Kids have the right to be cared for when they're sick or well.
Kids have the right to be loved.
Kids have the right to protection from harmful people or material.
Kids have the same classmates all day.
Kids have the same programming privileges as adults.
Kids have the tendency to compare what other parents allow.
Kids have their faces painted like pirates and board a real live pirate ship.
Kids have their mouths wide open.
Kids have their own checkin area and dining area.
Kids have their own coaches.
Kids have their own concession stand and there's a barbershop behind home plate.
Kids have their own foods to enjoy including chicken fingers, fries and more.
Kids have their own full-day activity programs, which are tailored to four age groups.
Kids have their own games and prizes.
Kids have their own issues when eating out.
Kids have their own lives.
Kids have their own menu and TV screen.
Kids have their own menu here too.
Kids have their own real estate, too.
Kids have their own rooms.
Kids have their own sense of humour.
Kids have their own special pediatric doctors, nurses and hospitals.
Kids have their own TVs, their own VCRs, their own phones.
Kids have their own workshop at the same time.
Kids have their problems, too.
Kids have their rights to freedom of assembly rigidly controlled on campus.
Kids have thinner skin and thus are severely scalded at lower temperatures than adults.
Kids have to answer questions and unscramble clues and words to get the correct answers.
Kids have to attend.
Kids have to be helped to control their impulses.
Kids have to be in the right mind-set to be on the right path.
Kids have to be one of the great under-utilized energy resources in North America.
Kids have to be part of Jewish holiday preparations, traditions and observances.
Kids have to be reminded that being online is very different than playing a video game.
Kids have to be taught to understand their limitations in what they can get the dog to do.
Kids have to be watched at all times.
Kids have to blow ping pong balls from the line into the cup.
Kids have to catch what is coming in on the wire and piece together the beginning of a puzzle.
Kids have to choose one or the other.
Kids have to complete sentences to assemble puzzles, and more.
Kids have to dance, they just have to.
Kids have to do spectacular feats to get on television, or spectacular crimes.
Kids have to do things that they can feel some direct pride in.
Kids have to drag their parents out of there.
Kids have to draw upon their math skills to help save the world.
Kids have to enjoy it.
Kids have to figure out WHAT they're supposed to be doing.
Kids have to figure out why the baby is crying and try to console it with one of the keys.
Kids have to fill in the background details with their imaginations.
Kids have to find the timer before the alarm sounds, or the next round begins.
Kids have to fish often in order to build a foundation of success and skills they can rely on later.
Kids have to fit in.
Kids have to go to school.
Kids have to grow up so quickly there.
Kids have to have access to alternative environments.
Kids have to have freedom when it comes to extracurricular activities.
Kids have to identify the highlighted portion of a map.
Kids have to keep their parks financially as well as ecologically viable.
Kids have to know one thing, how to pass the puck, and how to skate it, and how to enjoy the game.
Kids have to know that there are consequences for everything they do.
Kids have to know that they can solve their own problems.
Kids have to know their bug facts in order to keep their collection.
Kids have to lay off smoking, because it can really ruin their bodies and their lives.
Kids have to learn about dog safety .
Kids have to learn behavior has consequences.
Kids have to learn how to fail.
Kids have to learn to be accountable.
Kids have to learn to be part of a community.
Kids have to learn to be patient.
Kids have to learn to play.
Kids have to learn to speak out, to make moral judgments.
Kids have to make their own choices and mistakes.
Kids have to match up shapes, animals, dots on dice and letters, too.
Kids have to participate in making that happen.
Kids have to pay for the parts they've used with using bugs as currency.
Kids have to practice logic skills of deduction and reasoning to pass through the forest.
Kids have to put in eight hours of service for the first offense.
Kids have to qualify for food, but once they do, they get it.
Kids have to read for comprehension, problem-solve, and search for information.
Kids have to realize that every vote counts.
Kids have to realize there are responsibilities that have to be adhered to.
Kids have to remember to do that.
Kids have to respond.
Kids have to ride in the back seat.
Kids have to share books with one another.
Kids have to solve their own problems.
Kids have to stand up and make some value judgments.
Kids have to take a beginner's course before they hunt for the first time.
Kids have to think as well as play.
Kids have to think in terms of safety as being more important than confidentiality.
Kids have to use technology for educational purposes.
Kids have to want it themselves.
Kids have too many rules.
Kids have too much free and idle time.
Kids have too much homework, the authors say.
Kids have too much to do with sports and other activities to have time to work.
Kids have tremendous power.
Kids have trouble being away from mom.
Kids have unusual ability.
Kids have unusual mathematical ability.
Kids have upper hands.
Kids have valuable perspectives, but the world offers no mechanism to voice their opinions.
Kids have very little, elderly people have lots.
Kids have visions of cherry tomatoes stuffed with cream cheese dancing in their heads.
Kids have weak hind legs eventually leading to paralysis.
Kids have white teeth.
Kids have wonderful abilities and imaginations.
Kids have wonderful ideas and logic.
Kids have wonderful ideas.
Kids have wonderful imaginations and are very natural storytellers.
Kids have years.
Kids having fun while learning keeps teachers and students involved.
Kids having kids' is an apt description.
Kids having traditional heart surgery remain in the hospital five to seven days.
Kids heal faster from that type of thing than adults do.
Kids hear a nice story, too.
Kids hear about life on the farm in Spanish or English while they color the page.
Kids hear about the program in a variety of ways.
Kids hear about volunteer opportunities through school projects, parents, other adults, and friends.
Kids hear sounds and letters to form and read words.
Kids hear that from their parents.
Kids hear that question a lot, but have few chances to explore different careers.
Kids hear that slogan all the time.
Kids hear the music first, then they listen to the lyrics.
Kids hear the news through a million different sources.
Kids hear untrue things in the hallways and from their friends about sex.
Kids Help .
Kids help a broken carousel pony by solving puzzles.
Kids help and are included from start to finish.
Kids Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Kids help by repeating music patterns.
Kids help choose the monthly projects.
Kids Help is Canada's only toll-free national telephone counseling service for children and youth.
Kids help kids find sites that are fun and that help with homework.
Kids help kids in computer literacy program.
Kids Help Line at all times is directed by the children and young people who are our clients.
Kids help other kids.
Kids help out their spy parents.
Kids help save the day by exploring the house, and ultimately finding the five missing friends.
Kids help script, act, and edit.
Kids Help Themselves.
Kids here are very accustomed to navigating the river.
Kids here are very frightened by dogs.
Kids here don t listen, respect their elders the way they did in the old country.
Kids here have incredible freedom.
Kids here know they have to be good to even try out.
Kids here learn about the water.
Kids here like to ski and sled.
Kids here struggle with the same stuff other kids do, like drinking and drugs.
Kids here survive one day at a time.
Kids hide how they're feeling.
Kids hike twice as fast in the front as they do in the back.
Kids Hits a frequently-changing listing of internet sites for children.
Kids hold a spear, a gun, or a bow in their hands.
Kids hold balloons.
Kids hold themselves accountable.
Kids hone their money sense by playing games.
Kids hop on one leg down the racecourse.
Kids hope for one more snow day.
Kids horse around.
Kids huddle in the corner.
Kids hurt animals.
Kids ice the cookies and decorate to their liking.
Kids illustrate facts about ozone depletion by drawing cartoons.
Kids imitate adult actions and behaviors.
Kids imitate their parents.
Kids imitate what they see and hear.
Kids imitate wrestling.
Kids improve health.
Kids includes fun for all ages.
Kids inevitably become a chip off the old block in many ways.
Kids inherit traits from their parents.
Kids initiate more work.
Kids inspire athletes.
Kids insult each other all the time.
Kids interact with a space creature looking for better garbage disposal methods.
Kids interact with favorite characters, building self-esteem and social skills.
Kids interpret lack of time or intimacy as rejection.
Kids interpret things different than adults.
Kids interpret things differently than adults.
Kids intuitively understand that.
Kids invent stories, learn spatial concepts, play matching games, and practice color recognition.
Kids invent their own tall tales.
Kids invent things in their bedrooms.
Kids investigate and evaluate community members' attitudes about community issues.
Kids investigate gases.
Kids investigate greenhouse gases.
Kids investigate how different angles can affect the speed and distance of a ball.
Kids involve in activities.
Kids involved in the program have opinions too.
Kids is a great site to visit.
Kids is a horror movie for people who want to think the worst.
Kids is a national education network bringing schools and communities together for education.
Kids is a program that allows our students to help children who have life-threatening illnesses.
Kids is a wonderful source of information, activities, and links for kids of all ages.
Kids is an easy movie to analyze.
Kids is an educational program for school-age children with cancer and blood diseases.
Kids is an exceptional opportunity for both business partners and students to learn together.
Kids is mainly a writing class for students who are already excellent writers.
Kids is sick.
Kids is strictly for kids.
Kids is too darn slow.
Kids is too dramatically listless, too artfully artless, to be truly offensive.
Kids is very much an attempt to alert people who are out of touch with adolescent behavior today.
Kids join a musical band and tour the U.S. while solving math problems.
Kids join gangs as a replacement for the family.
Kids join gangs because they want to belong to something or they want to do something.
Kids join gangs instead of little league teams.
Kids join in an attempt to obtain safety from the violence.
Kids join in the singing, while their parents sip lattes and chat with neighbors.
Kids join in the sleuthing adventure, gathering items for the trap.
Kids join the organization by wanting to be a part of it.
Kids join to belong.
Kids joining blended families often have feelings of alienation and long for their old family.
Kids judge, based on behavior.
Kids jump up and down, dancing about when they hear our music.
Kids just access the child-appropriate stuff on the computer as well as on the Web.
Kids just assume that their design just is.
Kids just can t get a break, no matter how responsible.
Kids just enjoy being together.
Kids just find a way past it.
Kids just get mad and wait it out, and then go out again.
Kids just get on the computer and start playing.
Kids just go ape over that one.
Kids just hangin out all day, playin and huntin .
Kids just happen to know what it means.
Kids just have a real eye-opener.
Kids just have a very low opinion of life.
Kids just have such a great outlook on life, it really puts everything in perspective.
Kids just have to find things out for themselves.
Kids just have to listen more.
Kids just have too much TV time as it is.
Kids just hop in and buckle up.
Kids just know they are running a lot and want to stop.
Kids just know.
Kids just laugh when they are asked if music drives kids to commit acts of violence.
Kids just love the cheese dosas.
Kids just love touching the soft, fuzzy leaves.
Kids just respond to economic incentives too.
Kids just rub their hands on the mesh to lather up.
Kids just say the funniest things sometimes.
Kids just see too much violence.
Kids just speak their minds.
Kids just stand up to the ball and go at it.
Kids just take for granted their name.
Kids keep a reading log where they note the time they spend reading each day.
Kids keep coming out and wanting to see.
Kids keep coming out for basketball.
Kids keep coming to sign a memorial at the house.
Kids keep killing kids with their parents' guns.
Kids keep lots of good things in their pockets.
Kids keep on using facility, practicing, having fun, even some homework usage developing.
Kids keep the balloons in the air until the music stops, then freeze with their balloon when off.
Kids keep the same counselor for three years.
Kids keep their eyes pealed toward the candy.
Kids kill because they see no other way to fight for themselves, and it's a shame.
Kids kill kids cause of anger and stress.
Kids kill kids over dice.
Kids kill other kids just to see what it is like.
Kids killing kids is just a sign of the times.
Kids killing other kids is a problem with our societal norms.
Kids kiss adults ' hands .
Kids kiss adults' hands.
Kids kneel on a chair and drop pieces of candy corn, one at a time, into a glass on the floor.
Kids knock down mailboxes.
Kids know a lot of things, and they care about a lot of things.
Kids know adult secrets.
Kids know better than anybody else what's going on.
Kids know each other s ages, and usually think their mother is young and their father is old.
Kids know each other s ages, think their mother is young and their father is old.
Kids know exactly what they want.
Kids know how to act.
Kids know how to emulate their parents.
Kids know how to get what they want.
Kids know how to have it.
Kids know how to have tremendous fun with tremendously simple things.
Laptops lead to more student writing and to writing of higher quality.
Laptops make document files and applications mobile.
Laptops make great cutting boards.
Laptops make the whole process more personal.
Laptops mean mobility and saved desk space, which is often at a premium.
Laptops mean no new furniture expenses, space requirements, cabling or electrical needs.
Laptops now feature almost all the power of desktops.
Laptops offer different benefits from desktop computers, but they also have some special needs.
Laptops offer greater flexibility allowing a student to work anywhere on campus, abroad or at home.
Laptops offer many advantages over labs and classrooms of desktop machines.
Laptops offers significant advantages for a student.
Laptops pack as much power as last year's fastest PCs.
Laptops promote hands-on learning, making information easier to learn and remember.
Laptops provide added organizational and skill benefits.
Laptops provide Internet access through a wireless network connection or an ethernet connection.
Laptops provide more flexibility for daily computer use.
Laptops provide more services and more flexibility.
Laptops provide other advantages.
Laptops provide ready access to Internet resources, even in the field, using wireless remote access.
Laptops remain with faculty participants at the end of program period.
Laptops require batteries, and batteries require charging.
Laptops require special network adapters.
Laptops snap onto the center cd hub and read data from the center outward.
Laptops still cost more than desktop units, but they have closed some of the gap.
Laptops still require a written justification for purchase.
Laptops suck for a few reasons.
Laptops take a lot of abuse because they are constantly being handled and moved.
Laptops take up less space.
Laptops travel with students from classroom to dorm room and beyond.
Laptops typically come with the necessary files installed on the hard drive.
Laptops typically cost more than their larger counterparts.
Laptops typically do.
Laptops typically have no choice but parallel either.
Laptops use a PC Card version and can roam freely throughout the house and even into the yard.
Laptops use fleas instead of grasshoppers, and tiny red ants.
Laptops use significantly less energy than desktop computers.
Laptops use significantly less energy than desktop models.
Laptops use significantly less energy than desktops.
Laptops use significantly less energy than typical desktop models.
Laptops vary in screen size.
Laptops work best in a classroom large enough to accommodate such activities.
Laptops always welcome.
Laptops often require a special function key to be pressed to output to an external video source.
Laptops often use specialized hardware, hence finding a driver can be more difficult.
Laptops often use trackballs and touch pads to save space.
Laptops sometimes use cards that look like small floppies.
Laptops usually have a flat screen and LCD display, and are powered by a rechargeable battery.
All laptops are due back one hour before the library closes.
All laptops come with the operating system and desktop applications preloaded by the manufacturer.
All laptops go to the network.
All laptops have wireless access to the Internet.
All laptops travel in individual foam protected slots.
Many laptops have a hardware volume control.
Many laptops have a small trackball beneath the keyboard.
Many laptops have larger hard drives bigger is better.
Many laptops have the antenna built into the lid, and the card installed internally.
Many laptops now come equipped with such security devices as standard equipment.
Many laptops offered for sale as used machines are actually stolen machines.
Many laptops require workarounds that can be frustrating to both experienced and novice users alike.
Many laptops still have legacy VGA ports.
More laptops are lost to theft than damage, so camouflage is a wise too.
Most laptops already have adequate file transfer programs built-in.
Most laptops also come with a file syncing program.
Most laptops are that way.
Most laptops can stay suspended, using battery power alone, for several days.
Most laptops come with a slot that allows a lock to be inserted.
Most laptops dissipate heat through the bottom.
Most laptops have batteries.
Most laptops have parallel ports.
Most laptops have ports.
Most laptops have software.
Most laptops have two slots on the side where an ethernet card or modem card can be inserted.
Most laptops now have a square hole to accept the lock molded into their cases.
Most laptops only have a single serial port.
Most laptops provide one.
Most laptops pump video out through the LCD panel or an external monitor.
Most laptops run on for approximately two hours.
Most laptops weigh substantially more.
Most laptops work flawlessly with most LCD panels and projectors.
Some laptops come with a special adapter that links the laptop to the network cable.
Some laptops come with an optional wireless card.
Some laptops come with ethernet built-in.
Some laptops come with video outputs.
Some laptops have a tiny mechanical switch that turns the screen off when the lid is folded down.
Some laptops have power down functions.
Some laptops have special key combinations that bring one into a setup or configuration utility.
Some laptops have well-known issues.
Some laptops require special consideration.
Some laptops turn off ports to conserve energy.
Some laptops use SIMMs, some DIMMs, and many use proprietary memory cards.
Some laptops use SIMMs, some DIMMs, but most use proprietary memory cards.
Most laptops bags advertise their contents, placing the wearer in danger of theft.
A lapwing is a plover
Lapwings are shorebirds .
Lapwings are shorebirds.
Lapwings provide complex migratory patterns.
Lapworth locks are easy enough and in a very pleasant environment.
Larcenies dont have to be reported.
Larcenies occur when items are left unattended.
Larceny can be anything from shoplifting to theft from cars, etc.
Larceny is a felony
Larceny is a lesser included offense of armed robbery.
Larceny is born of want and opportunity.
Larceny is defined as theft.
Larceny is felonies.
Larceny is legal term for wrongful taking of property.
Larceny is probably the most common criminal offense.
Larceny is the legal term for stealing.
Larceny is used when talking about stealing someone's property in regards to the law.
Larceny leaps off a balcony.
Larceny never uses the trapping version of the tagged add instruction.
Larch canker can kill both mature and immature trees.
Larch forests claim the thin, waterlogged substrate in level areas underlain with permafrost.
Larch logs are sawn into fencing and packaging products.
Larch needles are short and delicate, in fascicles of many leaves each.
Larch wood is very valuable because it is resistant and it grows quickly .
Larch wood is very valuable because it is resistant and it grows quickly.
A larch is wood
Larches are one example of a coniferous tree found in some of the coldest regions.
Larches are perhaps deciduous so they can be other than spire-shaped and still shed winter snow.
Larches are the only deciduous conifers.
Larches are unique in that although they are conifers, they shed all their needles in the autumn.
Larches differ from most other conifers because they are deciduous.
Larches dominant the taiga biome, usually in Canada and Russia.
Larches grown in woodlands have much shorter crowns.
Larches lose their leaves in the fall.
Larches work the same way.
Larchs are conifers.
Larchs are wood.
Lard is edible fat
Lard tastes really great, With peanut butter and beef.
LARDs contain long LTRs and a long, conserved internal domain that shows no protein coding capacity.
Larder isa food.
Larder isa nutrient.
Large accessories can create drama and interest.
All large accommodations are fully air-conditioned.
Large accounts are a mixed blessing.
Large accounts consume large chunks of available time.
Large acreages are in brush, reverting to woodland.
Large acreages owned by industry operators in developed areas naturally attract wildlife.
Large ads draw more readers than small ads.
Large addition including a boat building shop is under construction.
Large adenoid causes nasal block, snoring and sometimes otitis media witheffusion.
Large adenoids can cause nasal obstruction and be associated with glue ear.
Large adenoids can contribute to ear infections.
Large adenoids can impair nose breathing and require a child to breathe through the mouth.
Large adenoids can lead to blockage of sinus drainage and sinus disease.
Large adenoids can press on the Eustachian tubes interfering with their proper function.
Large adenoids cause nasal obstruction.
Large adenomas have a greater malignant potential than small adenomas.
Large adults are mostly piscivorous, and efficient predators of small fish.
Large adults are somber-colored.
Large adults can inflict a painful bite.
Large adults can stay underwater for over an hour without breathing.
Large adults eat fish.
Large adults feed frequently, often diving during high tide.
Large adults have few predators other than humans.
Large adults have few, if any, predators other than man.
Large adults have jaws.
Large adults have powerful jaws.
Large adults have predators.
Large adults have reddish-oragne anal and tail fin.
Large adults take care to stay near the trunk of trees when climbing.
Large adults take care.
Most large adults eat fish.
Most large adults have jaws.
Most large adults have powerful jaws.
Most large adults have predators.
Most large adults take care.
Some large adults consume fish.
Some large adults consume small fish.
Some large adults push body weight.
Some large adults push own body weight.
Some large adults push weight.
Large advances are nice.
Large advantages exist for corporations in the form of tax-deductible benefit and retirement plans.
Large advertisements are available at discount rates.
Large african antelopes have horns.
Large aftershocks can cause significant damage and loss of life.
Large aftershocks tend to occur sooner rather than later.
Large agencies have the habit of separating copywriters and artists.
Large agencies maintain hundreds of different record systems.
Many large agencies have some level of auditing work.
Most large agencies employ sales associates who specialize in short-term rentals.
Large aggregates increase aeration and improve moisture conditions in the soil.
Large aircraft are the least likely to experience interference from PEDs carried aboard.
Most large airlines have a third pilot in the cockpit who doubles as flight engineer.
Large airports have air traffic controllers that guide aircraft through that pattern.
Many large airports are near or at full capacity.
Most large airports have entire sections of the airport and warehouses for dealing with air cargo.
Most large airports have peak times for arrivals and departures, also known as banks of flights.
Large airspaces give the receptacle a spongy texture.
Large albums are very expensive to ship.
Large ales create the opportunity for many teams to dance and party together.
Large alligators attack animals.
Large alligators bask along the edge of lakes and wetlands.
Some large alligators attack humans.
Some large alligators provide services.
Some large alligators provide vital ecological services.
Large allocations are more convenient to manage.
Large amounts are to be avoided.
Large amounts are toxic.
Large amounts can also cause children's teeth to become brown and mottled.
Large amounts can be fatal.
Large amounts can be fatally poisonous.
Large amounts can be lethal.
Large amounts can cause appetite loss, nausea, and headache.
Large amounts can cause coma and death.
Large amounts can cause gastrointestinal upset, vomiting, abdominal pain.
Large amounts can cause increased blood pressure, nerve damage or cardiovascular disease.
Large amounts can cause restlessness and and insomnia.
Large amounts can kill.
Large amounts can pose health risks of their own.
Large amounts can produce goitre and various forms of thyroid disease.
Large amounts can pull down power lines and tree branches.
Large amounts cause hyperirritability and spasms.
Large amounts have to be taken orally to see biological effects.
Large amounts stimulate central nervous system.
Large amounts taken internally can cause fatal poisoning.
Some large amounts cause problems.
Large amplifiers are capable of drawing large currents.
Large amplitude pulses travel at the same speed as small amplitude pulses.
Large amplitudes occur when the driving force is in phase with the natural vibration of the system.
Most large anemones have a pair of adults that live there permanently.
Large angles cover more area but introduce more perspective.
Large angles produce shuttlecock-like stability.
Large animals abound, and sharks, sea lions, seals and turtles are seen during nearly every dive.
Large animals are an unusual host for fleas.
Large animals are common to the area because of the deep water at the drop-off close by.
Large animals are probably too big to be heterotherms due to the effects of thermal inertia.
Large Animals Being large also has consequences.
Large animals can' t help but be conspicuous.
Large animals come to water.
Large animals deer, elk, moose, antelope, require areas cleared by fire for forage.
Large animals expend energy.
Large animals forage for roots.
Large animals have areas.
Large animals have jaws.
Large animals have low surface areas.
Large animals have surface areas.
Large animals lean and rub themselves on corners and uprights, same principles apply to fencing.
Large animals live longer.
Large animals lose body heat more slowly than small animals.
Large animals mate.
Large animals need food.
Large animals possess structures.
Large animals require food.
Large animals tend to be fairly independent.
Large animals tend to do well, particularly if they are able to get to high ground.
Large animals use blood.
All large animals are dangerous when cornered.
All large animals deserve take good care and treatment.
Many large animals migrate up here for their summer forage.
Most large animals come to water.
Most large animals expend energy.
Most large animals have areas.
Most large animals have jaws.
Most large animals have low surface areas.
Most large animals have surface areas.
Most large animals possess structures.
Most large animals require food.
Most large animals use blood.
Some large animals are more dependent on water and rely on their mobility to reach water sources.
Some large animals can only use large trees for shelter.
Some large animals eat animals.
Some large animals find in grassland.
Some large animals graze on foliage.
Some large animals graze on trees.
Some large animals graze on young trees.
Some large animals have large thermal inertia.
Some large animals have layers.
Some large animals have thermal inertia.
Some large animals kill cats.
Some large animals live entirely on ants and other insects for their survival.
Some large animals prey on mice.
Some large animals take advantage.
Some large animals weigh tons.
Large antelope can survive on lower quality food in times of little rain.
Large antelopes can survive on lower quality food in times of little rain.
Large antelopes have heads.
Large antelopes have horns.
Large antelopes live on the interior plain of Namibia.
Large antelopes rely on vegetation.
Large antelopes survive on food.
Large antelopes survive on lower quality food.
Most large antelopes have heads.
Most large antelopes have horns.
Most large antelopes rely on vegetation.
Most large antelopes survive on food.
Most large antelopes survive on lower quality food.
Some large antelopes have body length.
Some large antelopes have length.
Large aperture can overwhelm some of it's subtle color.
Large aperture makes it more difficult to learn the art of observing.
Large apertures are very expensive.
Large apertures can give inaccurate results in crowded fields.
Large apertures show gleaming points right to the centre.
Large apples tend to mature faster and as a result can be a little mealy.
Large appliances are responsible for a big portion of a household's energy use.
Large appliances includes stove with oven, refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, washer and dryer.
Large applications require equally large, powerful, and costly hardware and operating systems.
Most large applications consist of many smaller programs and data files.
Large aquamarines are relatively common.
Large aquariums sit at the end of some booths.
Large aquatic mammals have tops.
Large arcs appear to indicate the constraint axis.
Large archways lead to the main hall and dramatic staircase.
Large area is needed to accommodate all the students.
Large area requires fewer interconnects and structural members.
Large areas absorb energy.
Large areas are cheaper per acre than small ones.
Large areas are covered with pebbles of varying sizes.
Large areas are desert, or classed as dry lands and getting drier.
Large areas are idle and support seedling birch and pine, bracken fern, and blueberries.
Large areas are idle or in residential developments.
Large areas are in nonfarm uses.
Large areas are in residential developments.
Large areas are left unpainted so that the raw linen acts as both colour and texture.
Large areas are open and flat, but some of the steeper hills are wooded.
Large areas are rich in minerals copper, coal, gold, lead, molybdenum, silver, and zinc.
Large areas are still inaccessible.
Large areas are still to be excavated.
Large areas are still unbricked to allow room to bring in oversized machinery, etc.
Large areas are under fodder grass cultivation.
Large areas consist of lacustrine sand deposits that have flat to gently undulating surfaces.
Large areas consist of large, pleomorphic cells with vesicular nuclei and marginated chromatin.
Large areas consist of pine plantation.
Large areas consist of swamp land and marshes.
Large areas distort due to the earth's curvature.
Large areas have no health services at all.
Large areas have saline-sodic affected soils.
Large areas pose more challenging problems.
Large areas show bare aluminum.
Large areas take places.
Most large areas absorb energy.
Most large areas take places.
Some large areas influence lake effect snowstorms.
Some large areas influence snowstorms.
Large arrangements require all of a florist's talents.
Large arrays can also cause problems.
Large arrows indicate directions of major tectonic displacement.
Large arrows indicate general plate motion directions.
Large arrows show direction of calculated movement of magnetic pole and equator.
Some large arrows indicate sites.
Large arteries have their own blood supply system, from which the plaque-feeding capillaries arise.
Large asparagus are harvested and sold in uniform sizes according to the diameter of the spears.
Large assortment features approx.
Large atoms give off more energy from fission than they require in order to initiate fission.
Large attachments can bog down recipient's incoming email.
Large attachments can clog the recipient's mailbox.
Large attachments choke bandwidth.
Large attachments slow down the network and waste mail server space.
Large attention is given to influence of antimutagens on reparation processes.
Large attic has potential for development.
Large audiences attract the advertising dollars which keep the newspaper or the station running.
Large audiences have awareness.
Most large audiences have awareness.
Large audits require a lot of planning and execution.
Large augers increase grain flow and small children can be submerged in only seconds.
Large authorities pay more at higher levels.
Large b corresponds to many small crystals, and small b to scattered large porphyroblasts.
Large babies make for more difficult vaginal deliveries.
Large backpacks are more comfortable for the child and offer greater support.
Large backpacks are useful for weekend traveling.
Large backyard has nice wood deck and is fully wood fenced.
Large backyard has room for a pool.
Large backyard is enclosed with a privacy fence.
Large bagels are about three to four bread servings.
Large balances can build up quickly.
Large balconies overlook either the water or gardens.
Large balcony overlooks sea and beaches.
Large balcony wraps around three sides of home.
Large bales can be a difficult to handle when being fed in confined areas other than open feedlots.
Large ball catches any type of plunger.
Large balls are fun to roll around.
Large ballroom has Moorish influence.
Large banks are far more complex institutions.
Large banks are less responsive to the needs of households.
Large banks can enter an appealing market through a strong community bank.
Large banks consider small-time customers to be a loosing proposition.
Large banks have more aggressive plans to offer business Internet banking services.
Large banks like to do business with large corporations.
Large banks merge to form even larger mega-banks.
Large banks require higher minimum balances to avoid fees.
Large banks say advisory services are down and merger activities slowed.
Many large banks are dealers and market makers for government obligations.
Many large banks have branches everywhere.
Most large banks have their own compliance departments.
Large banners are available for interstate pages.
Large banners are out.
Large banquettes line the walls, ideal for watching the action on the busy dance floor.
Large barbecues are on hand.
Large barges are available and there is a research station on the lake shores.
Large barrel reverses into squirrel food.
Large barrettes Use the hot glue gun to stick the larger beads on the big barrettes.
Large base allows plenty of room for engraving special event, achievement or monogram.
Large basement adds to the possibilities.
Large basket accepts unpeeled cloves.
Large bass are like whitetail deer.
Large bass grow huge in stages.
Leaves are oval, unifoliate, and borne on short petioles along the entire stem.
Leaves are oval,rubbery and generic.
Leaves are oval.
Leaves are ovate and come to a pronounced point.
Leaves are ovate to elliptical with large petioles.
Leaves are ovate to lanceolate in shape with slightly toothed margins.
Leaves are ovate, alternate, and entire or lobed.
Leaves are ovate, smooth to wavy-edged and tapered to the tip.
Leaves are pale frosty green.
Leaves are pale green above and light to greyish green below.
Leaves are pale green or yellowish.
Leaves are pale green, alternate, narrow, and pointed at both ends.
Leaves are pale green, deeply lobed and covered with fine soft hairs.
Leaves are pale yellow-green at any stage of development.
Leaves are pale, distorted, and very narrow with some interveinal yellowing on older leaves.
Leaves are pale, tend to wilt, and drop early.
Leaves are palmately compound and sometimes spiny at the base.
Leaves are palmately compound, usually having five leaflets.
Leaves are pastel green.
Leaves are permission.
Leaves are pinnate and occasionally end in a rudimentary tendril.
Leaves are pinnate ending in a very small tendril.
Leaves are pinnate with one to five pairs of leaflets.
Leaves are pinnate, dark green and somewhat leathery.
Leaves are pinnately compound, alternate, and linear with entire margins.
Leaves are poisonous at all times, even when they are dry.
Leaves are poisonous to livestock and humans.
Leaves are present only at the seedling stage but thereafter are replaced by spines or scales.
Leaves are pretty bright green for now.
Leaves are produced at the apical meristem .
Leaves are prominently three-veined.
Leaves are pubescent and ovate.
Leaves are quite velvety on their undersides but rough hairy above.
Leaves are rather short and broad.
Leaves are rather sparse.
Leaves are readily available in the fall.
Leaves are ready for harvest when four inches long, usually four to six weeks after sowing.
Leaves are ready to harvest six to eight weeks from time of sowing.
Leaves are red underneath.
Leaves are red when unfolding and later become bluish-green above and paler and smooth beneath.
Leaves are red when unfolding, then become bluish-green.
Leaves are reddish when young, and become dark green above, light green below.
Leaves are reduced or modified into spines to prevent the loss of water from their surface.
Leaves are relatively broad, bave numerous but small stomata, and are covered with a waxy bloom.
Leaves are relatively large, elliptic with acute tips, petioled, and strongly veined.
Leaves are relatively small, narrow and arrow-shaped.
Leaves are reniform and emarginate.
Leaves are responsible for photosynthesis.
Leaves are rich green with the underside of the new growth having a rusty or bronze sheen.
Leaves are rich in carbon, minerals and fibre.
Leaves are rich in iron and are supposed to prevent miscarriage.
Leaves are rigid and pungent when crushed.
Leaves are rough and large.
Leaves are round and hollow.
Leaves are round and stem-like, with a unique corkscrew spiral all the way up to the tip.
Leaves are round to oval, green with red-purple veins and short leaf stalks.
Leaves are round with long petiole and rounded serrations.
Leaves are scale like to needle like.
Leaves are scale-like, overlapping, completely covering stems.
Leaves are sessile and clasp the stem a little.
Leaves are sessile.
Leaves are shiny and droopy with rusty hair below.
Leaves are shiny and glossy, attractive even with no spaths.
Leaves are shiny dark green above and light green below.
Leaves are shiny deep green, and the fall flowers dangle in white pendants.
Leaves are shiny green and flowers are inconspicuous in the spring.
Leaves are shiny in appearance.
Leaves are short and broad with hairs on both sides.
Leaves are short petioled and form a tight mound of well-spotted foliage.
Leaves are silvery beneath and tomentose or fuzzy.
Leaves are silvery, white.
Leaves are silvery-green and branches slightly thorny.
Leaves are similar to costus barbatus.
Leaves are similar to diffuse knapweed.
Leaves are simple and elm like in the summer.
Leaves are simple and fragrant.
Leaves are simple and narrowly elliptical to oblong.
Leaves are simple and narrowly elliptical, have a characteristic of five veined leaf blade.
Leaves are simple and placed alternately on the stem.
Leaves are simple and small.
Leaves are simple and triangular shaped, slightly cordate, sharply acuminate.
Leaves are simple but deeply lobed.
Leaves are simple having petiole.
Leaves are simple or compound with lobed, parted, or undivided leaf blades.
Leaves are simple or compound.
Leaves are simple, alternate and deciduous with irregular small, rounded lobes and pubescence below.
Leaves are simple, alternate and entire, or toothed near the apex.
Leaves are simple, alternate, and entire.
Leaves are simple, alternate, and narrowly elliptical.
Leaves are simple, alternate, and shallowly to deeply lobed.
Leaves are simple, alternate, elongated and a pointed apex.
Leaves are simple, ashy green on top and slightly yellowish beneath, later they become much darker.
Leaves are simple, bright, oval or elliptical and dark green in colour.
Leaves are simple, broad, oval and variable in breadth.
Leaves are simple, large, and leathery.
Leaves are simple, longer than they are wide, gray green in color.
Leaves are simple, opposite and oval to oblong in shape.
Leaves are simple, shiny, opposite in arrangement and inverted-egg shaped.
Leaves are simple.
Leaves are single but arranged in false whorls and are deciduous in one year.
Leaves are single but arranged in false whorls and persist for several years.
Leaves are single or double serrated on the edges.
Leaves are singles.
Leaves are situated on fronds.
Leaves are skeletonized as larvae increase in size.
Leaves are slender and nearly as long as the stems and highly palatable to livestock.
Leaves are slender, smooth, and have crinkled edges with spiny margins.
Leaves are slightly longer then they are wide.
Leaves are slightly pubescent above and white tomentose below.
Leaves are small and fuzzy with a sweet, clove-like fragrance.
Leaves are small and grey-green.
Leaves are small and narrow.
Leaves are small and roots stunted.
Leaves are small and scale-like.
Leaves are small and sparse and their color is a dull pale green.
Leaves are Small and spiny shaped.
Leaves are small rounded with white veins.
Leaves are small triangular flaps arranged alternately on the stem.
Leaves are small, obscurely lobed, and have a pine-citrus fragrance.
Leaves are small, opposite, slightly toothed toward the ends.
Leaves are small, pointed and bright green, when rubbed give off a pleasant scent.
Leaves are small, pointed and give off a pleasant scent when rubbed.
Leaves are small, round and bright green.
Leaves are small, thin, perhaps with purple veins.
Leaves are smaller and less divided in the middle and terminal portions of the plant.
Leaves are smaller and more compact.
Leaves are smaller in size and clumped together, so the grass has a stunted appearance.
Leaves are smaller than normal .
Leaves are smaller than normal and few in number.
Leaves are smaller than sweet basil but the same color green.
Leaves are smaller, and growth is slower.
Leaves are smaller, more compact.
Leaves are smoky-white centred with green edges.
Leaves are smooth and flat, near a half inch wide, elongated, narrow at the base.
Leaves are smooth and glossy, are scented and grow long.
Leaves are smooth and narrowly oval.
Leaves are smooth, dark green, and shiny on the top.
Leaves are smooth, hairless and deeply keeled.
Leaves are smooth.
Leaves are so varied in shape that they, too, can add interest to a boring area.
Leaves are soft and fernlike.
Leaves are soft and hairy beneath.
Leaves are softly hairy.
Leaves are solid green.
Leaves are sometimes opposite near the base and alternate towards the apex.
Leaves are somewhat shiny but are also lightly hirsute.
Leaves are sparse in number.
Leaves are spear-like and whirled around the stem.
Leaves are spear-like and whorled around the stem.
Leaves are spine tipped, and concave or flat on upper surface.
Leaves are spotted a dark green to brown and drop early.
Leaves are star-shaped, about as broad as they are long, and are borne alternately on the twigs.
Leaves are still green, although it is mid-winter.
Leaves are stomatiferous above and below.
Leaves are straight in the bottom half, but twist and spiral in the top half.
Leaves are straplike, to three feet long.
Leaves are strap-shapes and covered with wax.
Leaves are strikingly like living, painted boat sails.
Leaves are stunted and pale green or yellowish between the veins.
Leaves are stunted.
Leaves are succulent and of various shapes.
Leaves are susceptible for only a few days after emergence.
Leaves are susceptible for only a few days after they emerge.
Leaves are susceptible from bud break until they reach maturity.
Leaves are susceptible once they are fully expanded and remain susceptible throughout their life.
Leaves are susceptible to infection when young but become resistant as they age.
Leaves are susceptible to leaf spot.
Leaves are susceptible to powdery mildew.
Leaves are sword-shaped, and the plant grows in clumps.
Leaves are teal and avocado green.
Leaves are teal blue.
Leaves are tender in spring, with fewer aromatic oils.
Leaves are textured, light green color bordered with brown, tipped with a red edge.
Leaves are the best year-round source of protein in the rain forest.
Leaves are the cat's meow in a salad when eaten young, either raw or steamed.
Leaves are the convex volumes that nodes carve the world into.
Leaves are the easiest way to tell trees apart.
Leaves are the flat appendages of the stem where photosynthesis occurs.
Leaves are the food factories of a tree.
Leaves are the food factories of plants.
Leaves are the food factories of the plant.
Leaves are the food making factories of green plants.
Leaves are the food of choice for some monkey species.
Leaves are the food-manufacturing organs of the tree.
Leaves are the green food-making parts of the plant.
Leaves are the individual members.
Leaves are the main organs of photosynthesis and transpiration.
Leaves are the main organs that carry out photosynthesis.
Leaves are the main sites of energy production for the plant.
Leaves are the main sites of photosynthesis.
Leaves are the major source in most species.
Leaves are the most common place to see mildew.
Leaves are the most difficult problem because they turn to mush and flow through the pump strainers.
Leaves are the most frequently affected plant part.
Leaves are the most obvious part of typical plants.
Leaves are the most stunning color in autumn.
Leaves are the most valuable part of the hay since they have the highest quality.
Leaves are the only plant part affected.
Leaves are the part of the crown of a tree.
Leaves are the powerhouses of the plants where sunlight energy is transformed into plant energy.
Leaves Are the primary photosynthetic organs of a plant.
Leaves are the primary sink for movement of water because of water loss through transpiration.
Leaves are the primary site of photosynthisis in most plants.
Leaves are the principal appendage borne by the stem.
Leaves are the site of the food making process called photosynthesis .
Leaves are the site of the food making process called photosynthesis.
Leaves are the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Leaves are the sites of photosynthesis.
Leaves are the usual site of photosynthesis in the plant.
Leaves are thick and dark green in colour, veins are white.
Leaves are thick and fleshy, light green and wedge-shaped.
Leaves are thick and leathery.
Leaves are thick and rounded.
Leaves are thick and wedge-shaped.
Leaves are thick and woolly and therefore unplalatable to livestock.
Leaves are thick texture and arranged in a compact whorl around it's cane, similar to a rose.
Leaves are thick, curled and brittle.
Leaves are thick, fleshy and glabrous.
Leaves are thick, small and hide-like.
Leaves are thick, smaller, and more lobed to protect the leaf from higher temps.
Leaves are thick, smooth, rich green on top with deep red underneath.
Leaves are thick, succulent, smooth and shiny.
Leaves are thick-textured, very crinkled and dark green in color.
Leaves are thin and oblong.
Leaves are thin and taper into pointed tips.
Leaves are thin to allow maximum sunlight penetration.
Leaves are thin, broad in middle, dark green and of variable shape and measurement.
Leaves are thin, papery and rough above, and paler and hairy along the veins underneath.
Leaves are thinner, crisper, and milder than common green cabbage.
Leaves are tiny and velvety on trailing stems.
Leaves are tonic and loved by cats.
Leaves are toothed at the edges.
Leaves are toothless.
Leaves are tough and traps in between a spathulata and veitchii.
Leaves are tough, oblong and dull green in colour.
Leaves are toxic.
Leaves are triangular in shape and lobed.
Leaves are triangular shaped with three prominent veins and serrated margins.
Leaves are trifoliate and spirally arranged on the stem.
Leaves are tri-foliate, leaflets being comparatively broader, hairy and usually trilobed.
Leaves are trifoliate.
Leaves are tripartite.
Leaves are turned into spines to prevent loss of water.
Leaves are twice pinnate, resembling parsley.
Leaves are two to four inches long.
Leaves are two to three inches long.
Leaves are typical of dogwoods, with distinct veins running towards the tip.
Leaves are typically hairy underneath, especially along the midrib but can be entirely smooth.
Leaves are typically strongly canaliculate.
Leaves are uniformly narrow from base to tip.
Leaves are unspotted and compact.
Leaves are up to a foot long and are clustered at branch tips.
Leaves are up to two feet long.
Leaves are upright.
Leaves are used as a fomentation.
Leaves are used by healers when exorcizing spirits.
Leaves are usually alternate.
Leaves are usually at least partially deciduous by fall.
Leaves are usually broad and flat.
Leaves are usually broad and rounded to wedge shaped at the base.
Leaves are usually dark green and moderately stiff.
Leaves are usually entire but are sometimes three-lobed on vigorous plants.
Leaves are usually green, but there are some cultivars available with white variegation.
Leaves are usually greyish-green.
Leaves are usually hairless and bright green.
Leaves are usually hairy and arranged in opposite pairs .
Leaves are usually large and broad.
Leaves are usually narrow and wedge-shaped at the base.
Leaves are usually needle-like, but can also show a broad flat shape.
Leaves are usually of a leather-like texture.
Leaves are usually opposite, simple, or more often pinnatified or pinnate.
Leaves are usually opposite, up to four inches long, and extremely variable in shape.
Leaves are usually shiny, dark green on the upper surface and pale green on the lower surface.
Leaves are usually short, stiff, erect and more narrow than normal.
Leaves are usually somewhat clustered at the end of the twigs and borne erect.
Leaves are usually square or nearly heart-shaped at the base.
Leaves are usually warm to the touch.
Leaves are usually yellow and small, and the tree lacks vigor.
Leaves are usually yellow- ish, later brown, at the margins and between the veins.
Leaves are variable but are most often somewhat kite-shaped.
Leaves are variable in shape and size.
Leaves are variable, depending on the species.
Leaves are variable.
Leaves are variegated and come in many variations of green, pink, and white.
Leaves are very dark green, very tight, heavy and curled.
Leaves are very deeply dissected and light green with creamy, marbled variegation.
Leaves are very diverse in their shape and form and in their arrangement on the plant stem.
Leaves are very flimsy.
Leaves are very large and compound.
Leaves are very large and dark green.
Leaves are very long and linear.
Leaves are very long and thin and have two to four teeth at the tip.
Leaves are very narrow.
Leaves are very peppery.
Leaves are very shiny and dark green.
Leaves are very small or non existent.
Leaves are very small, thin and numerous.
Leaves are wavy at the edges .
Leaves are wavy lobed, and, as the plant matures, the lobes become triangular-shaped.
Leaves are waxy and pale green with few hairs.
Leaves are waxy and stiff.
Leaves are wedge-shaped and taper toward the base, and are thick, fleshy, and glabrous.
Leaves are well above the water.
Leaves are well adapted to their environment.
Leaves are whit beneath and quiver in the wind.
Leaves are white-woolly beneath.
Leaves are whitish and hairy beneath.
Leaves are whitish underneath and frequently insect damaged.
Leaves are wide and dull green with top of the leaf blade facing up.
Leaves are wide at the base and taper distinctly to the tip.
Leaves are wide but thin to collect the maximum amount of sunlight at minimal metabolic cost.
Leaves are wide, shiny, and dark green in color.
Leaves are wider, thinner, and more surface area to capture more sunlight.
Leaves are without stalks are shiny deep green and are deeply toothed.
Leaves are without translucent borders.
Leaves are xerophytic with a thick cuticle, sunken stomata.
Leaves are yellow green with red veining or zones.
Leaves are yellow green.
Leaves are yellow to reddish in fall.
Leaves are yellow, and grow faster than non-yellow leaves.
Leaves are yellow, stippled and dirty.
Leaves are yellow-green and palmate with spiny stems.
Leaves are yellow-green but have no fall color.
Leaves are yellow-green, with black dots on the underside.
Leaves are yellowish between the veins.
Leaves arise from all sides of branch.
Leaves arise from branch mostly in one plane.
Leaves arise from the differentiation of cells at the shoot apical meristem.
Leaves arise on opposite sides of the main shoot or stem.
Leaves arise scattered along the rhizome and are lax or drooping.
Leaves assume a reddish tint in winter when grown in full sun.
Leaves attract, capture, digest prey Passive trap in pitcher plant.
Leaves be yummy.
Leaves become a striking coral-red in summer.
Leaves become brown, dry and brittle.
Leaves become dry and have a full bronze sheen.
Leaves become dry, brittle, and ragged.
Leaves become dwarfed, yellow and misshapen.
Leaves become increasingly mottled until the green areas disappear and the leaves die.
Leaves become more yellow in the sun.
Leaves become mottled and white in appearance.
Leaves become necrotic with or without wedge-shaped sections.
Leaves become puckered, cup downward.
Leaves become puffy and the tissue is thickened, puckered and brittle.
Leaves become red and deformed.
Leaves become red in cold weather.
Leaves become smaller and thorns or spines more frequent.
Leaves become smaller toward the top of the shoot and have smooth margins.
Leaves become speckled and pale.
Leaves become tendril-like and enations form on abaxial leaf surfaces.
Leaves become thickened and brittle.
Leaves become white, stippled in spots.
Leaves become wrinkled and plants are unthrifty.
Leaves become yellow and distorted and drop off.
Leaves become yellow or brownish red.
Leaves become yellow then brown, and wilt downward two to four weeks after initial infection.
Leaves become yellow, white or brown, and then crinkle and die.
Leaves begin dark green and age to purple.
Leaves begin to dry, turn brown, and become crisp.
Leaves begin to twist spirally.
Leaves bipinnate or tripinnate.
Leaves bipinnate, sensitive to touch.
Leaves Blades about in.
Leaves blend a sweet, grassy taste with a hint of licorice.
Leaves blow in the wind.
Leaves blow off float down twirl slow up turn And move out into the main stream at high speed.
Leaves blown through the scene can help tell the story.
Leaves boiled in water, the extract is given orally to nursing mothers to hasten lactation.
Leaves breathe in carbon dioxide and breathe out oxygen.
Leaves bronzy green on top, underside olive green.
Leaves bronzy when young.
Leaves brought to the colony are clipped into small pieces and chewed into a soft pulp.
Leaves burn in the sun like suns.
Leaves can actually contribute a high percentage of the howler diets.
Leaves can also form new plants, when mitosis at meristems along leaf margins takes place.
Leaves can appear to be strap-shaped and spindly.
Leaves can be a mulch.
Leaves can be arrow, lance, or grass-like.
Leaves can be as much as nine feet across, even in Britain.
Leaves can be dark green or somewhat lighter.
Leaves can be either simple or compound.
Leaves can be from four inches to two feet long.
Leaves can be many shapes from round to heart-shaped to oblong.
Leaves can be oblanceolate, narrow elliptic, or ovate.
Leaves can be simple .
Leaves can be slippery.
Leaves can be smooth or hairy, shiny or dull.
Leaves can be soft or hard, even hairy.
Leaves can be soft, prickly, hairy, and hard.
Leaves can be very big , over in length .
Leaves can become yellow and brown and drop prematurely.
Leaves can choke, even plastic plants.
Leaves can consist of a single blade or can be divided into two or more blades.
Leaves can create a problem in the winter.
Leaves can grow quickly.
Leaves can have a wedge-shaped necrotic area which is confined between leaf veins.
Leaves can have an laxative effect if eaten in large amounts.
Leaves can have different arrangements on a stem.
Leaves can have shallow indentations or deeper indentations, forming lobes.
Leaves can keep animals warm.
Life tables are a tool used to summarize patterns of births and deaths.
Most life table analyses reveal patterns.
Life tenancies are ineligible for the program.
A life tenant is a tenant
Life tenant can also have vested remainder.
Life terms can indeed institutionalize incompetence, but so does the current system.
Life today can be difficult.
Life today can be pretty hard out there for young people.
Life today can be wild and crazy.
Life today demands constant learning and improvement.
Life today involves standing in line to get a lot of needed service.
Life today is at an ever increasing fast pace.
Life today is busy and financial life is too complex.
Life today is characterized by a very specific set of biochemicals.
Life today is cheap.
Life today is complicated.
Life today is different.
Life today is difficult and demanding.
Life today is difficult, no doubt about it.
Life today is filled with empty noise.
Life today is full of pressure and stress.
Life today is hectic with schedules, work demands, family matters and whatnot.
Life today is increasingly hectic.
Life today is more complicated than it used to be.
Life today is more complicated than it was back in the toga gardens of Greece.
Life today is no less complicated or demanding.
Life today is obviously much different, and broadcast coverage of trials is required.
Life today is often complex and exhausting.
Life today is pretty juicy.
Life today is something of a race, with a lot of passing the baton back and forth.
Life today is very different to that of only a few years ago.
Life today moves so fast that it's difficult to slow down in order to analyze it.
A life vest is a flotation device
Life vests are available at no charge.
Life vests are mandatory for paddlers and other floaters.
Life vests are the only gear required in both summer and winter.
Life vests can save a child's life anywhere, so be smart and be safe around the water.
Life writing is a creative and empowering adventure.
Life zones are therefore de- fined sharply in some places and feebly in others.
Life abides in controlled symmetry.
Life aboard is a continual switch from one age to the other.
Life aboard is luxurious, civilized, and unhurried.
Life aboard is relaxed and informal.
Life abounds in the pond.
Life abounds with numerous teachers.
Life abounds within the canyon, in the Colorado River, and even along the rims.
Life abroad can be lonely, and prostitutes tempting.
Life abroad presents challenges.
Life acquires meaning only as it is shared.
Life actually becomes somewhat pleasant.
Life actually has three steps.
Life addresses Life and is felt and answered.
Life adds a fairy-tale gloss to real prison life.
Life adds a variety of colours and edges to it.
Life adds information to raw materials.
Life adjusts to the environment according to the needs of survival.
Life affects environment, environment affects life.
Life affects environments.
Life affirming beliefs, intentions and practices are fundamental to wellness.
Life affirming messages help heal the body.
Life affords no greater pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties.
Life again has meaning, and everything again has purpose.
Life again has possibilities.
Life again holds promise of great adventures.
Life again is good.
Life ahead begins to look bleak.
Life allows for both continuity and discontinuity.
Life allows for compromise, with compassion and understanding.
Life allows people to feel, look and listen.
Life alone can be dreadful.
Life alone can beget life.
Life already has far too many gimmicks.
Life also calls for environmental parts such as food, air, water and warmth.
Life also forces many other people to bank on a sudden windfall.
Life also has a way of evening things out over the long-haul.
Life also has links to poetry and to a site devoted to everyday heroes.
Life also has to be fun.
Life also involves the concentration of molecules, also resulting in less randomness in the system.
Life also is good for tall passengers in the second row.
Life also needs an atmosphere.
Life also offers daily opportunities for engaging in noble and worthy goals and aspirations.
Life also requires a hospitable climate and atmosphere.
Life also requires water.
Life also says chiropractors got a bad deal on paying back the loans.
Life also tends to become very difficult for involved youth without their fellow gang members.
Life alters experience.
Life amour with from vibrators.
Life annuities with refund provisions .
Life appears dismal and dark.
Life appears on the following albums.
Life appears on the surface of the Earth.
Life appears to be getting back to normal around here.
Life appears to be heading toward a dead end . . . .
Life appears to be heading towards a dead end.
Life appears to be made out of the very ordinary materials of tyhe universe.
Life appears to be manageable.
Life appears to be nothing but involvement.
Life appears to be out of control.
Life appears to be out of synch, and nothing seems to be going right.
Life appears to be too precious to destroy.
Life appears to be withdrawing.
Life appears to contradict the second law of thermodynamics.
Life appears to cope with pressure effects on biomolecules in two ways.
Life appears to go on.
Life appears to precious to destroy.
Life approach Italy at an stable near many struggle.
Life approve near whatever buyers both clothe easy fill in.
Life are available online.
Life arises from that inner source and spreads into the sky outside.
Life assumes a meaning then, and only then, when the soul enters into the possiblity of new art.
Life attracts go-getters, hard workers, connectors, contributors, team players, and stars.
Life avoid among a favorite if report table tennis equipment.
Life bake off an meal consequently melt tropical fish.
Life balances out.
Life basically has meaning because it is a finite, limited entity.
Life basically sucks.
Life batters it.
Life be in it - families using libraries'.
Life Be In It.
Life beams with fresh and lasting joy.
Life bears no guarantees.
Life beckons the child to play in the world.
Life become brighter.
Life become more complicated and our trips to Mexico dwindled and became more sporadic.
Life becomes a big game of energy shifting, burning, dissapating, intensifying.
Life becomes a canvas for the joyous expression of the soul.
Life becomes a cheap, expendable commodity.
Life becomes a dreary routine of duty and marriage a bondage.
Life becomes a journey that is a joy to experience.
Life becomes a joy with a friend who is trustworthy and caring.
Life becomes a jumbled jigsaw puzzle.
Life becomes a little easier to tolerate.
Life becomes a lot more fun at that point.
Life becomes a means of survival.
Life becomes a pleasure.
Life becomes a rare and unprescedented opportunity to feel blissful and be more successful.
Life becomes a rather thin veneer.
Life becomes a revolving-door search for love in all the wrong places.
Life becomes a rut.
Life becomes a series of unfulfilled expectations.
Life becomes a slow death, the pain and torture continue.
Life becomes a struggle that they intend to win at all costs.
Life becomes a symbolic arena for the acting out of fantasies.
Life becomes a valuable possession.
Life becomes about avoiding becoming the prey of various ghetto forces.
Life becomes an act of faith.
Life becomes an endless cycle of ups and downs.
Life becomes an endless process of delicate negotiation between diverse elements.
Life becomes an endless pursuit of acceptance through performance.
Life becomes an exciting adventure rather than dull and tedious.
Life becomes an uncomfortable maze of distractions and annoyances.
Life becomes an unending compromise.
Life becomes an unsettled blur.
Life becomes bearable again.
Life becomes boring or frightening.
Life becomes both chaotic and deadly deterministic.
Life becomes centeredaround the warm aura of the wood-stove.
Life becomes cheap and values are crushed and twisted.
Life becomes clean, abundant, safe and predictable.
Life becomes coherent and whole again.
Life becomes contagious when it becomes sacrificial.
Life becomes easier and more fun.
Life becomes easier and more pleasant.
Life becomes easier that way.
Life becomes easier, more genuine, a little calmer.
Life becomes easier.
Life becomes easy.
Life becomes empty and hollow.
Life becomes fragmented.
Life becomes fruitful only when it becomes sacrificial.
Life becomes full because death means nothing.
Life becomes full of meaning, magic and purpose.
Life becomes full of possibilities.
Life becomes fuller, more satisfying.
Life becomes good again and manageable.
Life becomes harder.
Life becomes harmonious, but monotonous and dull.
Life becomes increasingly a matter of technique.
Life becomes increasingly easy and effortless.
Life becomes incredibly crowded with homework and part-time jobs.
Life becomes joyful and positive, happy and enlightening.
Life becomes joyful, amusing, generous, and abundant.
Life becomes less interesting, and the dead come to hold our fascination.
Life becomes less threatening.
Life becomes less what they can prove and more what they can do.
Life becomes like a trial with the verdict already known.
Life becomes meaningless.
Life becomes memory.
Life becomes miserable.
Life becomes more complicated.
Life becomes more harmonious, more melodious, more nourishing.
Life becomes more important than death.
Life becomes more interesting and vital, thus the name of the article.
Life becomes more interesting.
Life becomes more like a dance.
Life becomes more like a movie than a trap.
Life becomes more meaningful and optimistic.
Life becomes more precious, and the feel of our children in our arms becomes more dear.
Life becomes more stable as invasions all but cease.
Life becomes much simpler, happier and more manageable as an ex-smoker.
Life becomes mundane, dull, boring.
Life becomes mundane, routine.
Life becomes mythology - mythology becomes life .
Life becomes narrow.
Life becomes new and very serious.
Life becomes nothing but sheer survival.
Life becomes one long diversion.
Life becomes our teacher.
Life becomes phobic and populated with danger at every turn.
Life becomes quiet.
Life becomes radiant.
Life becomes richer.
Life becomes routine.
Life becomes simple and clear in the presence of sounds, silence and the rhythm of nature.
Life becomes simple, but full.
Life becomes too difficult for both the mother and the child.
Life becomes truly an enjoyable experience by exploring just that uniqueness.
Life becomes unpredictable.
Life becomes very busy after high-school or college.
Life becomes very complicated if there are four ERs, but the data are compelling.
Life becomes very difficult.
Life becomes very miserable.
Life becomes victorious.
Life becomes wonderfully possible.
Life begets life and health begets health.
Life begets life as days become weeks preceding the months that become years.
Life begets life.
Life begets meaning.
Life begins - the meeting of the sperm and the egg.
Life begins and ends with a sigh of hope.
Life begins and grows within the darkness of a mother's womb.
Life begins and life ends.
Life begins anew at the cross.
Life begins anew.
Life begins as a fertilized egg.
Life begins assimilating data at the instant of conception which is also the instant of ensoulment.
Life begins at birth in the world.
Life begins at birth.
Life begins at conception and that makes abortion murder.
Life begins at conception and there is no way around that fact.
Life begins at conception is another strong point brought up by pro-life activists.
Life begins at conception when egg and sperm unite.
Life begins at conception, which has been proven.
Life begins at conception.
Life begins at forty.
Life begins at marriage.
Life begins at the begetting.
Life begins at the beginning, conception.
Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward.
Life begins at the Hop.
Life begins at the moment of fertilization.
Life begins at the point of trusting faith.
Life begins at thirty three and a third.
Life begins for humans as one fertilized egg.
Life begins from a single cells of micro-organic bacteria.
Life begins in a natural way, it evolves, and happiness expands.
Life begins in the ocean.
Life begins months before the time of birth.
Life begins nine months earlier at conception when an individual human being comes into existence.
Life begins on earth.
Life begins simple enough.
Life begins simply as a breath of air and ends in the same way.
Life begins the moment there is conception.
Life begins to be a delightful blend of vibrations coming together to achieve a purpose.
Life begins to break down.
Life begins to center around alcohol or drugs.
Life begins to gain some sanity.
Life begins to imitate art and vice verse.
Life begins to modify the atmosphere.
Life begins to reassert itself.
Life begins to stagnate.
Life begins to take on new meaning.
Life begins when life begins.
Life begins when the children have graduated from college and moved out of the house.
Life begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.
Life begins when the kids move out and the dog dies.
Life begins when the last child goes to college and the dog dies.
Life begins when the male and female cells are united.
Life begins when the soul begins.
Life begins when the two become one, death begins when the one becomes two.
Life begins when the wife takes the children and they all leave for vacation.
Life begins when.
Life begins with a birth.
Life begins with a challenge, and everything depends on our response to that challenge.
Life begins with a disk drive.
Life begins with conception and ushers forth in a living baby.
Life begins with dust on crust.
Life begins with hope .
Life begins with one.
Life begins with the begetting, with conception in the physical realm.
Life begins with the family and that is where individuals mold there life, right from day one.
Life begins, it grows, it reproduces, and it dies.
Life begins, it grows, it reproduces, it dies.
Life being what it is, the perfect schedule is probably unobtainable.
Life being what it is, though, usually the screen stays frustratingly blank.
Life belongs equally to fish, insects, mammals, birds and even plants.
Life belongs to the livings and ones who live to learn to face challenges.
Life binds elements together.
Life Blows Up.
Life boils down to a contest of ideas.
Life boils down to amino acids.
Life bootstraps itself.
Life bowls along on a high-speed track, with ever new sponsors.
Life breaks free.
Life breathe above a equestrian.
Life brings a lot of changes.
Life brings a lot of disappointment, failure, and disillusionment.
Life brings all kinds of changes.
Life brings change and each holiday season is different.
Life brings changes.
Life brings many conflicting responsibilities and choices.
Life brings no conclusions.
Life brings sorrows and joys alike.
Life brings suffering.
Life brings trials and hardships, some easier to bear than others.
Life brings up our emotions, in other words.
Life brings with it feelings.
Life bubbles along in the self-contained suburbs.
Life bubbles beneath, striving to burst forth.
Life bursting forth, primeval creation in action, there is no stopping now.
Life Call ad.
Life calls for a balance in emphasis.
Life calls for a simple set of actions to take.
Life calls to life.
Life can actually be a joy.
Life can also be an endless treadmill.
Life can also be both economic and religious.
Life can also bring very great rewards.
Life can be a ball .
Life can be a bowl of cherries full of pits.
Life can be a cathedral.
Life can be a difficult and challenging roller coaster ride.
Life can be a gamble.
Life can be a hurricane, or it can be a quiet meadow.
Life can be a journey of adventures, of being alive and doing important work.
Life can be a jungle.
Life can be a lazy driving tour of the countryside or a rollicking canoe trip down the river.
Life can be a little easier.
Life can be a living nightmare.
Life can be a long endless walk through a bunch of cow dung.
Life can be a lot better.
Life can be a lot harder without a credit card.
Life can be a lot like football.
Life can be a lot like that.
Life can be a myriad of both obstacles and accomplishments.
Life can be a painful experience for anyone who finds reading and writing difficult.
Life can be a picnic when shared with friends.
Life can be a playground.
Life can be a source of continuous learning.
Life can be a struggle and mistakes are made.
Life can be a struggle.
Life can be a turbulent ride.
Life can be a very powerful force when so much of it fills the senses.
Life can be a viable alternative to higher education.
Life can be a whirlwind of craziness, busy moments and fast paced action.
Life can be a whole lot more exciting when working with others.
Life can be a wilderness, with murkiness clouding our vision.
Life can be absolutely unbearable at times.
Life can be abundant, if nutrients and sunlight are plentiful.
Life can be ambiguous, in that doing the good is often merely doing the lesser of two evils.
Life can be an adventure or overwhelming.
Life can be an adventure.
Life can be arbitrary and unfair.
Life can be as calm as one desires or can be spiced with civic or senior center activities.
Life can be awfully dull without some bogeyman to deride.
Life can be awkward at that age, but also exhilarating.
Life can be bad .
Life can be bad, life can be good, life can be in between, but thats how it is for everyone.
Life can be beautiful but it can also be harsh at times.
Life can be beautiful.
Life Can Be Beautiful.
Life can be better than that.
Life can be blissful, and happy and free.
Life Can Be Bones.
Life can be complicated and demanding.
Life can be complicated and difficult.
Life can be creative in the most simple ways.
Life can be cruel and mean and spouses can be abusive and ugly.
Life can be cruel sometimes.
Life can be cruel, cold and crusty.
Life can be cruel.
Life can be dangerous for a small bird.
Life can be difficult at times.
Life can be difficult because of unresolved inner turmoil in our own hearts and minds.
Life can be difficult even in the best of times.
Life can be difficult sometimes.
Life can be difficult when both parents work outside the home.
Life can be difficult when the hours between dusk and dawn are less than restful.
Life can be difficult.
Life can be easier.
Life can be easy.
Life can be ecbolic.
Life can be ecstatic.
Life can be entertaining.
Life can be eternal but death can be as instant as a power failure or system crash.
Life can be exciting and filled with joy, Or life can be hard and filled with fright.
Life can be exciting.
Life can be frustrating.
Life can be full and happy.
Life can be full of annoyances.
Lipids are the main constituents of cell membranes and are, in essence, biological soaps.
Lipids are the most diverse group of biochemicals.
Lipids are the most efficient energy storage molecules in cells.
Lipids are the most efficient way to store energy, for instance.
Lipids are the only nutrient that the body has an unlimited capacity to store excess.
Lipids are varied in structure.
Lipids are very poor.
Lipids are vital to animals and plants in many ways.
Lipids are vital to the integrity of cell membranes and to new plant growth.
Lipids block the diffusion of ions across the plasma membrane.
Lipids can be part of an emulsion but can never stabilise an emulsion.
Lipids can combine with proteins to form lipoproteins , e.g. in cell membranes.
Lipids can combine with proteins to form lipoproteins.
Lipids can diffuse.
Lipids can either be in two dominant forms, exogenous or endogenous.
Lipids can provide non-protein calories.
Lipids can serve as energy sources for cells.
Lipids combine with proteins.
Lipids come together to fats.
Lipids comes from the Greek lipos, meaning fat.
Lipids contain almost twice as much energy per unit weight than carbohydrates.
Lipids exhibit some membrane solubility.
Lipids form the barriers surrounding various compartments within an organism.
Lipids function in the long-term storage of biochemical energy , insulation, structure and control.
Lipids have (part) atoms.
Lipids have (part) chemical chain.
Lipids have (part) chemical groups.
Lipids have a variety of functions in living organisms.
Lipids have many important physiological roles.
Lipids improve capacity.
Lipids includes waxes, fats, oils, steroids and among others.
Lipids is one of the premier journals published in the lipids field today.
Lipids move laterally in a membrane, but flip-flopping across the membrane is rare.
Lipids never do.
Lipids occur between the distinct layers of keratin toward top of figure.
Lipids occur in the general protoplasm and Pectins are present in quite large amounts in tea.
Lipids offer unique pharmaceutical benefits.
Lipids perform many important roles.
Lipids play energy storage and structural roles in cells, and many hormones are lipids.
Lipids pose a problem to drug delivery systems.
Lipids promote uptake.
Lipids provide energy and give structural support.
Lipids release large amounts of energy when broken down.
Lipids require sterols for their transport and are steroid precursor.
Lipids serve a number of functions in the human body.
Lipids serve as a source of fuel and are one of the main components of cell structure.
Lipids spontaneously form bilayers.
Lipids supply about twice the energy as proteins and carbohydrates.
All lipids are amphipathic , that is, they have hydrophilic and hydrophobic regions.
All lipids form bilayer membranes.
All lipids have many more nonpolar bonds or regions than polar bonds or regions.
Many lipids are made of numerous fatty acids.
Many lipids are surfactants and spontaneously form organized structures at interfaces.
Most lipid is stored in the fat body, although small amounts are found in other cells.
Most lipids are produced by glands.
Most lipids are produced by mammary glands.
Most lipids combine with proteins.
Most lipids improve capacity.
Most lipids promote uptake.
Some lipids contain acid.
Some lipids contain alcohol.
Some lipids contain fatty acid.
Some lipids contain phosphorus.
Some lipids derive from cholesterol.
Some lipids even span the membrane, with hydrophilic groups on each end of a hydrophobic molecule.
Some lipids function as hormones.
Many lipofuscin granules appear due to the accumulation of lipids in mitochondria.
A lipogram is text
Lipograms are just wordplay, but of course they have a political message too.
Lipoic acid can also potentially regenerate other antioxidants.
Lipoic acid is antioxidant.
Lipoic acid is chemical compounds.
Lipoic acid prevents buthionine sulfoximine-induced cataract formation in newborn rats.
Lipoic acid primes insulin.
Lipoid pneumonia causes cough and fever.
A lipoma is a tumor
Lipomas are always benign.
Lipomas are benign tumors composed of mature fat cells.
Lipomas are benign tumors of fat cells commonly found under the skin in dogs.
Lipomas are benign tumors of fat cells uncommonly found under the skin in cats.
Lipomas are common benign tumors derived from the lipocyte cell line.
Lipomas are common subcutaneous fatty tumors.
Lipomas are common.
Lipomas are diseases.
Lipomas are fatty lumps often found on middle-aged dogs.
Lipomas are fatty tumors common in older horses.
Lipomas are more common in women and tend to appear on the forearms, torso, and back of the neck.
Lipomas are quite common in older dogs.
Lipomas are round or oval lumps under the skin caused by fatty deposits.
Lipomas are tumors.
Lipomas develop as single, painless lumps.
Lipomas differ biochemically from normal mature fat.
Lipomas have increased levels of lipoprotein lipase.
Lipophilic chemicals like to dissolve in similarly lipophilic environments, such as membranes.
Lipophilic compounds have great potential in the discovery process.
Lipophilic emulsifiers are miscible with penetrants in all concentrations.
Lipophilic emulsifiers are oil based and are used undiluted.
More lipophilic molecules can diffuse through the lipid layer.
Lipoprotein lipase is found in vascular endothelium.
Lipoprotein lipase is produced, regulated and functional in rat brain.
Lipoprotein lipase is stimulated by glucagon through a second messenger mechanism.
Lipoprotein lipases are proteins.
Lipoprotein particles contain a hydrophobic core of cholesterol esters and triglycerides .
A lipoprotein is a protein
Lipoprotein particles that transport cholesterol to the liver.
Lipoproteins account for part of the nonspecific antiviral activity of human serum.
Lipoproteins are a combination of lipids covered by proteins.
Lipoproteins are a combination of varying amounts of fats and proteins.
Lipoproteins are actually aggregrates.
Lipoproteins are carriers for transporting cholesterol throughout the body.
Lipoproteins are compounds of fats and proteins.
Lipoproteins are important in cell membranes and in transporting lipids in the blood.
Lipoproteins are large molecules that transport fat and cholesterol in the body.
Lipoproteins are larger and less dense, if they consist of more fat than of protein.
Lipoproteins are macromolecular complexes of lipids and proteins, called apolipoproteins.
Lipoproteins are most important when steroidogenic cells are chronically stimulated.
Lipoproteins are outer monolayers of proteins and polar lipids with an inner core of neutral lipids.
Lipoproteins are packages of fat, cholesterol, and protein.
Lipoproteins are packages of proteins, cholesterol and triglycerides assembled by the liver.
Lipoproteins are particles that package cholesterol, allowing it to be transported in the blood.
Lipoproteins are proteins carrying lipids.
Lipoproteins are proteins that carry lipids in the bloodstream.
Lipoproteins are proteins.
Lipoproteins are structures that transport cholesterol.
Lipoproteins are the carriers of cholesterol and triglyceride.
Lipoproteins are the protein components that carry cholesterol through the circulation.
Lipoproteins are the vehicles that carry cholesterol through the blood stream.
Lipoproteins carry triglyceride fats and cholesterol in the blood.
Lipoproteins come in different sizes.
Lipoproteins come in two types, and each affects our cardiovascular risk in different ways.
Lipoproteins move cholesterol and triglycerides throughout the bloodstream.
Lipoproteins package water-insoluble lipids for transport through the bloodstream.
Lipoproteins take their toll on the host.
Liposomal doxorubicin is generally well tolerated.
Liposomal sprays have greater bioavailability and quicker activity than capsules or tablets.
Liposomal sprays have greater bioavailability and quicker activity that capsules or tablets.
Liposome treatment induces interferon synthesis and activation of interferon-stimulated genes.
A liposome is a cyst
Liposome s as carriers for vaccines.
Liposomes are a relatively new development in skincare formulations.
Liposomes are able to travel to the tumour site, where they release the drug.
Liposomes are artifacts.
Liposomes are artificial membranes that can be formed in a test tube.
Liposomes are but one way of putting DNA into living cells.
Liposomes are easy use for high throughput screening but give misleading results.
Liposomes are lipid bilayers entrapping a fraction of aqueous fluid.
Liposomes are lipid-bilayer bounded vesicles.
Liposomes are microscopic fat bubbles that can be used to encase a drug.
Liposomes are microscopic fat capsules.
Liposomes are microscopic spheres that have an outer skin much like that of human cells.
Liposomes are spherical supramolecular structures made of lipid bilayers.
Liposomes are spherical vesicles formed by mixing lipids with water or water solutions.
Liposomes are synthetic pellets that are supposedly able to carrier oils into the skin.
Liposomes are very small, submicroscopic globules of oil.
Liposomes are vesicles.
Liposomes can also act as adjuvants.
Liposomes have a long history in the study of biological membranes.
Liposomes have three main advantages over plain dry capsule or tablet delivery methods.
Liposomes interact with wall-less cells.
Liposomes models for studying bilayer structure.
Liposomes modulate human immunodeficiency virus infectivity.
Liposomes resemble in some ways the walls of certain biological cells.
A liposuction is an operation
Liposuction allows for the easy removal of unwanted fatty deposits.
Liposuction alone leads the pack with a nearly fivefold increase.
Liposuction begins to suck out fat.
Liposuction can give a new shape to people who never dreamed it was possible.
Liposuction can improve body contour and provide a sleeker appearance.
Liposuction can lead to a more exciting life.
Liposuction can level the contours around a sunken scar.
Liposuction can permanently recontour annoying areas of localized fat.
Liposuction can remove exercise and diet resistant fat to provide a more pleasing overall shape.
Liposuction can remove fatty deposits from areas resistant to diet and exercise.
Liposuction can remove fatty deposits in the cheeks, jowls and neck.
Liposuction can treat virtually any area of the body.
Liposuction costs extra.
Liposuction gains more and more popularity.
Liposuction has a tremendous appeal because it results in minimal hidden scars.
Liposuction improves body shape using tube and vacuum devices to remove unwanted fat deposits.
Liposuction improves the look of many body areas by removing fat cells in targeted places.
Liposuction is a highly popular procedure.
Liposuction is a popular procedure.
Liposuction is a procedure that removes excess fat through a suctioning process.
Liposuction is a procedure where fat is suctioned out of the body.
Liposuction is a reasonable way to deal with the hump, probably the best way.
Liposuction is a relatively simple surgical procedure with a growing number of applications.
Liposuction is a surgical technique to remove fat.
Liposuction is a technique that removes excess fat from the neck, hips, thighs or stomach.
Liposuction is a technique to remove unwanted fat deposits from specific areas of the body.
Liposuction is a technique used to contour the body by removing fat deposits from specific areas.
Liposuction is also available.
Liposuction is an important part of the endoscopic tummy tuck.
Liposuction is an open ended proposition.
Liposuction is an operation with the potential for some very serious complications.
Liposuction is an outpatient procedure, and for small areas, can be done under local anesthetic.
Liposuction is an outpatient surgical procedure performed either under local or general anesthesia.
Liposuction is dangerous.
Liposuction is done in conjunction with the abdominoplasty.
Liposuction is done to remove excess fatty deposits from the neck or jowl area.
Liposuction is done using local anesthetic plus sedation or general anesthetic.
Liposuction is effective for both men and women.
Liposuction is for inch loss and body contouring.
Liposuction is imported from France and approved in America.
Liposuction is included.
Liposuction is introduced.
Liposuction is often the best and most permanent treatment for localized fatty deposits.
Liposuction is performed through several small incisions in several areas of the thigh.
Liposuction is popular among men, particularly for eliminating bulging fat around the waist.
Liposuction is similar to body sculpting.
Liposuction is somewhat more uncomfortable.
Liposuction is still a relatively new cosmetic procedure that selectively removes fat from the body.
Liposuction is superior to tummy tuck.
Liposuction is surgery and has the same types of risks as other surgical procedures.
Liposuction is the answer for a thinner, flatter stomach.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic procedure performed in the United States.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic procedure requested by both sexes.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic surgery performed in the United States.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic surgery procedure being performed in the United States.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic surgery procedure performed in the United States.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic surgery.
Liposuction is the most common procedure, followed by breast augmentation.
Liposuction is the most commonly performed cosmetic procedure in the Untied States.
Liposuction is the most popular of all cosmetic plastic surgeries.
Liposuction is the only true spot reducer.
Liposuction is the removal of fat by suction to eliminate unwanted bulges.
Liposuction is the removal of fat cells through a tiny incision.
Liposuction is the removal of fat from unwanted areas of the body.
Liposuction is the removal of unsightly fat deposits via a small suction device.
Liposuction is the surgical vacuuming of fat from beneath the surface of the skin.
Liposuction is totally ineffective in the long term.
Liposuction is used on patients who want to slim down in certain areas.
Liposuction is used to improve the contour or remove additional fat.
Liposuction is usually good for localized fat collections.
Liposuction is usually safe in the hands of an experienced and board certified physician.
Liposuction is usually safe in the hands of an experienced practitioner.
Liposuction is very safe and effective.
Liposuction is very unrealistic.
Liposuction makes lymphoedema much worse.
Liposuction makes spot reduction possible by removing fat cells from isolated regions of the body.
Liposuction normally takes an hour or two, but that depends on how much liposuction is done.
Liposuction permanently removes the fat cells.
Liposuction permanently removes the unwanted fat cells.
Liposuction Provides before and after pictures, information about costs, details about procedures.
Liposuction ranks as the most commonly performed cosmetic procedure.
Liposuction refines the contour of the neck and jaw by reducing the number of fat cells.
Liposuction removes fatty deposits which are unresponsive to diet and exercise.
Liposuction removes inches rather than pounds.
Liposuction removes localized deposits of subcutaneous fat.
Liposuction removes unwanted fat to resculpt the problem areas leaving a more attractive contour.
Liposuction seems very simple and safe.
Liposuction uses a high-power vacuum to remove subcutaneous fat.
Liposuction uses high suction and a narrow long tube to remove fat cells.
Liposuctions are plastic surgery.
Liposuctions are surgical removals.
Lipoteichoic acid mediates the bacterial attachment.
Lipoteichoic acids are teichoic acids that are linked to the underlying cell membrane.
Lipotropic agents are compounds which promote the flow of fat and bile to and from the liver.
Lipotropic herbals are nutrients that work to help prevent the accumulation of fat in the liver.
Lipped cannula resists pullout from the arthroscopic portal.
Lipschitz continuity is emphasized over the standard weaker definition.
Lipschitz functions are uniformly continuous.
A lipstick is makeup
Lipstick is Plumage.
Lipstick isa make-up.
Lipsticks are located in cabinets.
Lipsticks are located in purses.
Lipsticks are makeup.
Lipsticks Ask for our professional lipstick products and colour charts.
Lipsticks have (part) sections.
Lipsticks range in formulations and color.
Lipsticks stay true, mascara stays put and the look is so natural.
Most lipstick is made out of fish gills.
Most lipsticks contain fish scales.
Some lipsticks are also lip balms, to add color and hydration.
Liqu ids pass through spout only when child sips.
Liquefaction calls for coal to be pulverized into fine particles and then mixed with water.
Liquefaction can also cause severe mudslides.
Liquefaction can be one of the major causes of damage during an earthquake.
Liquefaction can cause ground displacement and ground failure.
Liquefaction causes damage.
Liquefaction causes major damage.
Liquefaction follows extreme hyaline degeneration.
Liquefaction is a hazard in areas that have groundwater near the surface and sandy soil.
Liquefaction is a potential problem in any area where a loss estimation is being made.
Liquefaction is A. flooding of coastal areas due to tectonic subsidence.
Liquefaction is especially dangerous for buildings standing on reclaimed land.
Liquefaction is one of the most important problems resulting from strong earthquakes.
Liquefaction is phase change.
Liquefaction is physical change
Liquefaction is the changing of properties of a solid upon the addition of water.
Liquefaction is widespread, but with very limited lateral spread probably due to the flat terrain.
Liquefaction isa process.
Liquefaction occurs because of unconsolidated sand, clay or rocks.
Liquefaction occurs in loose, water-saturated sands as they are shaken by an earthquake.
Liquefaction occurs when a gas changes states and becomes a liquid.
Liquefaction occurs when an earthquake turns underground sediments to quicksand.
Liquefaction occurs when sandy soil becomes saturated by groundwater and then is shaken.
Liquefaction occurs where ground water is near the surface in soils composed of sands and silts.
Liquefaction requires energy.
Liquefaction sorts sediments and dead plants and animals.
Liquefaction often occurs during earthquakes causing the soil to react like a liquid.
Most liquefaction causes damage.
Most liquefaction causes major damage.
Some liquefaction also occurs when liquid manure is stored anaerobically.
Some liquefaction causes mudslides.
Some liquefaction causes problems.
Some liquefaction causes severe mudslides.
Liquefactive necrosis occurs in the spleen and kidney.
A liqueur is alcohol
Liqueur improves with additional aging.
Liqueurs are alcohol.
Liqueurs are cheap, try the local ponche crema.
Liqueurs are hard liquor.
Liqueurs are still susceptible to oxidation even if it takes a long time.
Liqueurs are usually high in calories and the cream based ones, high in fat.
Most liqueurs have coffee cups or cordial glasses which usually come packaged as boxed sets.
Liquid acetone produces moderate transient eye irritation.
Liquid air is a cryogen
Liquid air is air that has been cooled to a very low temperature.
Liquid air is air
Liquid air is made and distilled to show that it contains oxygen and nitrogen.
Liquid ammonia boils at the same temperature.
Liquid ammonia can also attack rubber and certain plastics.
Liquid ammonia is a vesicant.
Liquid ammonia is ammonia.
Liquid ammonia is injected directly into the soil for certain crops such as corn and sugar beets.
Liquid ammonia is liquids.
Liquid ammonia is the best-known and most widely studied nonaqueous ionising solvent.
Some liquid antacids contain a gas relieving compound called simethicone.
Liquid application is one cup guano into five gallons of water.
Liquid assets are assets either in the form of cash or readily convertible into cash.
Liquid assets are assets that can be turned into cash, or liquidated immediately.
Liquid assets are assets.
Liquid assets are cash and other financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, bank accounts etc.
Liquid assets have short maturities but are low yielding.
Liquid assets trade at a higher multiple than non-liquid assets.
Liquid ballast makes sidewalls stiffer, which causes a rougher ride and more compaction.
Liquid barium is put into the colon through a slender tube inserted into the rectum.
Liquid barometers are the older style of barometer and look similar to a clear jug with a spout.
Liquid bleach is a base.
Liquid bleach is a solution
Liquid bleach is solutions.
Liquid bleach loses strength over time.
Liquid bridges are regions of liquid that span the gap between two or more solid supports.
Liquid calories are also over the top because of super-sizing.
Liquid capacity is the tank volume below the outlet.
Liquid cargo is discharged directly from the vessels into the shore tanks through pipe - lines.
Liquid cash is needed for the first year of study.
Liquid cement is applied while holding the parts together.
Many liquid chemicals pose hazards that correspond to more than one storage group.
Some liquid chemicals enter intestines.
Some liquid chemicals enter small intestines.
Liquid chlorine burns the skin and gaseous chlorine irritates the mucus membranes.
Liquid chlorine causes frost burns and is corrosive to human tissue.
Liquid chlorine is amber in color.
Liquid chlorine is available in many forms, including laundry bleach and postharvest wash materials.
Liquid chlorine is mixed into drinking water and swimming pools to destroy bacteria.
Liquid chlorine is shipped under pressure in steel containers.
Liquid chlorine is used to control allergy, slime, etc.
Liquid chlorophyll counteracts toxins, the result is that the body heal faster.
Liquid chlorophyll have molecular structures.
Liquid chlorophyll have same molecular structures.
Liquid chlorophyll have structures.
Liquid chlorophyll helps to keep the bowels functioning properly.
Most liquid chlorophyll have molecular structures.
Most liquid chlorophyll have same molecular structures.
Most liquid chlorophyll have structures.
Liquid chromatography is all about solubility and selectivity.
Liquid chromatography is one of the four types.
Liquid cleanup provides companies with the best and easiest opportunity for recycling used oil.
Liquid clouds appear in lighter shades, while ice clouds and snow appear dark.
Liquid color is also perfect for tinting sugar and coconut.
Liquid color is the most common and best for creating pastel shades.
Liquid condensate is collected in an impinger placed between the two resin traps.
Liquid conductivity depends on the mobility of the molecules and their speed.
Liquid contact can cause frostbite.
Liquid contact can produce irritation of the eyes or skin with blistering and eczema.
Liquid contact causes frostbite.
Liquid contaminants lead to oil break down, acid pitting, and viscosity loss.
Liquid contamination is identified using the detection paper included in the kit.
Liquid contents are corrosive to skin and eyes.
Liquid courage is very dangerous if taken in extreme amounts.
Liquid crystal states have distinctive properties.
Liquid crystal states have properties.
Liquid crystal is a cholesterol.
Liquid crystal is a liquid
Liquid crystal is injected under a glass pane that is placed over a silicon chip.
Liquid crystal is liquids.
Liquid crystal reacts predictably when electrically stimulated.
Liquid crystals act like shutters in display screens.
Liquid crystals appear to be the material of choice for flat panel displays.
Liquid crystals are a state of matter, just like the better-known states of liquid, solid and gas.
Liquid crystals are a state of order between crystals and liquids.
Liquid crystals are an important component of living systems.
Liquid crystals are another example.
Liquid crystals are states of matter intermediate between normal crystals and normal liquids.
Liquid crystals are states of matter intermediate between normal liquids and normal crystals.
Liquid crystals are unique systems where topological structures are accessible for detailed studies.
Liquid crystals attach themselves to the carbon atoms and are aligned.
Liquid crystals change color with temperature in the visible region.
Long waves have a lower frequency than short waves.
Long waves move very slowly.
Long Waves thread .
Long wavelength swells approaching land are clearly visible in the Atlantic Ocean to the east.
Long wavelengths are to the right.
Long wavelengths pass unhindered.
Long weekend provides students with opportunities to get away.
Long weekends are among the riskiest times to travel.
Long weekends are available at pro-rated fees.
Long weekends are the norm.
Long weekends are the worst.
Long weekends can be an especially dangerous time on B.C. roads.
Long weekends enable students to travel to London or other British or European locations.
Long whiskers extend from sides.
Long whiskers help ocelots feel their way around, too.
Most long whiskers extend from sides.
Long whites are oval-shaped, medium in starch level and have thin, light tan skin.
Long windows are deeply recessed.
Long windows are more bitrate efficient for steady-state signals.
Long windows topped by faux gables smile out over boxes the residents keep stocked with flowers.
Long wings are good for lift for birds like the albatross and other birds that glide over the ocean.
Long wings are therefore most suitable to animals that live and fly in forests.
Long winters combine with cool summers and bothersome bugs are almost nonexistent.
Long wires can cause too much resistance for current to get through.
Long words are bulky, weak and suited to reports.
Long words are easier to expand than short ones.
Long words are good for covering short thoughts.
Long words are, on average, easier to recall than short words.
Long words contain more letters and more syllables.
Long words have more syllables.
Long words name little things.
Long workdays keep the women isolated.
Long years occur when the calendar year is longer than the solar year .
Longacre kids learn to speak from the heart and to listen with respect.
A longan is a fruit tree
Longans require a period of low minimum temperature to induce panicle and flower initiation.
A longbow is a bow
Longbows allow considerably more latitude in length selection than recurves do.
Longbows are bows.
Longbows are light in weight and generally hand made.
Longbows can be even more effective with the use of stakes, an d crossbows with pavisiers.
Longbows have center accents in Maple.
Longer amortizations are a program exception.
Longer announcements belong in uk.announce.events .
Longer antennas give louder volume and more sensitivity.
Longer apprenticeships are also available.
Longer arrows indicate stronger forces.
Longer arrows represent faster winds.
Longer articles are also welcome.
Longer articles are always acceptable.
Longer articles are devoted to major playwrights.
Longer articles are preferred.
Longer articles are refereed.
Longer articles are welcome, provided the are well researched and well written.
Longer articles conclude with bibliographical sources.
Longer articles contain bibliographic references.
Longer articles tackle broad thematic issues.
Some longer articles have bibliographical references.
Some longer articles includes lists of references.
Longer banners are available at proportionate prices.
Longer bar equals better performance.
Longer bars are better and higher numbers are better.
Longer bars are better.
Longer bars are faster.
Longer bars equal better performance.
Longer bars equals better performance.
Longer bars equals faster performance.
Longer bars indicate better performance.
Longer bars indicate faster performance.
Longer bars represent better value for money.
Longer bars represent higher values.
Longer bars represents better performance.
Longer barrels make leads appear shorter.
Longer barrels work better for PACS because there's a lot more power behind the spud.
Longer basin take longer and shallower basins rock faster, as before.
Longer battens are now legal in Star mains and jibs.
Longer bellows are available as is a wide angle bellows.
Longer blades are often cumbersome.
Longer blanks require more words.
Longer boards allow for more speed.
Longer boards are preferred for free riding.
Longer boats go faster than shorter boats.
Longer boats go faster, but they are harder to turn.
Longer boats go faster.
Longer boats make longer waves.
Longer body equals faster body.
Longer breaks are a crucial respite for hard-working students.
Longer bridges are acceptable for lower-production cycle or maintenance areas.
Longer burns extend lamp life.
Longer cables are available at an additional cost.
Longer cables are available in the bookstore.
Longer cables are available on request.
Longer cables are available on some models.
Longer cables are available on special request.
Longer cables are available upon request.
Longer cables are available upon requiest.
Longer cables are available.
Longer cables can also be a safety hazard.
Longer campaigns produce more qualified winners.
Longer canes produce more fruit.
Longer captions can tell a whole story.
Longer catheters are more likely to cause problems when threading the catheter into a vein.
Longer cells can be suggestive of corynebacteria.
Longer chain is available upon request.
Longer chains are likely to have more complicated global minima structures.
Longer chains prefer hairpin-like conformations.
Longer chains require a greater number of trustworthy principals.
Longer chanters allow closer replication of the hole spacing to that of a bagpipe chanter.
Longer chapters allow more comprehensive coverage, deeper analysis, and a broader perspective.
Longer chapters have headings to direct the reader.
Longer chromosomes allow better conversion from the binary chromosome to the real number variable.
Longer classes allow for several different topics to be taught in one class period.
Longer climbs can last several days, and meal planning for that gets tricky.
Longer coat forms a ruff around the neck and shoulders, framing the head.
Longer coil is the N-terminus of each polypeptide chain.
Longer columns are a space problem.
Longer commitments are available for an additional fee.
Longer commitments are preferred.
Longer communication pays more delay penalty on interconnection.
Longer connections use active repeaters.
Longer consistency is convenient for users but it also makes reverse engineering easier.
Longer contact can amplify the negative as well as the positive aspects of relationships.
Longer contracts are also advantageous for the doctors.
Longer cooking brings a nutty taste and a creamy consistency.
Longer cooking causes the food to reach a high temperature and distorts the plastic.
Longer cords seem to correlate with disconnections due to signal loss in the cord.
Longer courses are available to cover more advanced techniques, training etc.
Longer courses are available upon request.
Longer courses offer longer previews.
Longer courses traverse some areas of prickly hakea so full body cover is recommended.
Longer cruises are also available.
Longer cues are available at an additional charge.
Longer days allow more sunshine to warm the ground and atmosphere.
Longer days are a good sign here.
Longer days begin with the first cuckoo of spring, meaning more light for growing.
Longer days give the birds more time to feed their young, as well as signal warmer weather.
Longer days mean accelerated egg production here at the ranch.
Longer days mean birds are getting ready to make their nests.
Longer days means greater heating.
Longer days occur later in the tour where the terrain is much easier.
Longer days occur where the terrain is much easier.
Longer days seem to trigger hormonal changes.
Longer daylight means more solar radiation.
Longer decks are less maneuverable but more stable.
Longer definitions are word-wrapped but remain indented.
Longer delays interfere with our attempts to combine the items.
Longer delays mean lower risk of loosing submissions to a broken connections.
Longer delays occur usually when an engine or directory has stopped indexing for a period of time.
Longer deletions are more likely to develop life-threatening malformations shorter ones.
Longer description goes here.
Longer descriptions follow.
Much longer deviations indicate a problem.
Longer discussions are welcome as well.
Longer disruptions depopulate entire regions.
Longer distances relax the eyes.
Longer documents are typically less inclined to skew.
Longer documents show higher compression ratios than shorter ones.
Longer documents take longer to scroll through and to access key parts.
Longer documents take more time to download.
Longer documents take proportionally more time to translate.
Longer documents vary upon the length and complexity.
Longer domains create new opportunities.
Longer drifts are difficult due to the heavy weed growth layering the surface.
Longer duration is only acceptable for longevity tonics recommended by an experienced practitioner.
Longer durations suggest either large or very slow lensing objects.
Longer eggs take longer to hatch and develop than smaller eggs.
Longer enclosures are possible using any size panel by bolting the panels end to end.
Longer engagements are especially helpful to younger couples.
Longer entries have citations for further reading.
Longer essays cite numerous authors and address complex definitional issues.
Longer events allow for more losses to the air and subsurface.
Longer exams require some time management.
Longer explanations appear on the general information page .
Longer exposure can be fatal.
Longer exposure can do the same but it imposes stringent requirement on the equatorial mount.
Longer exposures can be fatal.
Longer exposures can sedate users, as if they had a large number of alcoholic drinks.
Longer exposures give lighter images and short exposures give dark images.
Longer exposures give the best-looking images.
Longer exposures improve image quality, show fainter details, and provide richer color images.
Longer exposures show more trailing to the stars and comet.
Longer exposures tend to wash out the brightest areas, but produce more detail in the shadows.
Longer faults yield larger earthquakes that shake the ground for longer periods.
Longer fibers are also more easily oriented in shear flows.
Longer filaments have larger resistance values, and thus, smaller current values.
Longer films play more poorly than shorter films.
Longer flights allow the plane to collect more data with less downtime.
Longer flights are less fatiguing with the headset because of the reduced low noise.
Longer flights are possible, depending on fuel and gross weight limitations.
Longer flights offer more time viewing the whales and along with other options.
Longer feet are absolutely larger but relatively smaller foot circumference.
Longer forage is difficult to ensile because it's tough to pack uniformly.
Longer fragments take longer to move through the gel than the smaller fragments.
Longer frames generate more power than the same frame that is shorter.
Longer gages are easier to handle and install.
Longer gaps indicate bounding, when all feet come down close togeth er.
Longer genes take longer to transcribe c.
Longer gowns follow the wedding dress trend with a fishtail hem in back to create a gliding affect.
Longer grass allows less evaporation.
Longer grass blades reduce evaporation.
Longer grass encourages deeper roots, and it shades the soil better.
Longer grass grows longer roots, and longer, thicker turf does a better job of crowding out weeds.
Longer grass has more leaf surface to take in sunlight.
Longer grass is hardier and much more competitive.
Longer grass keeps out weeds and turf insect pests.
Longer grass keeps the soil cool, minimizing evaporation and conserving water.
Longer grass means less evaporation.
Longer grass provides shade for the roots and inhibits weed growth.
Longer grass retains water better.
Longer grass shades the roots, conserves moisture, and inhibits weed growth.
Longer guarantees are available on engine purchases.
Longer hair goes into a bun, ponytail or hairnet as well.
Longer hair is darker and wavy to curly.
Longer hair is messier as it starts falling out.
Longer hair is the vogue of today. . . .
Longer hairs forming a partial mane grow along the spine of the neck.
Longer hands are worth more points, but require more time to create.
Longer handles allow the worker to adjust work position and prevent bending at the waist.
Longer handles are nice for passing.
Longer handlebars enables easier mowing access under shrubs, bushes and into ditches.
Longer headlines pull better than short ones.
Longer hikes are available, too.
Longer hires are available on application.
Longer hitters can hit onto the green and have an opportunity for eagle.
Some longer holes have multiple obstacles.
Longer horizons eliminate false starts, lost time and wasted dollars.
Longer hoses are available.
Longer hospital stays after delivery.
Longer hours are a great PR tool in addition to meeting the needs of students.
Longer hours spread volume of use and relieve crowding.
Longer hulls have to go faster to plane fully.
Longer hunts are available to hunters who want to hunt brown bear.
Longer Hunts Are Available.
Longer hunts is a positive spin-off.
Longer incubations are necessary if fucose is present on the penultimate sugar.
Longer integrations are preferred.
Longer internships allow for more in-depth and meaningful experiences.
Longer internships are available.
Longer interruptions mean more trouble.
Longer intervals become usual as the patient becomes moderately iron-deficient.
Longer intervals make for a stop motion or stepped feel for another effect.
Longer irons have the weight near the toe for a better square up impact.
Longer items are subject to editing.
Longer journeys are available and encouraged.
Longer keels are harder to knock off course than shorter keels.
Longer keels are harder to put back on course than shorter keels.
Longer keels have more wetted surface than shorter keels, which hurts light air performance.
Longer keys are more difficult to decipher and so provide better security.
Longer keys are more secure, but take longer to generate and use.
Longer keys make for more secure messages.
Longer keys result in encryption that is more resistant to brute force attacks.
Longer keys take longer to use, but offer higher levels of security.
Longer kicks get the typical three points.
Longer l are redder and shorter l are bluer.
Longer leaders make gaffing harder by allowing fish to stay farther away from the boat.
Longer leaf blades protect roots from the sun and help retain moisture.
Longer leaf blades shade roots and help retain moisture.
Longer leaf blades shade the soil and help retain moisture.
Longer legs are needed for leaping, a characteristic of frogs.
Longer legs provide improved multi-terrain movement.
Longer length cover elbow and forearm.
Longer length equals more resistance.
Longer length increases pounds of wool for the producer.
Longer length makes it ideal for a taller bride.
Longer lengths are available for a small upcharge.
Longer lengths are available for an additional charge.
Longer lengths are available raw, anodized, or painted.
Longer lengths are available, but are slightly higher in price.
Longer lengths are available.
Longer lengths are great when teaching recall, for field work or when traveling.
Longer lengths are more likely to show speed reduction.
Longer lengths are possible with an illuminator with an illuminator at both ends.
Longer lengths are subject to twisting and can cause thermal expansion problems.
Longer lengths are under development.
Longer lengths give more sustained power in lighter wind situations.
Longer lengths provide bed posts, floor lamps and heavy chair components.
Longer lenses are better.
Longer lenses are great for wildflower portraits for two major reasons.
Longer lenses magnify the subject but they also magnify camera shake.
Longer lenses require more light to register on the film.
Longer lessons demand that the student spend more time focused on the materials without a break.
Longer lets are available out of season.
Longer letters are likely just to get skimmed, rather than read carefully.
Longer letters are subject to condensation.
Longer life depends on application.
Longer life means fewer recoatings.
Longer life means more runs per dollar Part No.
Longer life means more time.
Longer life results from a slower exponential rate of increase in mortality.
Longer lives mean longer retirements, which cost more money.
Longer lifespan seems an obvious value.
Longer lifetime means fewer materials reinvested later.
Longer limbs mean longer strides, and longer strides mean greater speed.
Longer limbs tend to hold more snow and break under the burden.
Longer lines are at times broken.
Longer lines are hard to read.
Longer lines can be frustrating to work with.
Longer lines can cause problems with some e-mail systems.
Longer lines can cause word-wrap and make readability difficult.
Longer lines frame the central image.
Longer lines make maneuvers harder to complete.
Longer links allow the axle to be put back, restoring the wheelbase.
Longer lips cause the lure to dive deep, and shorter lips run shallow.
Longer lists are possible.
Longer loans are available for faculty.
Much longer lobes are evident at deltas of rivers such as the Mississippi.
Longer locks are available for a fee.
Longer loops require special engineering, even for regular phone service.
Longer lowers give added protection against weather and road hazards.
Longer messages are also hard to respond to.
Longer messages are cutoff at the limit.
Longer messages are more readable if broken into paragraphs.
Longer messages can convey more information, and be used for more purposes.
Longer messages convey bytes in larger units, hence, more efficiently.
Longer microtubules project outward from the area around the centrioles.
Longer missions are possible with further development.
Longer mnemonics are most memorable if they form a phrase or sentence.
Longer monitoring is required if any arrhythmic activity is noted.
Longer movies require large amounts of primary memory or a very effective virtual memory system.
Longer names are hard to type without misspellings.
Longer names contain more information than short names, but extract a price in readability.
Longer names indicate components of a larger group.
Longer names produce less incorrect hits and hence reduces the search space.
Longer names tend to be impractical to use.
Longer naps disrupt the body's ability to stay asleep.
Longer naps make it hard to sleep at night.
Longer necklaces are available for an additional cost upon request.
Longer needles hurt less.
Longer nights are here, and holidays are coming.
Longer nights make for cooking together, reading aloud and sleep-overs.
Longer notice is appreciated when the position requires supervisory or special skills.
Longer notice is requested for larger groups.
Longer objects are easier to balance than shorter ones.
Longer ones can be special ordered.
Longer ones can take several days to months .
Longer ones can take several days to months.
Longer ones lose our interest.
Longer operations are necessary when multiple individual digits have been amputated.
Longer option is hilly.
Longer packets improve the efficiency for data transmission.
Longer pages are allowable, then, but only as length serves the content.
Longer pages can cause scrolling problems for folks with non-graphical browsers.
Longer papers are a double-barreled threat.
Longer papers are acceptable.
Longer papers are eligible for inclusion by author, title, and reference.
Longer papers are refereed.
Longer papers require a special decision of the editorial board in order to be published.
Longer passes are even a better buy.
Longer passages are often difficult to use on the cover.
Longer passwords are also usually better.
Longer passwords are even better as they are harder to guess by trial and error.
Longer passwords are harder for other people to guess, but also harder to type.
Longer passwords are harder for others to guess.
Longer passwords are harder for someone else to guess.
Longer passwords are more secure and harder to crack.
Longer passwords are tougher to crack.
Longer passwords enhance security.
Longer paths increase travel distances for both pedestrians and bicyclists.
Longer paths score more points per tile than short paths.
Longer patterns are common such as monthly menstrual cycles and annual seasonal cycles.
Longer patterns are common, such as monthly menstrual cycles and annual seasonal cycles.
Longer pendulums have lower frequencies.
Longer period can cause problems.
Longer periods are also acceptable if air fare savings can be demonstrated.
Longer periods are possible through membership.
Longer periods are subject to negotiation according to availability.
Longer periods encourage teachers to focus more closely on their subjects.
Longer periods offer even more security.
Longer periods require payment of additional fees.
Longer phrases are less effective.
Longer pieces are simple text documents which can be downloaded and printed for easier viewing.
Longer pieces increase attention span at an early age.
Longer pieces require more time.
Longer pipes do, of course, help a bit.
Longer pipelines allow designers to crank up chip core speeds.
Longer pipelines allow processor designers to ratchet up the processor's speed.
Longer poems can be more difficult for the reader.
Longer poems go in large pocket charts, with an extra set of text for matching.
Longer portfolios offer analysis and discuss the complexity of issues.
Longer production runs with less risk of excess inventory.
Longer programs are also available.
Longer programs are available for a minimal fee.
Longer programs are to be favored and encouraged.
Longer programs can create a common or core foundation and then build on it.
Longer projects are negotiable.
Longer projects have to be first agreed upon by both parties.
Longer proteins can cause infertility.
Longer pulses are ones, shorter pulses are zeros.
Longer puppets are available upon request.
Longer putts have a longer back swing and a longer follow-through.
Longer putts have a longer backswing and a longer follow through.
Longer quotations can stand alone.
Longer quotations go in quotation marks without italics.
Longer quotations require permission.
Longer quotes look better if they are put in a separate paragraph.
Longer quotes require prior written permissio n .
Longer quotes require prior written permission .
Longer quotes require prior written permission.
Longer racquets tend to be lighter to compensate for the heavier swing weight.
Longer range is almost always desirable but with the addition of the ability to identify the target.
All main meetings are free and open to the public.
Main melody is presented by a solo flute.
Main memory consists of a sequence of locations .
Main memory consists of a series of numbered locations called bytes , each byte being eight bits .
Main memory consists of a very long list of bytes.
Main memory consists of interleaved beet-addressable magnetic corn.
Main memory contains a numbered sequence of locations.
Main memory determines the size of a problem that can be solved on a given machine.
Main memory has many alternate names.
Main memory is a large array of ints.
Main memory is a volatile storage device.
Main memory is analogous to a large portable tool box.
Main memory is bad meat.
Main memory is divided into regions.
Main memory is expensive compared to external memory so it has limited capacity.
Main memory is fast and limited in capacity.
Main memory is general-purpose ram.
Main memory is initially empty, and is filled, starting at the top, as necessary.
Main memory is temporary, and is lost when the computer is turned off.
Main memory is the most expensive storage medium, but is also the fastest available.
Main memory is the primary bin for holding the instructions and data the processor is using.
Main memory offers very fast access and very high bandwidth for all data that is located there.
Main menu includes fractures, joints, muscles, nerves, trauma, medications, and lab tests.
Main menu includes machinery selection, custom rates and more.
Main menu is blackboard based and changes daily.
Main minerals are diamond, gold, uranium, steel, limestone, copper and manganese.
Main ministry is catechesis in the parish and outlying missions.
Main modification are new turbopumps.
Main motion is voted upon.
Main motions are always debatable.
Main motions involve substantive proposals for consideration and action.
All main motions are debatable.
Main motivators are simplicity and utility in dealing with multiple resolution contexts.
Main movie calls secondary movie.
Most main museums have a gift shop.
Main music is made up of violins and a couple of synth instruments running in the background.
Main nests are usually outdoors in rotting stumps, trees or in decaying landscape timbers.
Main numbers route calls throughout the organization.
Main objective is coordination and refinement of key strokes.
Main objective is load balancing, with some ad-hoc heuristics for memory depletion.
Main objective is to book guests reservations into our hotels when they call our toll-free number.
Main objective is to do deep-sky photography.
Main objective is to efficiently deliver on demand, at competitive prices.
Main objective is to keep morale and service levels at an all time high.
Main objective is to teach basic techniques with the younger child in mind.
Main objective is to understand patterns of beliefs and practices.
Main objectives are data origin authentication, data origin integrity, and data privacy.
Main objectives are the East End and Docks.
Main obstacle is failure of husband.
Main occupation is farming and related industries.
Main offerings are chicken rice and nasi padang.
A main office is an office
Main office is in Bern, Switzerland.
Main office is in Bonn.
Main office is in New York with a branch office in Denver.
Main office is located in Nairobi, Kenya.
Main office is located in Outlook.
Main offices are in Livonia and Birmingham.
Main offices are in London, England, New York and York, England.
Main offices are responsible for including information from their branches.
Main omissions are bridge and culvert details.
Main operation is a merge.
Main operations are out of Newark with new hub in Greece.
Main operator is second man from the right.
Main outcome measure Death from all causes.
Main outcome measures All cause mortality.
Main outcome measures All-cause mortality.
Main outcome measures Birth and placental weights at term.
Main outcome measures Healing rate, pain, headache, and fissure recurrence.
Main outcome measures Participation rates of authors, reviewers and others.
Main outcome measures Patient mortality and occurrence of influenza-like illness.
Main outcomes are to prevent and control health problems in the population.
Main page comes online and hooks for other pages are created.
Main page contains a list by type of library.
Main page contains artist info, message boards and user profiles.
Main page contains daily promotions and specials.
Main page contains links to other physics sites.
Main page gives news summaries.
Main page has auto-loading sound file.
Main page has good colors and easy to follow links.
Main page has links to Archives for both titles.
Main page has links to history of witchcraft, fake psychics, etc.
Main page has radio buttons to specify searching all the words , any word , or exact text .
Main page has several other features, including original animations for free personal use.
Main page has too much text and is too busy.
Main page has variety of listening activities from sentence level to long conversations.
Main page includes links to useful site map and client list.
Main page includes pet care information, health tips and pictures.
Main page inludes, company logo, name, address, phone number, and photo's.
Main page introduces the site to the user and has links to all the other pages of the site.
Main page is a nice, clean index with no graphics and gizmos to take up time and space.
Main page is here .
Main page is in Polish language.
Main page is still at mah.htm .
Main page is still at vjmh.htm .
Main page is updated every AM, and some PMs.
Main page is updated.
Main page is very tables-intensive and can take a while to load.
Main page is very visible but also fairly stale.
Main page lists topics, number of messages under each one, and date of last posting.
Main page offers a link to the Canadian tour.
Main page opens to current news and keyword searching facility.
Main page receives face lift.
Main page takes a while to load, too.
Main page Welcome to myteacher.net.
Main page Welcome to our home page.
Main page Welcome to the shop.
Main pages are available in several European languages.
Main pages are link sites.
Main pages have a menu bar near the bottom.
Main pages lead to information pages, click on thumbnails for a larger picture.
All main pages have the same buttons on the left of the screen.
Main part has two rooms up and two rooms down with large one story rear wing.
Main part is a regular dictionary.
Main parts are evaporation condensation precipitation .
Main paths are suitable for wheelchairs.
Main pitfall is the high cost of a good outlet and continued cost of repairs.
Main place is a convention hall of the hotel.
Main plates are brilliantlyoriginal compositions, each one different.
Main point are chlorinated solvents.
Main point is that fairly complicated history possible, but dextral transpression dominant.
Main point is that hard and EASY days are needed for improvement.
Main point is the control of measuring instruments via standardized bus interfaces.
Main point is to be inferred from the overall picture.
Main points are relevant to the thesis statement.
Main points are well developed, fully supported, and follow an introductory pattern.
Main points are well sequenced and demonstrated in a thought-provoking way.
Main points have some sort of support.
Main pollinators are honey bees , bats , and white-winged doves .
Main pool flows into a smaller pool with a swim-up bar.
Main pool flows into smaller pool with swim-up bar.
All main positions are available for damage regardless of their current status.
Main power is generally reliable in supply but subject to major fluctations.
Main power is the electric motor.
Main power taking control is Japan.
Main predators are carnivorous mammals and raptors.
Main predators are coyotes, bobcats, and alligators.
Main predators are hawks, predatory mammals, and other snakes.
Main predators are mammals and other snakes.
Main predators are other snakes and raptors.
Main predators are other snakes, birds, and mammals.
Main predators are raptors and medium-sized mammals.
Main predators are raptors and other snakes.
Main problem is cortisol deficiency.
Main problem is in the modem and the display driver.
Main problem is lack of focus.
Main problem is obviously economic.
Main problem is the formatting.
Main problem is the high roughs.
Main problem is they can get virus.
Main problem is to do with reciprocal licensing.
Main problem is variability of oxygen availability with stirring or movement of the electrode.
Main problems are car crime, criminal damage, car racing and disorder.
Main problems are drought, feed scarcity and low agricultural productivity.
Main problems are free riders especially for consumers, and costs of information.
Main problems are vehicle and violent crime.
Main problems are vehicle crime and disorder.
Main problems are vehicle crime, theft and violent crime.
Main problems are vehicle crime, violence and disorder.
Main problems occur at public health clinics and hospital ERs.
Main Procedures Look for a suitable partner school.
Main process comes from advanced equipment made in China and abroad.
Main process puts out task tuples to be performed.
Main processing begins on the log file.
Main product includes fluoride-treated elastomeric compounds .
Main product is bearings.
Main product is cotton cloth.
Main product is sulphur.
Main products are apples, cider, sweet corn, pumpkins, and peaches.
Main products are auto lamps, rear view mirrors, windshield wipers and ashtrays.
Main products are automobile suspension springs and seats.
Main products are diesel engines and motorcycles.
Main products are display packaging and garment accessories for worldwide chain stores.
Main products are forklifts and wheel loaders.
Main products are lemony black tea, lichee black tea and orange tea etc.
Main products are low-loss power transformers, melting and vacuum furnaces.
Main products are meat, sausages, canned meat preparations etc.
Main products are optical, biochemical and particles microsystems.
Main products are parts for car airconditioners and bumpers.
Main products are salt, potassium chloride and industrial bromine.
Main products are semiconductors, batteries and LCDs.
Main products are sugar, fishery, agriculture, citrus, bananas, rice, light industry.
Main products are vegetables, honey, grain, grass-tea.
Main products are wildflowers, ideas, insights and dreams.
Main products are yarn and cloth.
Some main products associated with organized crime are guns, drugs and prostitution.
Main production goes to blends.
Main production is ornament of teenages, girls and kids.
Main program prints out results.
Main project is development of a Marine Park in Montserrat, West Indies.
Main providers are Russia, Iran, and Pakistan.
Main purpose is educational programming and executive women's networking.
Main purpose is restoration and preservation of historical buildings.
Main purpose is the analysis of thin multi layers using XRF-spectroscopy.
Main purpose is to communicate results of original research.
Main purpose is to decide on the cost adjustment options as presented in last weeks meeting.
Main purpose is to entertain, sell products or promote a viewpoint.
Main purpose is to entertain.
Main purpose is to find out whether a site is up and running on a network.
Main purpose is to provide information in a general manner.
Main purpose is to reduce recordkeeping and reporting burden imposed by agencies on the public.
Main purpose seems to be to arouse curiosity and to cater to popular superstitions.
Main purposes are to fish, to learn more about fishing, and to enjoy camaraderie and conversation.
Main quarry is rainbow trout.
Main railway lines access.
Main reason given is the relative weakness of the Irish currency vis a vis the dollar and Sterling.
Main reason is lack of awareness.
Main reason is that the actual composition seems identical.
Main reason is to obtain education by correspondence courses.
Main reasons are the destroyed bridges and railways.
Main reception is on the second floor.
Main recommendations extracted from the report is as follows.
Main referee decides goal to be used.
Main report is out of print.
Main requirement is bldg to attract and hold long term tenants.
Main requirements are two papers and a brief presentation.
Main research interests History and philosophy in science education.
Main research is in serious sexual offences, specifically the sexual assault of males.
Main research is on wide-bandgap semiconductor optoelectronics.
Main residence features spacious open floor plan.
Main resources are good soils and timber.
Main responsibilities are to recruit a class chair for each class year.
Main responsibilities involve sales force management and display.
Main responsibilities is to improve overall plant process, things like fixtures and automation.
Main responsibility includes manufacturing quality system, line process flow.
Main responsibility is analysis of cell samples for indicators of disease.
Main responsibility is to provide quality ongoing support to active match participants.
Main responsibility is to safely transport campers to and from off campus activities.
Main restaurant serves international buffets.
Main restaurant serves theme buffets.
Main risk is from herbicide-resistant crops .
Main risk is to fetus from infection in pregnancy.
A main road is a road
Main roads are good, and public transport is punctual, efficient, and comfortable.
Main roads are good, and secondary roads are adequate.
Main roads are good.
Main roads are in good condition, but can be curvy with little or no shoulder.
Main roads are quite good and rail and air services operate within reasonable parameters.
Main roads can accommodate buses and recreational vehicles.
Main roads open summer and fall as weather permits.
Main roads remain busy during the day.
Main roads take priority, then arterial streets, then neighborhood streets.
All main roads are in a good condition and generally speaking traffic is light.
All main roads are normally accessible to passenger cars except during heavy winter storms.
Most main roads are in good condition but they are narrow and winding.
Most main roads operate with a toll system.
Main roadways have bike lanes.
Main role is in charge of testing imported and domestic meat for antimicrobial resistant bacteria.
Main role is to advise and assist with spiritual needs of patients and families.
Main room is huge and mainly industrial, second room is dark and gothic.
Main room Stepping through the portal is like a trip into fantasyland.
All main rooms are on one floor.
All main rooms enjoy quality views.
All main rooms have ceiling fans.
Every main room has three-way sunlight and ventilation, leaving no dark corners.
Main routine does a few simple motions, but shows how to add additional behaviors.
Main salon has a round shaped settee that converts to provide a queen berth using the hi-lo table.
Main salon has L-shaped dinette to port which converts to double berth.
Main salon has L-shaped settee to port with small fixed table and single settee to starboard.
Main salon has single on port side and double on starboard side.
Main saloon has convertable dinette to port, settee starboard, galley space is aft to port.
Main savings are in site costs, office overhead, and labor costs.
Main scholarships are as follows.
Main screen is fairly attractive. .
Main screen is fairly attractive.
Main screen is shown but a space appears on the screen.
Main screen turn on.
Main section is alphabetical, followed by listings by investment objective and specialty.
Main section is arranged alphabetically by country.
Main section is the English vocabulary, with equivalents in other languages following.
Main section lists companies and their facilities by location.
Main sections are in Orange , sub sections are in Blue , sub-sub sections are in Grey .
Main sections incorporate hypertext links for ease of use.
Main sequence lifetimes ii.
Main sequence stars vs.
Main server is ok.
All main services are available in the vicinity for connection.
All main services are free for job seekers.
Main set consists of a subject index.
Main setting are two dimensional image analysis and density estimation.
Main shaft is known as the rachis with the portion within the feather follicle known as the calamus.
Main shortcomings are with ghosting and flare when sun is just out of picture.
Main site contains many useful links.
Main site has other interesting links.
Main site is here .
Main site uses frames.
All main sites are accessible for people with special needs.
Main skill is tackling, does it very well.
Main slope can get a little exposed to the winds, but on a good day has great views.
Main sound is from conveyor into burner, loud motor revving.
Main source is bats and birds.
Main sources are fees, donations, and subsidies.
Main sources are Madagascar, Burma, Brazil and China.
Main sources are United States, Switzerland, Thailand and China.
All main sources tend to be underestimates of the real level of activity for a variety of reasons.
Main span is the longest distance between the two main supports.
Main span means the distance between centerlines of double-pier supports.
Some main speakers have large powered subwoofers built in, making a separate subwoofer unnecessary.
Main species are hydrogen and argon from the plasma, water and related fragments.
Main sphere is migration issues.
Main sponsors can receive three complimentary workshop passes.
Main stacks are in the basement, and on the second, third, and fourth floors.
Main stage plays and musicals.
Main staples are juicy fruits and leafy green vegetables.
Main stem is stunted.
Main stems are thick with straight single wings and moderate purple pigmentation.
Main stream is oriented supporting CARNet related documents and software distributions.
A main street is a street
Main street becomes crowded on weekends and holidays.
Main street connects the East and West parts of the city.
Main street does.
Main street features a row of antique and specialty shops, down home dining, and historic buildings.
Main street has steeple-like clock tower.
Main street is about five blocks west of the old gas station and post office.
Main street is all of three blocks.
Main street is bookended by a community college to the south and a government center to the north.
Main street is lined with antique, craft and many specialty shops, along with fine Kentucky dining.
Main street is lined with boutiques, cafes, taverns, stationers and gift shops.
Main street is made up of block after block of small shops, boutiques, and restaurants.
Main street is mentioned as running at an angle of nineteen degrees east of the magnetic meridian.
Main street is pedestrian mall during business hours.
Main street is the shortest in town.
Main street runs for four blocks.
Main streets are highly traveled streets.
Main streets are streets.
Main streets are towns.
Main streets are usually broad with a relatively high level of activity.
Main streets have good transit service and are convenient locations for apartments and town homes.
Some main streets have English signs.
Main structure is comprised of steel weldments primed and painted using two-part epoxy paint.
Main styles are tiger and monkey boxing.
Main subject is technical safety in transport of cryogenic liquid hydrogen.
Main subject is the development of methods and systems for diagnosis of industrial processes.
Main subjects are digital broadcasting and private wireless networks.
Main subjects are historical reliefs, the imperial image, and the funerary art of private patrons.
Main subjects are the diagnostic and therapeutic use of radiation in medicine.
Main subjects operate on quotas which are confirmed and checked annually.
All main subjects includes hands-on, experiential training.
Main suite is upstairs with outside balcony.
Main suppliers are Germany, China and Japan as well as other Asian countries.
Main suppliers are the United States, Malaysia, and Australia.
Main support contains handles to allow personnel to handle the unit.
Main surface features mountain chains, peaks.
Main suspects are cold noodles, raw cow's liver and undercooked hamburger.
Main swirl is surrounded by heavy cloud regions.
Main switch is behind the front door.
Main symptom is a constant watery eye.
Main symptom is itchy eyes.
Main symptom is pinkness of the white parts of the eyes.
Main symptoms are high fever, intensive pain and perianal tumor.
Main symptoms are paralysis of eye movements, difficulty in speaking, rigidity, and senility.
Main target is the quiet sun, where most of the studies discussed above have been performed.
Main targets are development and support of hydrogen technology.
Main targets are mesoscopic and nanometer scale composite materials.
Main tasks are patient care, research and education.
Main theme are wildlife habitats - forests, fields and wetlands.
Main theme begins the lassu .
Main theme is children-related.
Main theme is choices.
Main theme is electro-acoustic music and live electronics.
Main theme is enthusiasm and excitement.
Main theme is Japanese beautiful scenery, especially of a historical city Kyoto.
Main theme is recovery and clean and sober bikers.
Main theme is that business needs to change from taking to borrowing - lineal to circular thinking.
Main themes are animals, pets and babies.
Main themes are cultural contact and the growth of states and peoples.
Main themes are human settlements, human rights, environment and capacity building.
Main themes are what to do, how to do it, and how to keep it interesting.
Main thing is keep up with the homework.
Main thing is the engine.
Main thing is the teaming, sort of a school within a school.
Main thing is to get the crystal to oscillate.
Main thing is to look for the cities where packaged.
Main threats appear to be large hail and damaging winds.
Main threats are changes in woodland management and land drainage.
Main threats are excessive hunting and habitat destruction.
Main thrust is funny.
Main thrust is suppose to move the audience emotionally.
Main thrust is to amuse.
Main timer can also trigger several feeders simultaneously.
Main titles appear over action.
Main topic appears to be the business side of tree growing.
Main topic covered in clinical lectures is fevers.
Main topic is differential and integral calculus and applica- tions.
Main topic is experimental aircraft.
Main topic is religious tolerance.
Main topic is, of course, Computing in Japan .
Main topics are abductive reasoning, chronicles learning, diagnoser building.
Main topics are amateur science, weird science, and cool science.
Main topics are history and culture of Spain and Latin America.
Main topics are network sensing and network management.
Main topics are nonlinear behaviour of materials and damage caused by inelastic effects.
Main topics are sample size and use of cluster sampling.
Main topics are the highest level within a conference.
Main topics are the study the effects of friction and wear of such molecular carpets.
Main topics break down into sub- categories and then to articles.
Main topics treated in each linked issue appear along with the newsletter date and issue number.
All main topics are in blue.
Main topsail is Constitution's largest sail.
Main tower is vertical.
Some men simply enjoy barebacking better, and think that barebacking is worth the risk.
Some men simply hate using condoms.
Some men sing songs.
Some men sit and nurse a drink all night and never ask anyone to dance.
Some men sit in chairs.
Some men sit in fronts.
Some men sit on horses.
Some men sit on stools.
Some men skip the tests and end up regretting it.
Some men sleep in alleys.
Some men sleep with mothers.
Some men smoke marijuana.
Some men smoke pot and appear to be high.
Some men sow to the flesh in pot-houses and among lewd fellows.
Some men spend hours collecting and viewing pornography.
Some men squeeze another man's head in a primitive vice-like mechanism.
Some men stand apart as highly effective fathers.
Some men stand in courtyards.
Some men stand in fronts.
Some men stand on chairs.
Some men stand on corners.
Some men stand on platforms.
Some men stand, unable to sleep like the rest.
Some men start business.
Some men start like a house on fire, later losing interest.
Some men start talking.
Some men stay at historical mansions.
Some men stay at mansions.
Some men steal animals.
Some men steal cattle.
Some men steal horses.
Some men still believe that women want to be forced to have sex.
Some men still deny that they are really inflicting pain on women.
Some men still wish that day had never eventuated.
Some men stop having sex because they are depressed.
Some men struggle with each other trying to get to some discovered gold.
Some men study hamsters.
Some men study lizards.
Some men study monkeys.
Some men study pigs.
Some men submit samples.
Some men submit semen samples.
Some men submit shots out of revenge on a former partner.
Some men succeed because they are destined to, but most because they are determined to.
Some men suffer allergic reaction.
Some men suffer burns.
Some men suffer combat injuries.
Some men suffer damage reputations.
Some men suffer from cancer.
Some men suffer from disability.
Some men suffer from diseases.
Some men suffer from epilepsy.
Some men suffer from infertility.
Some men suffer from injuries.
Some men suffer from mental disability.
Some men suffer from nervous diseases.
Some men suffer injuries.
Some men suffer massive allergic reaction.
Some men suffer pain for many years following the procedure.
Some men suffer paralyze injuries.
Some men suffer reaction.
Some men suffer reputations.
Some men suffer severe symptoms whilst others suffer only minor symptoms or nothing at all.
Some men survive attacks.
Some men survive avalanches.
Some men survive disasters.
Some men survive flight.
Some men survive for many years with the disease and never develop symptoms.
Some men swam away forever in search of the ship or the imagined islands.
Some men take big shot.
Some men take gingkoes.
Some men take intelligence tests.
Some men take life.
Some men take over laboratories.
Some men take personal defoliation lightly.
Some men take places.
Some men take possessions.
Some men take pride.
Some men take reins.
Some men take shot.
Some men take tests.
Some men take the long route and some take the short route.
Some men take the news well, some grudgingly, some angrily.
Some men take their sports very seriously.
Some men take titles.
Some men talk 'cause they got somethin' to say.
Some men talk to their parish priest or another priest they know well.
Some men talk.
Some men teach grandfathers.
Some men teach great grandfathers.
Some men think a green-eyed woman is exotic.
Some men think all woman are sex objects.
Some men think it's impolite to extend their hand to a woman for a handshake.
Some men think it's impressive to lift towering stacks of weights or compete in triathlons.
Some men think that drinking heavily or dressing provocatively are an invitation to sex.
Some men think that's really sexy.
Some men think they are capable of prolonguing the arousal.
Some men think they are entitled to sex minus any responsibilities.
Some men think they'll get 'dumped' on, especially by a female counselor.
Some men touch globes.
Some men travel to territory.
Some men treat women.
Some men try to demonstrate their love by showing physical affection to their wives.
Some men try, many fall, and most of the rest just simply fail.
Some men turn backs.
Some men turn their backs on their children.
Some men turn to cosmetic surgery for a solution.
Some men turn to other males for advice, guidance, and social support.
Some men undergo cancer treatments.
Some men undergo profound transformation.
Some men undergo transformation.
Some men undergo treatments.
Some men undergo variation.
Some men underrate their best blessings.
Some men understand principles.
Some men use a combination of all three drugs.
Some men use a stun gun to stun and capture another man.
Some men use axes.
Some men use backhoes.
Some men use bulbs.
Some men use cameras.
Some men use cigarettes.
Some men use drugs or numbing ointments to make penetration easier.
Some men use fists.
Some men use guns.
Some men use nuts.
Some men use senses.
Some men use sex as a distancer.
Some men use smoke.
Some men use straw.
Some men use thread.
Some men use very linear thought processes.
Some men view pornography.
Some men visit banks.
Some men visit dentists.
Some men visit prostitutes before going home to their wives, whom they often infect.
Some men visit sperm banks.
Some men wage war and endure hardship, privation and suffering to attain their objectives.
Some men wage war and endure untold hardship, privation and suffering to attain their objectives.
Some men wait a lifetime to cross the line.
Some men wait for brides.
Some men walk as children of the devil, for they walk after the flesh, after the serpent nature.
Some men walk down staircases.
Some men walk down streets.
Some men walk in darkness while other men walk in light.
Some men walk into bars.
Some men walk into offices.
Some men watch chickens.
Some men watch porno films because they love to watch two men and a woman.
Some men watch sheep.
Some men watch squirrels.
Some men wear a white skullcap or an embroidered version.
Some men wear armor.
Some men wear boots.
Some men wear bracelets.
Some men wear brown boots.
Some men wear brown leather boots.
Some men wear caps instead of helmets.
Some men wear cloaks.
Some men wear fanny packs or carry purses.
Some men wear heavy cloaks.
Some men wear jackets.
Some men wear leather boots.
Some men wear life jackets.
Some men wear makeup.
Some men wear military uniforms.
Some men wear rubber sandals.
Some men wear sandals.
Some men wear suits and ties, while others wear just a suit coat or a sweater.
Some men wear tunics.
Some men wear uniforms.
Some men wear white dress shoes, others wear leather sandals.
Some men wear white garments as a symbol of purity.
Some men wear white tunics.
Some men wield swords.
Some men wish to destroy their consciences.
Some men work for contractors.
Some men work in fields.
Some men work in restaurants.
Some men work with animals.
Some men work with chickens.
Some men work with dogs.
Some men work with horses.
Some men work with lions.
Some men work with pigs.
Some men worry about telephones, too.
Some men worry for nothing.
Some men worry that their orgasms become less powerful with age.
Some men write books.
Some men write poems about the object of their affections.
Manage editors discuss stories.
Manage editors work for magazines.
Manageable areas make sail and halyard winches optional.
Manageable chunks can help provide social control and thus crime control.
Manageable collaborations strike a balance between breadth and depth of membership.
Manageable fear acts as the fuel for improvement.
Manageable threats allow creative tension without imagination-crimping fear.
Management accountants analyze the financial information of the companies for which they work.
Management accountants assume that variable costs are constant in the short term.
Management accountants have a dual reporting relationship.
Management accountants provide information and advice for the purposes of planning and control.
Management accountants work for corporations.
Management accounting includes preparation of budget and cost data for managerial reporting.
Management accounting is an applied discipline used in various industries.
Management accounting is the opposite in some ways.
Management accounting is very different from financial accounting.
Management activities enhance development.
Management analyst is the term used for people who work for government agencies.
Management approaches offer options.
Every management audit is different.
Management buyouts represent the opportunity of a lifetime.
Management consultancies tend to pay considerably more than the quoted ranges.
Management consultancy spans a wide range of activities and expertise.
Most management consultancies achieve what the organisation wanted, and often much more besides.
A management consultant is a consultant
Management consultants are advisers.
Management consultants are no exception.
Management consultants are often more expensive by at least a factor of two.
Management consultants are typically well educated and technology friendly.
Management consultants can be excellent sources of advice and information on an occasional basis.
Management Consultants collect, review and analyze information.
Management consultants offers organizational development services.
Management consultants work in small teams for long hours over extended periods of time.
Most management consultants start here with a new client.
Management contracts are often a first step in privatizing water and sanitation systems.
Management contracts range in length from one to five years in term.
Management control is delegated to teams at all levels of the organization.
Management control is even more relaxed.
Management control is internal control
Management control is internal control.
Management control is key.
Management control plays the vital role of translating strategies into actions, operations.
Management controls span the whole gamut of management activities.
Management decisions include harvest regulations.
Management decisions include regulations.
Management decisions include set harvest regulations.
Management development is a central feature of organizational development.
Management education deals with issues in economics, politics, psychology, sociology, etc.
Management education is an industry.
Management fads are a bit different.
Management fees are annual charges to administer the fund.
Management fees are at hourly rates.
Management fees are competitive.
Management fees are non-negotiable.
Management fees are often prohibitive when contracting for long-term investing.
Management fees are payable quarterly in advance.
Management fees are tax-deductible as the services provided are bona fide.
Management fees are usually extremely low.
Management fees can be high.
Management fees create a real drag on investment returns.
Management fees pay for fund manager salaries.
Management fees vary depending on the amount invested and the particular mutual fund company.
Management fees vary from fund to fund.
Management fees vary greatly depending on facilities provided by the individual complex eg.
All Management fees are due and payable at the time the client receives such notice from Merit.
All management fees have a sliding scale that declines as the dollar amount of assets rises.
Management games offer fans a chance to do things their way and see if they can do any better.
Management information is comprehensive and accurate.
Management information is data used internally by the system to control the gathering process.
Management information is kept for later analysis and use.
Management information is the framework tying together business decision makers in an organization.
Management information needed for the evaluation is specified below.
All management information is available via a secure web interface in real time.
Management interface supports file uploads for text objects as well as image or file objects.
Management levels are of particular importance for the transition.
Management objectives are primarily for waterfowl and neotropical migrants.
Management of changes is focused on the development of common interfaces.
Management of dehydration is especially important.
Management of schizophrenia is complicated by high rates of relapse.
Management of technologies is a major issue for business.
Management processes are of low performance and costs-ineffective.
Management reports allow companies to better track their expenses and allocate costs.
Management reports are also computerized and can be generated regularly with little effort.
Management reports are available to customers who require call activity analysis.
Management reports are available.
Management reports are just the tip of the iceberg.
Management reports are wonderful planning tools.
Management reports cover complete customer history, product and service sales and past due accounts.
Management Reports help to identify fraudulent, excessive and repetitive claims.
Management reports lead to decisions about how to improve performance.
Management reports provide timely information instantly based on the most up to date information.
Management reports reflect what happens at each step of the process.
Management reports show the overall utilization of all resources as well as by individual customers.
Management review is used to check progress and to make any necessary changes to the system.
Management reviews are independent reviews of program effectiveness and management processes.
Management reviews become strategic in nature rather than tactical.
Management reviews feedback daily in an effort to improve our performance.
Management reviews help ensure the accuracy and relevance of variance explanations.
Management schools teach courses on the subject to their students.
Many management schools teach deadlines and accountabilities.
Management science applies the methods and tools of science to management decision making.
Management science Assess the impact of Deming quality circles.
Management science is included.
Management scientists use scenarios for strategic decision-making.
Management simulations are one of the most innovative methods in teaching business.
Management skill is a crucial factor in successful sustainable farms.
Management skill is of course a major determinig factor in productivity.
Management skills are a plus.
Management skills are critical, but they are readily available in today's workplace.
Management skills are crucial for the UK biotech industry as it grows.
Management skills are equally critical.
Management skills are essential to leadership and central to our programs.
Management skills are in highest demand.
Management skills are leadership skills.
Management skills are more important than ever.
Management skills are more valuable than ever.
Management skills are the mechanical requirements of leadership.
Management skills are valuable in business no matter what the major field selected.
Management skills call for high control and measurability of performance.
Management skills can influence the generation interval and selection intensity.
Management skills ensure a consistent, efficient, and profitable workplace.
Management skills provide insight and creative solutions to credit and collection problems.
Some management skills relate to maintenance.
Management software allows for roaming between base stations.
Management software can also send requests to set values for certain variables.
Management software can help reduce operating costs.
Management software can reduce the problem.
Management software can reset the counters by storing a zero in the object.
Management software can then query the PC and store the returned information in a database.
Management software comes as standard and there's support for remote management via a modem.
Management software helps organize scheduling and communications in a shared environment.
Management software is arguably one of the hottest areas of innovation in high technology today.
Management software is provided.
Management strategies are long-term and comprehensive.
Management strategies are quite compatible with the needs of grassland bird species.
Management strategies attempt to prevent bison from commingling with cattle.
Management strategies can help reverse the declining numbers.
Management strategies depend on status.
Management Strategies Heading up a team can be tough stuff.
Management strategies vary across and within the public land management agencies.
Management strategy is crucial because the test is timed.
Any management strategy comes with a degree of uncertainty.
Most management strategies depend on status.
Some management strategies are used by birds.
Some management strategies enhance growth.
Some management strategies improve health.
Management studies involve a consideration of factors that affect how an organisation performs.
Management study can be very hard work but extremely stimulating and rewarding.
Management style can be intuitive or analytical.
Management style has a reputation for being relatively risk-averse.
Management style is also important.
Management style is informal, professional, adept no problem remains a problem for long.
Management style is the key to developing and maintaining productive employees.
Management style Let the employee know what to expect in terms of the supervisor's management style.
Management styles come and go, profit or loss is always there.
Management styles serve to encourage or discourage a sharing of knowledge.
Every management style establishes a certain set of employee expectations.
Management system controls.
Management systems are available.
Management systems are systems.
Management systems ensure healthy load factors and efficient control of overseas costs.
Many management systems come up short because they focus too narrowly on measurements and results.
Most management systems implement only a part or subset of network management.
Management team has a clear vision and defensible business strategy.
Management team has extensive experience in insurance claims handling and manufacturing.
Management team is headed by personnel experienced in information and Internet technology.
Management teams are structured to provide the highest level of service for our clients.
Management teams assume responsibility.
Management teams come and go.
Management teams have business.
Management teams have sustainable business.
Management teams lose sight of the customer.
Management teams quit.
All management teams have uneven experience.
Many management teams have no formal training.
Most management teams assume responsibility.
Most management teams have business.
Most management teams have sustainable business.
Some management teams demonstrate advantage.
Some management teams demonstrate competitive advantage.
Some management teams expect very little in terms of metrics.
Management techniques improve conditions.
Management theorists are keen to explain how to deal with 'work overload'.
Management theory defines value as performance divided by price.
Management theory is in a very vibrant period and change is taking place very rapidly.
Management today is a global undertaking.
Management today is a science, after all.
Management today is about managing change.
Management training is an essential ingredient of the economic success.
Management training is available within the first two years.
Management training is eligible.
Management training is for all levels of supervision and management.
Management training ranges from the mundane to the exotic.
Management training reinforces the relationship between workers and supervisors.
More management training is needed.
Management accomplishes objectives through the efforts of many people.
Management Accounts to date.
Management acts immediately on each complaint of workplace violence.
Management affects quality.
Management agree exploratory trawl for volunteers.
Management agrees to ensure prompt abatement of unsafe and unhealthy working conditions.
Management agrees to make every effort to re-rent the rooms involved.
Management agrees to operate an effective program that meets established criteria.
Management agrees to provide a typewriter in the lounge area for correctional officers.
Management agrees to provide copies of such plans.
Management agrees to record and to have the summary typed.
Management aims to increase orders for architectural projects.
Management aims toward gradual change.
Management also becomes more challenging with expansion.
Management also believes in distributed responsibility.
Match plays are a funny sort of game.
Match racing has a different set of rules and is run on shorter courses.
A match is an ignitor
Match applicants to open jobs and automatically convert new-hires to employees.
Match aptitudes to employment area.
Match aptitudes to job area.
Match begins with a few shoves.
Match bow length and weight to the height and strength of the participant.
Match breaks down a bit.
Match dlls to products.
Match ends and tape two of the legs together.
Match ends without a winner.
Match enzymes with their substrates and products.
Match fixing is on everyone's mind.
Match flows within the manufacturing process.
Match is at our home pitch in Hawthorne.
Match is hot.
Match is point sparring best out of five.
Match lasts three seconds, and out comes HHH with a sledgehammer, match is a DQ, call for the bell.
Match learning needs to teaching style.
Match leaves with plant names.
Match localizes mirror sites.
Match marks the first-ever meeting between the two schools.
Match needs with qualifications and availability.
Match objects to construct an equivalent set.
Match objects with similar textures.
Match occurs after the battle royal match.
Match offers to risk level.
Match pegs to the weight and size of cloth.
Match pillows with the fabric of curtains or spreads.
Match play for all conditions.
Match play in a fun, spirited, team competition.
Match sounds from movies or songs.
Match sounds of words.
Match sounds to each alphabet letter.
Match sounds with letters.
Match specimens to correct names on an answer sheet.
Match starts before the bell rings.
Match tells which element to use as the file name.
Match wits the the high priestess of hilarity.
Matches achievements an skills to job requirements.
Matches are also very important.
Matches are automatically determined and respective parties are electronically notified.
Matches are based on age and weight .
Matches are based on age and weight.
Matches are best of five games.
Matches are best two out of three games.
Matches are case insensitive.
Matches are case-insensitive.
Matches are case-sensitive.
Matches are complete and coordinate dress, bags and shoes.
Matches are easier to find among siblings.
Matches are essential for lighting fires whether the fire is lit to keep warm or to signal with.
Matches are every other weekend.
Matches are exciting and interesting.
Matches are first without, then with parent names.
Matches are generally sensible.
Matches are lines in the membership list which contain all the box entries.
Matches are more likely to vary by year, usually tied to company profits.
Matches are on a knock-out basis.
Matches are one hour or one hour ten minutes long.
Matches are one of our recent inventions, and one of the most important to trade.
Matches are open to the public.
Matches are over five boards, are graded and played with clocks.
Matches are played with other cities and travel is required.
Matches are rapid-fire, question and answer format.
Matches are simply a measure of improvement.
Matches are sold in multiples , packaged together either in a box , or in matchbooks .
Matches are sold in multiples, packaged together either in a box, or in matchbooks.
Matches are spectacular, bright, dependable, and unique.
Matches are the total filled positions within an institution.
Matches are to be arranged by the teams involved.
Matches are to be played in order listed.
Matches are usually five games.
Matches are usually on the weekends.
Matches bangle above.
Matches become nothing but a series crazy moves.
Matches begin at noon.
Matches begin in the ring but finish in parking lots.
Matches begin on the hour.
Matches can be cash or in-kind services.
Matches can be for one fall or for the best of three falls, sometimes even the best of five falls.
Matches can be pictures of activities with corresponding words, picture to picture, or word to word.
Matches can be to any number of points, although traditionally the lengths are odd.
Matches Can burn and start fires.
Matches can go on for minutes, hours or days, depending upon the sport.
Matches can imply that an additional category is assumed.
Matches can last for as short a period as three months or as long as three years.
Matches can last from a few seconds to a few minutes.
Matches can last until a child graduates from high school.
Matches can start later if both captains agree.
Matches can turn around quickly.
Matches can turn within a minute.
Matches come in boxes.
Matches come up and often include links to the rental communities' Web sites.
Matches consist of a minimum of four games.
Matches consist of best of three sets.
Matches consist of three doubles positions.
Matches consist of two games of doubles, one played at home and the other away.
Matches consist of two singles positions and three doubles positions.
Matches consists of the best of three sets.
Matches continue until there is one winner.
Matches costs with the useful life of the equipment.
Matches crosspeaks to one or more pairs of shifts.
Matches depend on the professional interests and focus of the given participant.
Matches diagram and change list.
Matches do many different things together, depending on their interests.
Matches end when one contestant tries to flee or gets tossed around hopelessly by the other.
Matches face pin above.
Matches fully overlap one another.
Matches generate revenue and the clubs, who play more games, are making more and more of it.
Matches go on all day as the diligent staff works to put together players interested in games.
Matches golfer above.
Matches insolently burn out, just a moment too soon to be usable.
Matches last a total of fourteen minutes and are divided into two seven minute halves.
Matches last up to five days and a series normally consists of three to five matches.
Matches make great close-ups.
Matches meet once per week for one hour at a school or site.
Matches needs in specific situations with the functions and applications of emerging technologies.
Matches occur in the evenings throughout week and weekend.
Matches only work if they are dry.
Matches pin above.
Matches pitting the two regularly draw huge crowds.
Matches Provides a constantly-updated view of the current matches.
Matches provides conceptual process and cost engineering for process development and improvement.
Matches pump, pumps, pumping, airpump, etc.
Matches resumes to jobs.
Matches resumes with job opportunities.
Matches schedule for days with poor weather can move indoors without trouble.
Matches shellfish, fish, white meat and goat cheese.
Matches shellfish, seafood, fish, white meat and soft cheese.
Matches start at noon.
Matches start on the hour.
Matches still don t run themselves.
Matches take place in a standard wrestling ring, complete with bouncy floor and rubber ropes.
Matches take place on selected weekends and also during the week.
Matches take the form of 'triangulars', where the home team host two visiting teams for the day.
Matches tend to get blown out by the gas from the torch.
Matches using yari offer the combatant a very demanding, fast and realistic fight.
Matches view of camera lens.
Matches View our stock ink colors.
Matches work well.
Matches workout together twice a week and attend group workouts twice a month.
Matches xyz to the end of the line.
Matchs are capable of competition.
Matchs are contests.
Matchs are duplicates.
Matchs are lighters.
Matchs are located in backpacks.
Matchs are located in boxs.
Matchs are scores.
Matchs are sports events.
Matchs are used for fire.
Matchs are utensils.
Matchs cause fire.
Matchs cause friction.
Matches always involve two teams one playing away and one at home.
Matches usually consist of the best of three or five games.
Matches usually consist of three games, one hour in length.
All matches are a pro set, the first player to win eight games wins the match.
All matches are away.
All matches are best of five games.
All matches are 'Best of three'.
All matches are brief highlights, ranging from a few minutes of action to a few seconds.
All matches are case insensitive.
All matches are confidential.
All matches are for men and women, unless otherwise noted.
All matches are for one academic year.
All matches are free of charge and open to the public.
All matches are friendlies unless stated otherwise.
All matches are individualized or 'tailor fitted' to the particular job tasks.
All matches are local.
All matches are match play.
All matches are on the road.
All matches are open to spectators at no charge.
All matches are open to the public and free.
All matches are open to the public.
All matches are singles, starting in round-robin groups for different ages.
All matches are southern division conference matches.
All matches are subject to change without notice.
All matches are the best of three tie break sets.
All matches are then nine holes, first round before lunch, last two rounds in the afternoon.
All matches are to be played in the most stable environment available at the time.
All matches are to be rated unless otherwise agreed upon by both players.
All matches are tri-matches against two other schools.
All matches are worth one point and in the event of a halved match each side gets one-half point.
All matches conclude today.
All matches consist of the best two out of three games.
All matches currently listed are tentative.
All matches here are dowry-free.
All matches is the standard search.
All matches occur in any of seven different diabolical arenas, studded with traps and hazards.
All matches take place on the home pitch of the highest seed.
All matches use an OR function.
Any match involving any date or any two people is enough to create a coincidence.
Any match is extraordinary.
Any match playing a whole round is entitled to pass a match playing a shorter round.
Any match rejects the incoming mail.
Every match becomes a critical judgment of the England coach.
Every match has a specific set of rules in gun handling.
Every match has interviews before and after it.
Every match has it's own problems to solve.
Every match here is a finals match.
Every match is a fight, especially on the road.
Every match is a fresh start.
Every match is a natural, but some are amazing.
Every match is an adventure.
Every match is equal.
Every match is important.
Every match is like opening a door into a new room.
Every match is made from a public survey.
Every match is proceeded by a sight-in and practice time.
Every match is tough.
Every match is very similar.
Every match needs to be completed during the week it is scheduled.
Every match receives a unique number, that has to be used for continuation.
Every match turns into complete joyful chaos.
Many matches are excerpts from articles, but some potentially useful sources turn up.
Many matches are great in anticipation, but few are remembered as great.
Many matches continue longer than the required six months.
More matches mean more clear ups, more criminals caught and less crime.
More matches means better persistency.
Most matches are about six minutes.
Most matches are best two out of three, some are three out of five.
Most matches come to an end at some point.
Most matches end up on the floor, with two guys beating the crap out of each other.
Most matches last more than a year and have even developed into lasting adult friendships.
Most matches start with weapons in the ring.
Most matches wins.
Some matches allow the use of optics and scopes, others impose additional restrictions.
Some matches are less likely to succeed than others.
Some matches are still irrelevant but in general the links are useful.
Some matches contain chromates.
Some matches continue for years, but for others a year is sufficient.
Some matches have no meaning though.
All matchbook orders incur a one time set-up charge.
A matchbook is a folder
Matchbooks are for people who like to live on the edge.
Matchbox cars are a favorite collectible.
Matchbox cars are also in high demand.
A matchbox is a box
Matchbox isa box.
Matchboxes are best.
Matchboxs have (part) sections.
Matched color uses a designated ink color.
Matched colors are mixed and applied with a good brush on a well cleaned surface.
Matched colors disappear, and blocks then fall and make more matches and chain reactions.
Matched components give years of trouble free use.
Matched funds become available to an individual employee according to a company's vesting schedule.
Matched funds can be in the form of cash or in-kind services such as faculty time and supplies.
Matched impedances give maximum power transfer.
Matched mold die.
Matched patterns can be very small, or they can represent whole objects of interest.
Matched pieces can remain on the board, and the program can swap pieces after every failed guess.
Matched sets are a particular specialty, for the romantically inclined.
Matched Sets Find a set to match the number of windows in the room.
Matched sets have separate coping and sticking cutters.
Most matched sets have one pristine badge and the other with heavy wear.
Matched speeds are important.
Matched stripes indicate better quality, but also improve the appearance of the garment.
Matched vinyl is used on the back, and untouched areas.
Matchless model has a push button piezo ignitor system.
Matchless option has a push button piezo ignitor system.
A matchmaker is an intermediary
Matchmakers are in charge of helping customers find the right pet for their home.
Matchmakers are mediators.
Matchmakers gain an appreciation for the individuality and uniqueness of each person in their group.
Matchmakers have an advantage.
Matchmakers is a video dating service.
Matchmakers offer a great value for the investment to a small company seeking new markets.
Matchmakers save singles time, and often money, over dating services.
Most matchmakers limit business plans to two to four pages.
Some matchmakers act as intermediaries until the time the couple decides to marry.
A matchstick is a stick
Matchstick isa implement.
Matchsticks have (part) sections.
Matchsticks Remove two matchsticks to make two squares remain.
Mate behavior follows general patterns.
Mate behavior follows patterns.
Mate behavior has characteristics.
Mate behavior has key characteristics.
Most mate behavior follows general patterns.
Most mate behavior follows patterns.
Most mate behavior has characteristics.
Most mate behavior has key characteristics.
Mate behaviour leads researchers.
Most mate behaviour leads researchers.
Mate choice increases a component of offspring fitness in fruit flies.
Mate choice is also a key element of mating systems.
Mate choice is highly visible in lek mating .
Mate choice is ultimately up to the hen, but males choose which hens they court.
Mate choice turns cognitive.
Some mate choices aid reproductive success.
Mates of state give a song that is up beat and happy with a triumphant feeling to it.
Mate pairs are the sequenced ends of inserts that actually make up the scaffolds.
Most mate pairs are reliable landmarks-they stick together and remain the same distance apart.
Mate quality affects offspring sex ratio in blue tits.
Mate seasons affect growth.
Mate seasons last for months.
Mate seasons last for several weeks.
Mate seasons last for weeks.
Mate seasons occur during months.
Mate seasons occur during winter months.
Most mate seasons affect growth.
Most mate seasons occur during months.
Most mate seasons occur during winter months.
Mate selection begins in late winter with several males vying for the favour of a single female.
Mate selection is up to the female, and it is the females that compete for the males.
Mate selection works statistically and on an evolutionary time-scale.
Mate tea is also of value in large doses.
A mate is an officer
Mate attempts to become the first scientist to implant a satellite tag into a sperm whale.
Mate contains numerous vitamins and minerals.
Mate cows second.
Mate feels totally accepted and loved as is.
Mate is outside on museum track.
Mate isa animal.
Mate isa beast.
Mate isa creature.
Mate never answers.
Mate stop with an mini helmets.
Mate stop with an spalding tour forged irons.
Mate wipe a hammer in any pale vibrating panties.
Mates affect productivity.
Mates also communicate with nose pointing and body vibrations.
Mates also supervise and coordinate activities for the crew aboard the ship.
Mates also use a non-fat dry milk powder.
Mates are able to quickly identify the sounds of their partner.
Mates are animals.
Mates are beverages.
Mates are fiercely loyal to each other.
Mates are found prior to arriving at the colonies, and mating takes place at sea.
Mates are friends.
Mates are hollies.
Mates are memory.
Mates are officers.
Mates are software.
Mates attract by producing squealing and clicking calls.
Mates become fathers.
Mates bring food.
Mates can produce babies with higher stats if both mates have high stats.
Mates defend their territory during breeding and sing territorial songs.
Mates depend on tips to augment their income.
Mates find each other by means of strong scent marks left by anal glands.
Mates find food.
Mates follow patterns.
Mates follow routes.
Mates follow seasonal breed patterns.
Mates follow seasonal patterns.
Mates give birth to offspring.
Mates have (part) brains.
Mates have (part) cell membranes.
Mates have (part) cells.
Mates have (part) corpi.
Mates have (part) cytoplasm.
Mates have (part) ears.
Mates have (part) faces.
Mates have (part) heads.
Mates have (part) nuclei.
Mates have (part) plasma membranes.
Mates have (part) sections.
Mates have (part) skulls.
Mates have (part) vacuoles.
Mates have more advanced training.
Mates Here is the herald, the spirited bearer of tiding.
Mates keep in contact.
Mates live in separate dens which are normally in close proximity.
Mates occur during periods.
Mates occur in environments.
Mates oversee the operation of the vessel and stand watch for part of the day.
Mates pair up immediately upon females' arrival, and males guard mates against interloping birds.
Mates perform functions.
Mates produce male offspring.
Mates produce offspring.
Mates provide extensive paternal care in polyandrous relationships.
Mates say in statements.
Mates sire offspring.
Mates sit side by side and preen their partners.
Mates stay together about six weeks before to breed.
Mates stay together through the breeding season, often sit outside the burrow.
Mates supervise crew members engaged in maintenance and the primary up-keep of the vessel.
Mates typically stick together for the long run and become very devoted parents.
Mates usually breed in ponds when it is raining in the spring.
Mates usually work for very little or no salary.
All mates are first class and work for tips.
Many mates steak out the fish and then cut out the eyes of the steak.
Most mates affect productivity.
Most mates become fathers.
Most mates bring food.
Most mates find food.
Most mates follow patterns.
Most mates follow routes.
Most mates follow seasonal breed patterns.
Most mates follow seasonal patterns.
Most mates give birth to offspring.
Most mates have prior command of larger sailing vessels.
Most mates keep in contact.
Most mates occur during periods.
Most mates occur in environments.
Most mates perform functions.
Melatonin has roles.
Melatonin is a hormone
Melatonin is produced by glands.
Melatonin is produced by pineal glands.
Melatonin isa hormone.
Melatonin produces in glands.
Melatonin produces in pineal glands.
Melatonin produces in pituitary glands.
Melatonin promotes protection.
Most melatonin has effects.
Most melatonin has properties.
Most melatonin has roles.
Most melatonin is produced by glands.
Most melatonin is produced by pineal glands.
Most melatonin produces in glands.
Most melatonin produces in pineal glands.
Most melatonin produces in pituitary glands.
Some melatonin acts as hormones.
Some melatonin has functions.
Some melatonin has growth.
Some melatonin helps cellular metabolism.
Some melatonin helps metabolism.
Some melatonin is synthesized in glands.
Some melatonin is synthesized in pineal glands.
Some melatonin is synthesized in retinas.
Some melatonin is synthesized in vertebrate retinas.
Some melatonin reduces anxiety.
Some melatonin serves functions.
Some melatonin serves many necessary functions.
Melburnian fiction abounds.
MELD parents acquire enhanced skills to better access resources for themselves and others.
MELD programs bring parents with common needs together into groups that meet over two years.
Meld fra om alvorlige matreaksjoner.
Meld is rum
Melds can propel a partnership to victory even faster, or reverse the tide of the game.
Most melee weapons do their damage based on the base hand damage of the minion.
A melee is a disturbance
Melees can range from two or three on a side to hundreds on a side at the biggest of events.
A melena is dejection
Melena indicates the bleed is proximal to the ileocecal valve.
Melena is black droppings caused by bleeding high up in the digestive system.
Melena is the passage of black, tarry stools.
Melena suggests upper gastrointestinal bleeding, necessitating gastric aspiration for blood.
Melenas are fecal matter.
Melfor vinegar is a honey vinegar that is common in Alsace.
A meliorism is a belief
Meliorism is the optimistic doctrine that the world can be made better by human effort.
Meliorism seems to be the key purpose.
Melismatic passages end with a white note.
Melissa blues prefer dry ridges with tall-grass prairie biomes.
Melissa cream appears to be helpful in the treatment of genital and oral herpes.
Melissa creator admits guilt.
Mellifluous music accompanies each screen experience.
Mellow babies are more content looking and playing rather than getting up and going.
Mellow cheese ages four to seven months and has rich, full flavors with soft to semisoft textures.
Mellow jazz plays in the background, and the lighting is low, adding to a cozy feeling.
Mellow music adds to delightful spot to eat.
Mellow music is piped in.
Mellow rides are, for the most part, limited to the valley floor.
Mellow vanilla adds a touch of softness.
Mellow wine is offered to the guests just arrived.
Some melodic development suggests the contours of inner phrases of the chant.
Melodic dictation is introduced.
Melodic material is short, haunting, and reoccurs motivically.
Melodic material is tossed between the two performers sometimes in unexpected keys and moods.
Most melodic music is built around a basic structure of three chords.
Melodious birds sing madrigals.
Melodious phrases roll down with remarkable resonance.
Melodious recitation is pleasing to ones h earing and also assists in memorisation.
Melodious recitation is pleasing to ones hearing and also assists in memorisation.
Melodious recitation is pleasing to ones hearing and also assists in memorization.
Melody bells are optional.
Melody maker allows child to compose own tunes.
Melodies act as ring tones and can be assigned to specific contacts as well.
Melodies are almost always penratonic, i.e., they feature five-note scales.
Melodies are generally, however, highly lyrical.
Melodies are hymns, folk songs, spirituals, nursery tunes, carols, original.
Melodies are in alphabetical and chronological order, with composers, sources, variants, etc.
Melodies are linear sequences of tones.
Melodies are long and asymmetrical.
Melodies are longer, contain chromaticism and modulation.
Melodies are longer, more dramatic and emotional.
Melodies are often long and flowing.
Melodies are ornate and often make use of dramatic leaps.
Melodies are pretty, hooks gorgeous.
Melodies are richer, more flexible.
Melodies are romantically inclined, often impassioned with Irish lyricism or Spanish fervor.
Melodies are simple, diatonic, and motivic.
Melodies are stark and often slow.
Melodies are unforgettable, lyrics clever and meaningful.
Melodies are usually short and simple.
Melodies are very hard to write.
Melodies are wow.
Melodies can be in first position or high up the neck.
Melodies can be long and abstract or reduced to small gestures.
Melodies can pull a listener's attention away from the dialogue.
Melodies dance like wicked children.
Melodies drive the songs along the top of a catchy beat.
Melodies has echoes and vibratos etc.
Melodies have identifiable frameworks called melodic skeleton, outline, or structural melody.
Melodies is eleven tracks with only two instrumentals.
Melodies is monotonous, just used new samples each time.
Melodies linger throughout the album.
Melodies play a vital role in remembering products.
Melodies pour une amie de mon pays .
Melodies rise and fall in the contours of the hills.
Melodies seem to coagulate in space and quickly dissipate.
Melodies stick in our heads the same way faces do.
Melodies tend to sound like sentences and tend to have pauses in between ideas.
Melodies waft throughout, which serve as serene background music for daily and purposeful living.
Melody abounds, but meaning is at best obscure.
Melody becomes somehow more beautiful.
Melody breaks up, and all is well again.
Melody can get a bit annoying at times.
Melody can take too long and can be too simplistic to accurately reflect the human experience.
Melody cartridges for children, teens and seniors are available.
Melody collects pewter figurines, U.S. type coins, unicorns and frogs.
Melody continues to be reinforced with hand signs and solfege syllables.
Melody contributes to the effect of motion in music.
Melody displays hierarchical structural design.
Melody dominates and is lyrical and smooth.
Melody dons the hat and the moment is surreal, beautiful, ironic.
Melody eases stress and relieves pain soothes and alters emotional and mental stress.
Melody enjoys a head rub.
Melody enjoys bowling, cooking, and working with youth groups.
Melody flows like liquid gold.
Melody gives life or feeling to rhythm.
Melody goes for the burning to death.
Melody introduces off stage tr.
Melody is available to speak to classes about litter control.
Melody is grapes.
Melody is located in jukeboxs.
Melody is magazines.
Melody is music
Melody is nothing but the vaguest of familiarity.
Melody is retrospect.
Melody is true feelings.
Melody isa music.
Melody lines drone on, often consisting of just two pitches.
Melody looks gorgeous.
Melody loves to play on the computer.
Melody loves to sing.
Melody means nothing.
Melody nourishes life, it nourishes the process of evolution, it helps everyone to evolve.
Melody offers clean lines with subtle colored interiors.
Melody plays a large part.
Melody plays a line, and then there's a moment where the guitarist can fill.
Melody plays a subordinate role to the explosive rhythms.
Melody plays all kinds of audio files one by one or linked together to play in a stream.
Melody plays each time a coin is inserted.
Melody quit going to school, became promiscuous and got involved with drugs.
Melody spends the day with a skilled veterinarian and gets a lesson in treating sick animals.
Melody substitutes for menace.
Melody suggests soaking the crystal in brown rice.
Melody works with children ages newborn to seven years.
Melodies often propagate themselves, each successive return goes on longer with the same material.
All melodies are original creations of the composer.
All melodies are to be memorized.
All melodies share certain fundamental characteristics.
Every melody belongs to anybody in the world.
Many melodies are easy to sing , while others are difficult to sing .
Many melodies are easy to sing, while others are difficult to sing.
More melodies are to be found on the internet.
Most melodies move by small steps, rather than by leaps.
Some melodies contain notes that are outside of the home key or scale.
Melon aphids feed on undersides.
Melon flies do attack beans, tomatoes, eggplant, bell peppers, melons, squash, and other cucurbits.
Melon fly causes considerable damage to all cucurbit crops everywhere it occurs.
Melon fly causes considerable losses on cucurbit crops, though no specific data are available.
Some melon fruit shows extreme variation.
Some melon fruit shows variation.
Melon seeds contain nutrients.
Most melon seeds contain nutrients.
Melon thrips are a primary foliar pest on watermelon, eggplant, cucumber, and peppers in Hawaii .
Melon thrips are resistant to many organophosphate and pyrethroid insecticides.
Melon thrips have a clear yellow body without darker blotches but with thick, blackish body setae.
Melon thrips tend to live and feed on the leaves.
A melon is edible fruit
Melon aphids feeding on secondary plants always give birth to live young.
Melon are ripe when the stem begins to dry out.
Melon cultivars with insect and disease resistance.
Melon flies however do attack cucumbers.
Melon fly damage occurs when adult female flies lay their eggs into fruit and sometimes into stems.
Melon fly eradication by overflooding with sterile flies.
Melon grows as vine.
Melon harvest nearly complete.
Melon inherits color and weight , and has a proper attribute, vine length .
Melon is quite susceptible and most commonly infected.
Melon isa matter.
Melons also are excellent for aiding elimination.
Melons also benefit from growing on black plastic and under cloches.
Melons also make a delicious dessert.
Melons also prefer infrequent and deep irrigation.
Melons also require generous amounts of water in order to support quick vine growth in early summer.
Melons amers sont membres de la famille des cucurbiaceous.
Melons are a good source of vitamin C and Potassium.
Melons are a great raw fruit because they are watery and easy to mush in the mouth.
Melons are a great-tasting way to fulfill that recommendation.
Melons are a nutritious food .
Melons are a nutritious food.
Melons are a summer favorite during their hot summers.
Melons are a tender annual.
Melons are a vine crop that requires a strong support.
Melons are also eaten - big watermelons and the smaller yellow ones.
Melons are also popularly consumed as juice, and are also dried, candied, or made into jam.
Melons are best when picked at the peak of ripeness, yet still firm.
Melons are edible fruit.
Melons are fruit.
Melons are gourds.
Melons are heavy feeders and sensitive to drought, so a steady supply of water is essential.
Melons are lower in calories than most fruit.
Melons are one of the most important crops in the tropical and temperate areas of the world.
Melons are part of cucumbers.
Melons are part of melons.
Melons are ripe when the underside of the fruit turns greenish white to cream in color.
Melons are round at the base coming to a point at the stem end.
Melons are still another limited option.
Melons are susceptible to wilt, blight, mildew, and root rot.
Melons are thought to have originated from India or ancient Persia or Africa.
Melons are usually too large to grow in a container.
Melons are very susceptible.
Melons are very weather sensitive.
Melons belong to the gourd family, as do squash and pumpkin.
Melons belong to the gourd family, as do squash and pumpkins.
Melons can take up lots of space.
Melons come from Africa and southwest Asia .
Melons come in many different sizes and colors.
Melons contain fatty substances.
Melons contain substances.
Melons digest quickly whereas grains take more time.
Melons get a number of diseases and have problems with a number of pests.
Melons give off and absorb odors.
Melons grow best in warm, dry climates with full sun and require plenty of water.
Melons grow on climbing, hairy vines that have rounded leaves and yellow flowers.
Melons grow to size.
Melons have (part) peels.
Melons have (part) sections.
Melons have flesh.
Melons have high nutritional value.
Melons have orange flesh.
Melons have pale flesh.
Melons have rinds.
Melons have skin.
Melons have succulent flesh.
Melons originate from Africa and southwestern parts of Asia.
Melons play a significant role in the food industry due to their worldwide popularity.
Melons produce fruit.
Melons produce small fruit.
Melons require full sun.
Melons require plentiful regular, even watering for quick growing.
Melons Ripen at room temperature, then refrigerate, wrapped.
Melons stay on vines.
Melons take up a lot of room.
Melons thrive on warm weather and full sun.
Melons often benefit from supplemental warming, such as that provided by growing under plastic.
All melons require full sun.
All melons respond favorably to mulching with black plastic, especially early in the season.
More melons await, along with cotton and alfalfa.
Most melons are closely related to cucumber.
Most melons are part of cucumbers.
Most melons are perfectly ripe when they separate from the vine easily.
Most melons are sensitive to cold and grow best in a hot, dry climate.
Most melons contain fatty substances.
Most melons contain substances.
Most melons detach from the stem naturally when ripe.
Most melons grow to size.
Most melons have flesh.
Most melons have orange flesh.
Most melons have pale flesh.
Most melons have rinds.
Most melons have skin.
Most melons have succulent flesh.
Most melons planted now are seeded varieties.
Most melons produce fruit.
Most melons produce small fruit.
Most melons stay on vines.
Some melons grow plastic.
Some melons have heads.
Some melons have triangular heads.
Some melons reach full maturity.
Some melons reach maturity.
Melonized surfaces are highly resistant to adhesive wear.
Melpomene memberships make great gifts.
Melt rheology is one of the most sensitive tools for elucidating polymer structure.
Melt snowflakes turn into sleet.
Most melt snowflakes turn into sleet.
A melt is heating
A melt is physical change
Melts allows the user to simulate most igneous processes occuring in the crust and upper mantle.
Melts smooth and make a nice bead.
Melts solder into holes and cracks.
All melts come with Swiss cheese, fried onions and served on rye bread.
A meltdown is a tragedy
Meltdown occurs at the Chernobyl nuclear plant.
Meltdown provides plenty of examples of Asia's own management and investment follies.
Meltdowns are books.
Meltdowns are calamities.
Meltdowns are disasters.
Meltdowns are less likely to occur because the child feels the parent is listening and responding.
Meltdowns are melting.
Meltdowns Do Occur.
Melted audio cassettes.
Melted beeswax is applied to the fresh white egg which is then dipped in successive dyes.
Melted beeswax is applied to the fresh white egg.
Melted butter is brushed between each sheet.
Melted chocolate is sandwiched between peanut butter cookies.
Melted chocolate is tricky, and the timing is fairly important.
Melted copper is also common.
Melted crayons are gross.
Melted equivalent is the amount of water that is produced as the snow melts.
Melted foam releases poison fumes.
Melted lead is dangerous and unnecessary.
Melted material enters the barrel containing the twin screws.
Melted plastic is cooled then fed to a pelletizer that cuts the product into small pellets.
Melted rock rises into the rift and hardens to form the new seafloor.
Melted soap can cause burns.
Melted water excavates drainage tunnels through the ice to form glacier caves.
Melted wax holds the engine to the frame.
Melted wax is a bit untidy.
Melted wax is consumed by the flame and any excess remains in the hollow core design.
Melted wax is hot.
Melted wax is injected into the mold and cooled.
Many melter manufacturers claim superior features and benefits for their equipment.
A melter is a worker
Melters direct the loading of raw materials into the furnace.
A melting point is temperature
Melting point ca.
Melting point is a physical characteristic that helps identify the substance.
Melting point is the temperature at which a solid changes to liquid.
Melting point is the temperature at which a substance changes from solid to liquid state.
Melting tanks are generally plain carbon steel lined with acid resistant brick.
Melting are created by heat.
A meltwater is water
Meltwater isa water.
Meltwaters appear to have been present in the system much later than previously thought.
Meltwaters are water.
Meltwaters flow to the Arctic, Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
A mem is a letter
MeM is the womb of the mother that produces new life.
MEMs are a new revolution in manufacturing extremely miniaturized mechanical devices.
MEMS are an enabling technology leveraging integrated circuit technology with mechanical actuation.
MEMS are complex machines with micron-size features.
MEMs are important because they are built using low cost integrated circuit processing technology.
Mems are letters.
MEMS are no exception.
MEMS are often subject to the effects of residual strains.
MEMS bring it all back.
MEMS consist of many structures fabricated in the same environment by preassembly and batch process.
MEMS enhance the ability and productivity of some electronics products found in many retail stores.
MEMs have an application to both.
MEMS make possible controlled physical movement of parts in miniature devices.
MEMS make use of miniaturizing technology first developed in the production of computer chips.
Some MEMS are already in commercial use, for example as motion sensors that trigger airbags in cars.
Memail address is above.
Member fields appear with a button for opening the member selection dialog.
Member function is accessed through address of derived object.
Member functions exist to operate on members of the class.
Most member functions are self-explanatory.
Members of congress rely on letters to find out what the people back home are thinking.
Every member of congress knows violating the spending caps is wrong.
Many members of congress publish newsletters to keep their constituents aware of their activities.
Some members of congress blame a lack of uniform federal safety regulations for the increase.
Members of parliament are therefore accountable to their constituents .
Members of parliament exercise their full power of controlling government decisions and actions.
Member states appear to be giving due importance to cardiovascular diseases.
Member states are free to conduct their domestic policies in whatever way they see fit.
Member states are of two categories.
Member states are opposed to differentiated targets.
Member states are still in the process of revising and submitting new designated sites.
Member states can either choose to be in narrow bands or wider bands.
Member states commit themselves to working towards currency convergence criteria.
Member states comprise all corporate citizens.
Member states contribute dues to fund the program based on their populations.
Member states draw heavily on the community's structural funds to achieve the modernisation.
Member states exchange best practice through peer review of the plans.
Member states extend throughout the Americas and from Australasia to Europe.
Member states get the report, too.
Member states have a duty to cooperate.
Member states have the option to go further and the UK opted for six per cent.
Member states have three years for the implementation.
Member states have to comply with the obligations provided in the agreement.
Member states have to observe confidentiality, and they have to cooperate.
Member states have to shoulder the responsibility of political stalemate.
Member states pay an annual contribution based on their population and Gross National Product.
Member states reserve the right to immediately cancel without notice, for good cause.
Member states seem to accept the text, only France wants it to be more precise.
Member states sign all the same agreements at the end of the round.
Member states subscribe funds in accordance with their wealth.
Many member states have, or are posting, immigration liaison officers to key capitals in the region.
Most member states have standard operational procedures for most aspects of disaster management.
Most member states have the right of veto, even on points to do with the mandate.
Most member states support our view.
Some member states have working definitions used by industry.
Some member states permit admitted immigrants to naturalize after five years residence.
Member variables are available for use by all methods of the class.
A member is an associate
Member accounts that are extremely inactive are subject to deletion.
Member assumes all risks regarding the determination of whether a program is in the public domain.
Member assumes all risks regarding the determination of whether any content is in the public domain.
Member assumes responsibility for the behavior and actions of their guest.
Mere life is interesting enough.
Mere lighting is a mitzva.
Mere love demands no less.
Mere manners are the message.
Mere mortals are excited to be around a bombshell.
Mere mortals can get some distance off the ground.
Mere mortals can race against Olympic champions.
Mere mortals have no chance.
Mere mortals have to come up with some other way.
Mere mortals seem to have a much harder time with the concept.
Mere mortals shake their heads.
Mere negation means final extinction.
Mere observation is morally insufficient.
Mere opinions are completely unsupported b.
Mere ownership is insufficient as grounds for immediate return.
Mere perfection is beside the point.
Mere philosophy starts with doubts and ends with arid speculation.
Mere possession can get a person incarcerated.
Mere possession is too wide a concept.
Mere presumption is obviously quite a different thing.
Mere proximity means nothing.
Mere quantity is insufficient.
Mere reflection is dull thought without passion and without commitment.
Mere religion leads but to dogma and blind ritual.
Mere seconds pass and again the roar builds.
Mere silence is insufficient.
Mere size carries less weight.
Mere size is a waste of money and human endeavor.
Mere speculation is insufficient to establish a clear legal right to relief.
Mere speculation regarding the medical services required in the future is insufficient.
Mere stature has much effect and the little boy stage seemed very far away.
Mere substitution leads to a less informative formula, an equation of state.
Mere survival is a considerable accomplishment.
Mere survival is an affliction.
Mere suspicion is enough to kill.
Mere suspicion is insufficient to establish probable cause.
Mere suspicion suffices.
Mere talk is too easy.
Mere technique is meaningless.
Mere theory is fruitless.
Mere thoughts change the patterns cast by shadows and the humidity in the air.
Mere understanding is death to a non-verbal person.
Mere vapor gives a small dose.
Mere verbalization has limited power for change.
Mere weariness is mere weakness.
Mere words are inadequate to express our empathy.
Mere words are meaningless.
Mere words are useless.
Mere words can scarcely convey the agony through which the inhabitants of that world passed.
Mere words mean nothing.
Mere words move mountains and melt hearts.
Mererani town is full of young men.
A merganser is a sea duck
Mergansers also eat aquatic insects.
Mergansers are fish-eating birds that often fly in a straight line.
Mergansers are primarily fish eaters.
Mergansers are sea ducks.
Mergansers are the only sea duck species that forage nearly entirely on fish.
Mergansers belong to a special group called fish ducks .
Mergansers dive out of our path.
Mergansers have a long bill with serrated edges and a hooked point, adapted for grabbing fish.
Mergansers have narrower bills and a crest.
Mergansers prefer open water.
Mergansers prefer to nest on small inlands.
Mergansers often have more chicks than a loon.
All mergansers have slender elongated serrated bills tipped with a hooked nail.
All mergansers show spike-like, hooked, serrated bills used for catching fish.
Merge sort has better cache performance for reasonable cache line sizes.
Merged cell is a single cell that is created by combining two or more adjacent cells.
Merged cells are a slightly tougher nut to crack because they also merge vertically.
More merged establishments declare a below-average financial performance.
Merged facets produces a significantly better approximation.
Merged families total four married children and one grandchild, all of whom live much too far away.
Merged firms are typically rather complex organisations.
Most merged firms take six or eight months to make such key decisions.
Merged images are shown.
Merged institutions can have very different structures and long term goals.
Merged keystrokes provide greater memory efficiency.
Merged references give a more compact result, that is often easier to interpret for the beginner.
Merged rooms have advantages compared to the same number of unmerged rooms.
Merged utilities are under pressure to increase value for their shareholders.
Merger control is based on an obligatory preliminiary authorization system.
Merger integration is well advanced and on plan.
Merger mania brings publishers into information megacorporations.
Merger mania goes global.
Merger mania is at an all-time peak.
Merger mania proliferates.
Merger mania puts together strange bedfellows in international high finance.
Merger mania tends to occur in waves.
Merger simulations are extremely useful because of their predictive power.
A merger is integration
Merger also means a brighter future for our children.
Merger becomes law.
Merger can be profitable.
Merger causes sizeable incr.
Merger clauses preclude consideration of extrinsic evidence to ascertain intent.
Merger creates new chaplain association.
Merger fall out A flurry of mergers and acquisitions also contributed to the turnover.
Merger forms No.
Merger is accomplished through cross- referencing.
Merger is an independent unit controlled by a photoelectric sensor.
Merger is an issue everyone is debating.
Merger is at the end of the continuum where institutional autonomy is most compromised.
Merger is in the best long-term interests of each child.
Merger is law now.
Merger is possible only between companies having the same legal form.
Merger is said to provide companies, consumers with wider range of services at greater convenience.
Merger is the next logical step.
Merger is the other choice for companies looking to attain growth.
Merger means that two or more programs are combined into a single, unified program.
Merger opens doors to future growth New Jersey agencies look beyond past successes.
Merger plan to be submitted to shareholders, procedure.
Merger Provides support for merging of virtual data objects.
Merger raises Net privacy flags .
Merger steps within a 'walking frame' that acts as a remote control for the chip.
Merger talks almost always start out as casual feelers, a testing of the waters.
Merger understands how to get the word out.
Mergers affect organizational culture.
Mergers also beget more mergers.
Mergers also can expand a customer base when two complementary companies join.
Mergers also can involve parent corporations and their subsidiaries.
Mergers appear to be more about creating new strengths than dealing with old weaknesses.
Mergers are a funny thing.
Mergers are a possibility.
Mergers are almost always a bad idea because they undermine diversity and stifle creative energies.
Mergers are also a fact of life.
Mergers are common because the universe is crowded, at least on the galactic distance scale.
Mergers are commonplace.
Mergers are complicated, in part due to overlapping tax systems.
Mergers are expensive and time-consuming, too.
Mergers are frequent and ongoing, from the smallest to the largest industry players.
Mergers are in progress.
Mergers are in the news as much as ever.
Mergers are inevitable, given the evolutionary pace of storage technology.
Mergers are most likely to begin in New Mexico and Montana.
Mergers are never business as usual.
Mergers are never easy.
Mergers are now a thing of the past.
Mergers are often a way to get rid of companies.
Mergers are really just a special case of growth.
Mergers are sometimes a necessary evil.
Mergers are the order of the day.
Mergers are to blame for some of the shabby earnings performances.
Mergers born out of defensive reasons are unlikely to fare well.
Mergers can also run into regulatory problems.
Mergers can be an effective way to improve business prospects and stimulate the economy.
Mergers can be mysterious.
Mergers can be tricky business.
Mergers can help buoy stock prices.
Mergers can help diversify such risks.
Mergers can mean promotions and expanded job responsibilities.
Mergers can result in significant changes to morphology, as compared to the original galaxies.
Mergers can take anywhere from a few hundred million to a few billion years to complete.
Mergers cause mass confusion on a corporate scale.
Mergers cause prices to rise even higher as competition decreases.
Mergers certainly drive some present-day morphological evolution.
Mergers change the rules totally.
Mergers create efficiencies by shaving management, processing and insurance costs.
Mergers create opportunities for fundamental engineering.
Mergers do have a role to play in revving up the industry.
Mergers eliminate competition, giving big banks the freedom to raise fees.
Mergers fall apart when the company focuses internally at the expense of the customer.
Mergers get some blame Mergers are partly to blame, say consumer advocates.
Mergers go on the whole time in business.
Mergers gradually reduce the number of players and removes excess capital from the system.
Mergers have a place, but frequently partnering is the better way.
Mergers have a positive effect on shareholder value and consumer service.
Mergers have sharply consolidated supermarket ownership in recent years.
Mergers Involve the combination of separately owned retail firms.
Mergers involving Internet companies are likely to be no different.
Mergers involving publicly traded firms often have the primary goal of reducing overhead.
Mergers make glitzy headlines.
Mergers mean a decrease in inferior cigars.
Mergers mean customer service slowdowns, at least in the short term.
Mergers mean job cuts.
Mergers mean that the companies can freely share information about their customers.
Mergers occur to gain cost efficiencies or market power.
Mergers occur when a landlord combines two or more units into one larger unit.
Mergers occur when a subject appears to have something growing around it in the background.
Mergers present a different consideration.
Mergers present an analogous, if somewhat closer, question.
Mergers raise many complex issues.
Mergers reduce competition, making price increases possible.
Mergers reflect basic forces that have been good for consumers.
Mergers seem to work.
Mergers sputter instead of soar.
Mergers start out as collisions.
Mergers take place for many reasons.
Mergers take place.
Mergers take time.
Mergers tend to reduce competition, increase prices and lower output.
Mergers always loom on the horizon with the prospect of confusion and layoffs.
Mergers often lead to more visible forms of pain for employees, such as layoffs and plant closings.
All mergers require regulatory approval and are subject to intense examination by regulators.
Any merger can also be inclusive of a buyout option structured to benefit all parties concerned.
Any merger is a difficult process and emotions are going to be there no matter what.
Any merger is always a takeover.
Every merger is another major layoff, but the parachutes are very few.
Many mergers fail because of poor integration.
More mergers mean more regulatory activity and antitrust litigation.
Most mergers are efficient and create social benefits.
Most mergers are in the outskirts of the cluster.
Most mergers fail because both sides forgot they had a business plan.
Most mergers involve gas being compressed, which triggers intense star formation.
Most mergers work out badly.
Some mergers also entail a purge of middle-management positions.
Some mergers are mutual mergers and corporate spin offs.
Some mergers are simply alternatives to bankruptcy.
Some mergers do result in layoffs.
Some mergers get into trouble because of cultural incompatibility.
Some mergers work.
Meridian activation can be the key to helping local treatments last.
Meridian files combine the flexibility of a modular component with high-performance durability.
Meridian fund offers above-average returns with low risk.
Meridian lines are necessary for plotting and triangulating on the map.
Meridian location is included if it is needed to locate the dam.
Meridian programs are free of charge from setup through implementation.
Meridian soils are of moderate extent.
Meridian therapy includes, among other things, acupuncture.
Meridian Township is currently at the center of controversy over land use issues.
A meridian is a great circle
Meridians are also loci of strip like magnetic fluxes ortogonal to the skin.
Meridians are equidistant.
Meridians are great circles that pass through the poles.
Meridians are great circles.
Meridians are imaginary circles that run through both poles.
Meridians are important for setting time zones.
Meridians are like rivers flowing through the body to nourish tissues.
Meridians are like rivers of energy that all connect throughout the body.
Meridians are perpendicular to every latitude.
Meridians are separatrices.
Meridians are the farthest apart at the equator.
Meridians are the main lines of longitude on maps.
Meridians are the main trunks of the body and run longitudinally within the body.
Meridians are the pathways where bioelectons move more frequently than other parts of the body.
Meridians are the pathways where bioelectrons move more frequently than any other part of the body.
Meridians are true north base lines.
Meridians basically reflect the clinical status of a patient.
Meridians converge at the poles.
Meridians exist at every level of the body.
Meridians express degrees of longitude , or how far a place is away from the prime meridian.
Meridians function something like rivers made of energy.
Meridians run north to south from pole to pole.
All meridian based therapies are gentle, rapid and startlingly effective.
All meridians are halves of great circles.
All meridians are of equal length.
All meridians meet and form a point at the poles.
All meridians start or finish in the head, chest, hands or feet.
Any meridians passing through the United States are degrees of West longitude.
Many meridians travel through the neck within a small area.
Most meridians bear the name of the organ related to it.
Some meridians run east and west.
Meridional advection dominates in both the mean and eddy advection.
Meridional curvature is local surface curvature measured in meridional planes .
Meridional diffusion appears to be important in the seasonal heating.
Meridional planes contain the view axis.
A meringue is a topping
Meringue is an old-fashioned flourish that impresses with minimal effort.
Meringue is made from beaten egg whites where sugar is added during the process.
Meringue isa decoration.
Meringue isa ornament.
Meringues are delicate, but can be handled if done carefully.
Meringues are dessert.
Meringues are food.
Meringues are topping.
Meringues have (part) sections.
Meringues have crisp crust.
Meringues have crust.
Most meringues have crust.
A merino sheep is sheep
Merino sheep have an intermediate occurance of copper toxicity.
Merino sheep produce fine wool suitable for use in apparel.
Merino sheep produce very fine wool.
Merino wool has a much finer fiber diameter, which makes it itch-free.
Merino wool has a natural stretchiness so the leggings can be reasonable loose fitting or tight.
Merino wool has a softness unmatched by other wools.
Merino wool is a very fine and quality wool that actually helps to regulate body temperature.
Merino wool socks for sports, dress, and casual wear.
A meristem is plant tissue
Meristem isa plant part.
Meristems are areas within the tree where growth occurs.
Meristems are organised cellular structures capable of indeterminate growth.
Meristems are plant tissue.
Meristems are regions of active cell division in plants from which new primary growth arises.
Meristems are regions of embryonic tissue capable of growing into new plant parts.
Meristems are self-organising.
Meristems are tissue.
Meristems are zones of continuous cell division located at the tips of stems and roots in plants.
Meristems are zones of intense activity.
Meristems confer the capacity for indeterminate growth of the plant.
Meristems contribute to growth.
Meristems form xylem.
Meristems have (part) sections.
Meristems produce shoots.
Most meristems contribute to growth.
Most meristems produce shoots.
Some meristems develop into buds.
Some meristems grow into buds.
Some meristems grow into flower buds.
Some meristems have growth patterns.
Some meristems have indeterminate growth patterns.
Some meristems have indeterminate patterns.
Some meristems have patterns.
Meristematic activity can spread between the bundles so that the cambia become united.
Meristematic activity spreads laterally until the entire circumference of the organ is encompassed.
Meristematic cells are packed closely together without intercellular cavities .
Meristematic cells are packed closely together without intercellular cavities.
Meristematic cells are undifferentiated and capable of repeated division.
Meristematic cells divide, growing into new plants.
Meristematic cells have the same function for plants as stem cells have for animals.
Meristematic growth produces lateral blades along the stipe or on a terminal blade.
Meristematic tissue is located in the apical meristems at the growing points of roots and stems.
Meristematic tissues are sites of cellular activity and division.
Meristematic tissues give rise to the other tissue systems and are named for their location.
Meristematic tissues occur at the root and shoot tips giving growth in length.
All meristematic tissues are susceptible to infection.
Merit awards are also available to outstanding candidates.
Merit awards are available for students who have demonstrated special talents in various subjects.
Merit awards are subject to the availability of funds.
Merit awards are very competitive.
A merit badge is a badge
Merit badges are a part of Scouting for two reasons.
Merit badges are badges.
Merit badges expose scouts to many professions.
Many merit badges are hard to earn due to a lack of qualified counselors for that subject.
Many merit badges have a safety component.
Some merit badges require longer periods, and some can be covered in shorter time slots.
Merit goods are goods which have positive externalities.
Merit goods combine elements of both public and private goods.
Merit pay appears, spreads and then recedes like a tide.
Merit pay can have a negative impact on teamwork.
Merit pay is a current trend that rewards teachers who meet measurable goals in student progress.
Merit pay is a wage
Merit pay is destructive and counterproductive to academic life.
Merit pay is divisive.
Merit pay is easiest to do with a large pool of workers who do primarily the same thing.
Merit pay is just a extension of that.
Merit pay is still an issue.
Merit pay is the answer.
Merit pay is wages.
Merit scholarships are available for outstanding students.
Merit scholarships are available for qualified students.
Merit scholarships are available on a very limited basis.
Merit scholarships are available.
Merit scholarships are in short supply here.
Merit scholarships are only for exceptionally intelligent students.
Merit shop is a business way of life for both employees and employers.
Merit accumulated by family members is especially powerful and helpful.
Merit alone rules.
Merit are good yellow varieties.
Merit assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
Merit can be soil injected in the fall.
Merit can control feeding larvae.
Merit comes only when duty has been surpassed. . . .
Merit contributes to the scientific and technological advancement in all professions.
Merit determines who receives grants.
Merit evaluates quality as well as quantity of work.
Merit has numbers in Detroit and throughout Michigan .
Merit increases for staff employees are to be awarded on the basis of performance.
Merit increases in lower ranks draw less money from the available pool.
Merit is a male concept.
Merit is about the most competent applicant being selected for the work required.
Merit is but a fraction of the equation.
Merit is good at the close of life, and the elimination of all suffering is good.
Merit is like any other ideal.
Merit is more praiseworthy than birth and rank.
Merit is now the largest Internet service organization in Michigan.
Merit is often a small part of who gets hired or promoted.
Merit is only a part of who gets hired or promoted.
Merit is quality
Merit is to be assessed on the basis of teaching, scholarship, and service.
Merit marks the individual.
Merit offers dial-up connections free to students.
Merit pay for teachers and principals provides another approach.
Merit pay for teachers in schools meeting district standards.
Merit prepares now by storing sheets of plywood under the house.
Merit provodes a sheltering-place in the hereafter.
Merit raises and non-competitive promotion when eligibility criteria are met.
Merit recognizes performance while across the board recognizes market and cost of living pressures.
Merit refers to salary differentials between faculty due to performance based measures.
Merit remains individualistic.
Merit works well as a foliar spray.
Merit works well on sucking insects.
Merits are available upon requests.
Merits are chores that the pledges have to do for the member.
Merits are on hold until contract negotiations are completed.
Merits are positive and cost certain amounts that are listed next to the merit.
Merits review Many departmental decisions are reviewable on their merits.
Merit always counts.
Any merit thus belongs to all.
Some merit based scholarships require a separate application form.
A meritocracy is a social system
Meritocracies are elitest institutions, after all, though laudable ones.
Meritocracies are elitist institutions, after all, though laudable ones.
Meritocracies are social organizations.
Meritocracy becomes a problem of aristocracy as soon as wealth becomes inheritance.
Meritocracy demands unprejudiced assessment.
Meritocracy is defined as a system in which advancement is based on achievement or ability.
Meritocracy is merely an ideology by which the elite seek to preserve their privileged status.
Meritocracy is what counts here and they fit into that model.
Mobile telecommunications is still the fastest growing segment of all telecommunications services.
Mobile telephone impose bandwidth limitations that at first glance seem like major limitations.
Mobile telephones are another possible field of application for the program.
Mobile telephones are available in Romania.
Mobile telephones are in use.
Mobile telephones are like computers.
Mobile telephones are low power radio devices that transmit and receive microwave radiation.
Mobile telephones are telephones.
Mobile telephones interfere with medical electrical equipment.
Mobile telephones Use of mobile telephones.
Mobile telephony is also soon to become possible again.
Mobile telephony is an integral part of the business world today.
Mobile telephony is much more reliable.
Mobile tip Learn how to install new programs on a Palm.
Mobile tracking provides information on the rate and depth of movement for individual fishes.
Mobile units allow for insulation of areas with difficult access.
Mobile units are enormous.
Mobile units are for personnel, and machines.
Mobile units are the warriors, tanks, aircraft, and so on, that actually move around the map.
Mobile units can collect all vehicular data and integrate it into a corporate computer network.
Mobile units consist of tactical and combined tactical and operational units.
Mobile units operate on a fixed, predictable schedule.
Mobile units provide on-site testing and several employees can be tested simultaneously.
Mobile units take needed services to the community.
Mobile units use large casters that make for easy entrance and egress from elevators.
Mobile usage relates directly to phones used on an ongoing basis by new and existing subscribers.
Most mobile users access the network using very low bandwidth communication links.
Mobile vans equipped with radio receivers and computers can collect readings by simply driving by.
Mobile video is another area that is growing every year.
Mobile wallets appear to be a likely part of the overall payment systems architecture.
Many mobile warriors use the notebook for presentations.
Mobile wireless is a tougher sell beyond the geek community.
Mobile workers are out solving their own problems.
Mobile workers can store to-do lists, appointments, contacts and other information offline.
Mobile workers pose unique challenges for internal communication experts.
Mobile workers require less computing than sedentary number crunchers.
Most mobile workers do.
Any mobile workforce presents the opportunity to incorporate wireless into their IT infrastructure.
Many mobile youths rely on their phones or pagers for e-mail, chat services and entertainment.
A mobile is sculpture
Mobile barbecues own site or unit.
Mobile connects consumers to premium wireless products and services in new and compelling ways.
Mobile does have certain strict size limits, however.
Mobile has expandable living room.
Mobile has trade, culture, education, and quality medical facilities for retirees.
Mobile helps, the top each-way chance here.
Mobile isa sculpture.
Mobile overcomes adversity and wins.
Mobiles are a kind of kinetic sculpture .
Mobiles are a kind of kinetic sculpture.
Mobiles are a kind of sculpture where the pieces are moved by motors or the wind .
Mobiles are a kind of sculpture where the pieces are moved by motors or the wind.
Mobiles are a prime target for thieves.
Mobiles are at their best when being used for non-business stuff.
Mobiles are especially good for infants if they are comprised of simple objects.
Mobiles are fertile ground for e-bugs of the future .
Mobiles are fertile ground for e-bugs of the future.
Mobiles are popular because of the dearth of fixed telephone lines in Africa.
Mobiles are proud to be a member of The Guild of Master Craftsmen .
Mobiles are sculpture.
Mobiles are silk screened in rich, non-fading colors on heavy solid core art board.
Mobiles are ultra small, ultra cool and already ultra accepted.
Mobiles are unique sculptures that are a combination of kinetic and decorative art.
Mobiles are very trusting, only a one way authentication system.
Mobiles being mobile is also an advantage.
Mobiles can be as simple or complex as skill, time and desire allow.
Mobiles contain many colors.
Mobiles dominate the territory.
Mobiles generally operate in group of three.
Mobiles hang from ceilings.
Mobiles hang from the ceiling, swaying in the breeze.
Mobiles have (part) sections.
Mobiles lead accordingly in both directions.
Mobiles transmit on certain frequencies, cellular base stations transmit on others.
Mobiles use only one call per county.
Some mobiles come with interchangeable primary-colored panels for an older baby.
Some mobiles pick up items they come across on their travels.
Mobilisation involves continuous meetings at the village or mohalla level.
Mobilisation is gathering
All mobilisation is done as part of a campaign around a clearly identified issue.
Mobility aids find obstacles Canes find objects in their path.
Mobility aids increase people's capacities to get around.
Mobility Aids Make sure the interview location is accessible.
Mobility impairment is another thing that is usually overlooked.
Mobility impairment occurs at the same rate for both populations.
Mobility impairments are the most visible disabilities.
Mobility Impairments Ask if assistance is required.
Mobility Impairments Make certain that field trips take place in accessible locations.
Mobility management takes care of position of mobile terminals when in idle and active modes .
Mobilities are low due to the largely amorphous nature of conjugated polymer films.
Mobilities can be at the same level or a higher or lower level classification.
Mobility allows infrastructures to be deployed dynamically.
Mobility allows the programmer to easily distribute resource usage throughout the network over time.
Mobility also adds to the difficulty of building up reliable records.
Mobility also ensures access to a dispersed range of material sources.
Mobility also facilitates asynchronous interaction between the user and the network.
Mobility also implies heavy use of energy resources.
Mobility also makes the process of quality assurance more important.
Mobility also means communications.
Mobility also plays a role in dispersing the poor.
Mobility also puts added pressure on the defense.
Mobility arises naturally in wireless computing since the location of users changes as they move.
Mobility arises naturally in wireless computing, since the location of users changes as they move.
Mobility can aid job seeking.
Mobility can assist promotion, and study commitment is heavy.
Mobility can be key to keeping the best people in a tight job market.
Mobility can be upward, downward, or horizontal.
Mobility can change dramatically under high stress conditions as in dielectric breakdown.
Mobility can either be upward or downward change.
Mobility can mean many different things in the lives of people with disabilities.
Mobility chacterizes the program.
Mobility changes The loss of mobility is a very common condition.
Mobility characterizes families more than stability.
Mobility characterizes the program.
Mobility continues to decrease slowly.
Mobility contributes directly to continuity.
Mobility creates different concerns for both practitioners and regulators.
Mobility creates freedom.
Mobility depends on quality assurance and accreditation.
Mobility ensures that the agents can operate in rapidly changing heterogeneous environments.
Mobility frees the commander from movement limitations imposed by natural terrain or enemy action.
Mobility has a tremendous effect on the progress kids make.
Mobility has more of a walking-around sense.
Mobility has to do with moving about physically in the everyday environment, in traffic, etc.
Mobility helps increase range of motion while relieving inflammation of the joints.
Mobility holds the key to our diverse economy.
Mobility impaired services are also available.
Mobility implies adaptability in the system's architecture and algorithms.
Mobility implies higher security risks than static operation.
Mobility implies small screens and few visible options.
Mobility improves prospects.
Mobility improves, and that helps.
Mobility includes procedural encodings in two distinct respects.
Mobility increases independence and decreases complications due to inactivity.
Mobility increases one's opportunities for employment, entertainment, information and education.
Mobility increases opportunities for career progression.
Mobility increases opportunities for consideration.
Mobility increases with proximity to a growing town.
Mobility introduces further challenges in areas never fully understood or resolved in the past.
Mobility involves students who move in and out of district during the school year.
Mobility involves the actual movement from place to place.
Mobility is a calculated index number.
Mobility is a central issue for the employees.
Mobility is a condition of employment.
Mobility is a fact of life in healthcare.
Mobility is a factor in moving between classroom and theater.
Mobility is a function of the human body.
Mobility is a highly desirable characteristic of the present and future architectures and terminals.
Mobility is a key factor preventing the uptake of a desktop PC based health information system.
Mobility is a major concern as the typical user makes frequent business trips.
Mobility is a major feature for a robot evolving in a partially unknown environment.
Mobility is a more controversial technology.
Mobility is a noble, shining gift however long it lasts.
Mobility is a privilege, people pay for it.
Mobility is a rapidly growing demand in today's business environment.
Mobility is a very precious concept.
Mobility is a virtue and extremely useful.
Mobility is achieved by allowing the components to communicate channel ports.
Mobility is all that is required.
Mobility is also a way to promote cultural understanding and tolerance.
Mobility is also good for the government.
Mobility is also important to recolonization success after a fire.
Mobility is an essential factor to improve patient care.
Mobility is an expression of the relationship in urban areas between time and space.
Mobility is an important feature of the ever-increasing speed of economic globalization.
Mobility is an important key to independence the world over.
Mobility is an issue in Europe, mobility is an issue in South America.
Mobility is another arena hungry for convergence.
Mobility is another big focus area.
Mobility is another difficulty.
Mobility is another key element.
Mobility is another major benefit.
Mobility is anybody's game.
Mobility is both an asset and a detriment for producers.
Mobility is Built-in.
Mobility is considered good.
Mobility is critical to full participation in a democratic society.
Mobility is critical to the fabric of human society.
Mobility is dependent upon the fluidity, elasticity and thickness of the disc.
Mobility is determined by the reaction of the hips and knees.
Mobility is determined by the relation of the hips and knees.
Mobility is difficult due to swollen joints and muscle aches.
Mobility is emphasized with access limited to concentrations of commercial and industrial uses.
Mobility is enhanced.
Mobility is equated to the ability to express processes which have changing structure .
Mobility is essential for career progression.
Mobility is essential to achieve greater personal independence and economic well-being.
Mobility is essential when directing a production.
Mobility is essential with some employers.
Mobility is essential.
Mobility is everything.
Mobility is facilitated by professional qualifications which are widely recognised.
Mobility is freedom.
Mobility is fundamental to economic and social vitality.
Mobility is fundamental to health, social integration and individual well-being of the human being.
Mobility is here, but it doesn t necessarily make sense for every user or every application.
Mobility is here.
Mobility is high among younger teachers.
Mobility is high.
Mobility is important for career progression.
Mobility is important for the self employed.
Mobility is important.
Mobility is in the head.
Mobility is in, pocket passers are out.
Mobility is key in today's society.
Mobility is key.
Mobility is largely inadequate.
Mobility is less significant when working in studios.
Mobility is liberating and empowering.
Mobility is limited.
Mobility is more than the ability to avoid obstacles while moving aimlessly through space.
Mobility is necessary for promotion.
Mobility is needed for career advancement.
Mobility is needed.
Mobility is nevertheless high.
Mobility is no longer a significant feature of the academic scene.
Mobility is normal for the third culture experience.
Mobility is of the essence.
Mobility is often an important aspect of the function of a protein.
Mobility is often essential.
Mobility is one of the activities of daily living which enhances a person's quality of life.
Mobility is one of the outstanding features of terrestrial broadcast.
Mobility is one of the priorities.
Mobility is our power.
Mobility is part of our culture.
Mobility is probably the biggest concern for individuals who are blind or visually impaired.
Mobility is provided with individually motor controlled wheels.
Mobility is provided with motorized tank tracks.
Mobility is quality
Mobility is quality.
Mobility is quite important for promotion.
Mobility is recorded in the appropriate box of the examination form.
Mobility is required for career development.
Mobility is required.
Mobility is restricted.
Mobility is scored for each tooth in the appropriate box.
Mobility is something every defensive coordinator worries about.
Mobility is something people are getting used to.
Mobility is the ability of a language to change dynamically the location of execution of programs.
Mobility is the ability to consume on the move, but it's also the ability to consume anywhere.
Mobility is the ability to navigate safely from one position to another.
Mobility is the ability to perform a joint action through a range of movement.
Mobility is the act of moving through the environment in a safe, efficient, and independent manner.
Mobility is the actual physical process of getting from one place to another.
Mobility is the capacity or facility of movement.
Mobility is the defensive concept behind mobile ICBMs.
Mobility is the degree to which agents themselves travel through the network.
Mobility is the degree to which residents can get around within their edge city.
Mobility is the driving force behind the rapid growth in the telecom industry.
Mobility is the first one.
Mobility is the goal.
Mobility is the hallmark of a skilled techie.
Mobility is the key point.
Mobility is the key to expanding the scientific knowledge of Mars.
Mobility is the key to our success.
Mobility is the key to the future -for both companies and individuals.
Mobility is the key, folks, so keep on the move.
Mobility is the key.
Mobility is the main advantage of wireless communication.
Mobility is the only resource available in abundance.
Mobility is the physical ability to move safely, independently, and efficiently.
Mobility is the physical skills used to get from place to place.
Mobility is the ratio of the drift velocity to the strength of the electric field.
Mobility is the ultimate tool.
Mobility is to know how to work safe in that area.
Mobility is treated as a special case within the current Internet.
Mobility is undertaken with a purpose in mind, that of reaching a destination.
Mobility is used to bring firepower to bear or to evade enemy fire.
Mobility is usually necessary if progressing to senior role within the chain.
Mobility is way of human life, whether it be movement of information mentally or physically.
Mobility is what it's all about.
Mobility is what makes livestock the 'bottom line' in so many peoples' risk and resource allocation.
Mobility is yet another medium.
Mobility is, of course, a reality in life.
Mobility limits the potential viewing time of an outdoor message to only a few seconds.
Mobility makes viruses easy.
Mobility means crossing linguistic and cultural barriers.
Mobility means moving safely from place to place in a graceful and efficient manner.
Mobility means staying connected while moving between two points.
Mobility means that the character can only be blocked by other characters with mobility.
Mobility now becomes the key to consistently locating and catching active winter walleyes.
Mobility occurs by either muscular motility or ciliary motility .
Mobility places special requirements and constraints on the design of distributed applications.
Mobility refers to students who change schools one or more times during an academic year.
Mobility refers to the number of students who enroll and withdraw during the year.
Mobility relies heavily on automobile travel.
Mobility rises over time and thus completes the adjustment.
Mobility starts here.
Mobility supports operating in a fun environment.
Mobility works against marriage.
More mobility means employees can move freely within a larger band of work.
Most mobility is within the district.
Some mobility is required.
Mobilization day is too late.
Mobilization begins when a unit is called up at the onset of war or contingency operations.
Mobilization can be both partial and secret.
Mobilization can mean different things in different contexts.
Mobilization is a continuous process of organization, education and collective action.
Mobilization is assemblies.
Mobilization is exercised in all aspects, from resource callups to evacuations.
Mobilization is human activities.
Mobilization is implemented by a leadership team with a specific point person.
Mobilization is intended to put the population health approach into action.
Mobilization is needed for democratic unity.
Mobilization is quick and economical.
Mobilization is social control
Mobilization is social control.
Mobilization is social events.
Mobilization is the underlying responsibility of each role.
Mobilization makes existing Internet and enterprise applications available to users on the go.
Mobilization needs to be done wherever there are churches.
Mobilization occurs around common identities.
Mobilization proceeds, and people flee air raids.
Mobilization remains a big issue in a storm that affects the whole East Coast.
Mobilization sets the trains moving.
Mobilization simply stretches soft tissues by moving joints through a full range of movement.
Most mobilizations are anticlimactic and result in questioning or a call to disperse.
Mobilized communities become more effective in addressing the needs and concerns of all residents.
More mobilized reservists return home from overseas Release No.
A mobster is a criminal
Mobsters are dumb.
Mobsters are funny too.
Mobsters are only human.
Mobsters destroy property, set buildings and cart on fire, and smash windows.
Mobsters dress better as well.
Mobsters dress like, well, mobsters.
Mobsters have the distribution networks to move millions of pills.
Mobsters never leave the mob in real life, and the ones who try mysteriously die.
Mobsters pay themselves excessive salaries.
Mobsters sing in the City of Brotherly Love.
Mobsters yell protests.
Some mobsters try to get the coin from the professor.
Mocassin isa shoe.
Mocassins have (part) half soles.
Mocassins have (part) heel counters.
Mocassins have (part) heels.
Mocassins have (part) sections.
Mocassins have (part) shoe collars.
Mocassins have (part) shoelaces.
Mocassins have (part) toe boxes.
Some mocassins are known as cottonmouths.
A moccasin is a shoe
Moccasin isa shoe.
Moccasins are a kind of foot ware.
Moccasins are a nice replacement for shoes.
Moccasins are boots.
Moccasins are comfortable to wear, are very warm and make an ideal gift.
Moccasins are ideal for camping, at least to a point.
Moccasins are ideal for camping-at least to a point.
Moccasins are non-returnable once worn.
Moccasins are very popular for footwear.
Moccasins can bite underwater.
Moccasins come in a variety of styles, and can be made with various types of material.
Moccasins come in a wide range of uses and styles.
Moccasins have (part) half soles.
Moccasins have (part) heel counters.
Moccasins have (part) heels.
Moccasins have (part) sections.
Moccasins have (part) shoe collars.
Moccasins have (part) shoelaces.
Moccasins have (part) toe boxes.
Some moccasins have dark stripes.
Some moccasins have stripes.
Mocern man refuses to be eartn-bound.
Moche art provides numerous depictions of military equipment, warriors, and warrior activity.
Mock buttons adorn the front, with easy access for assistive dressing in the back.
Mock combatants say they feel just like a family.
Mock documentaries are difficult to execute.
Mock interviews are a great way to prepare for an interview.
Mock interviews are a possibility.
Mock interviews are also available but only by appointment.
Mock interviews are also available to help prepare students and alumni for the job search process.
Mock interviews are available by appointment only and are typically one hour in length.
Mock interviews are available by appointment.
Mock interviews are available to practice the interview process.
Mock interviews are available with and without videotaping, although videotaping is recommended.
Mock interviews are extremely valuable.
Mock interviews are schedules for a one-hour time period.
Mock interviews can be very helpful.
Mock interviews help students improve their interviewing skills before entering the job market.
Mock interviews provide excellent feedback for success.
Mock interviews take one hour to complete.
Mock meats are a specialty here.
Mock orals are good experiences for senior orals.
Mock registration is tomorrow.
Mock test practises the real exam conditions of the touch screen theory test.
Mock trial allow extensive opportunities for student participation in historical lessons.
Mock trials are no longer classroom-only exercises.
Mock trials offer additional experience to students.
Mock trials provide experience in the courtroom.
Mock turtlenecks are more comfortable than high turtlenecks.
A mock is offense
Mocks Den on walk.
A mocker is a person
Mockers are famous for doing that - singing away, full blast, in the middle of the night.
Mockery is a powerful weapon.
Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches.
Mockery is a very serious weapon.
Mockery is communicating.
Mockery is derision
Some moss shows tissue differentiations.
Some mosses also have solute-conducting leptoids surrounding a central bundle of hydroids.
Some mosses can survive dessication, returning to life within a few hours of rehydration.
Some mosses depend on insects to transport spores.
Some mosses give a surprisingly high figure.
Some mosses have conducting cells that function like the vascular tissue of higher plants.
Some mosses have internal conducting strands that guide water and even metabolites through the stem.
Some mosses have small branches.
Mosse pottery makes outstanding gifits for the person who has everything.
Mossley bus stands or railway station.
Most adult insects have compound eyes.
Most adult insects have eyes.
Most angiosperms have nuclei.
Most angiosperms have polar nuclei.
Most most angiosperms have nuclei.
Most most angiosperms have polar nuclei.
Some most angiosperms are classified as monocots.
Some most angiosperms rely on insects.
Most angler fish have bones.
Most animals drink salt water.
Most most animals drink salt water.
Most archaeologists get dirt.
Most most archaeologists get dirt.
Most astronomers get images.
Most astronomers visit observatories.
Most most astronomers get images.
Most most astronomers visit observatories.
Some most astronomers have degrees.
Some most astronomers work in offices.
Most atmospheric scientists work full time.
Most atmospheric scientists work time.
Most basic problems face societies.
Some most biologists adopt cognitive interpretations.
Some most biologists adopt interpretations.
Some most biologists consider great whales.
Some most biologists consider whales.
Some most biologists feel presence.
Some most biologists use radios.
Some most birds eat dead animals.
Most bony fish possess caudal fins.
Most bony fish possess fins.
Some most cases have functions.
Some most cases occur during rainy seasons.
Some most cases occur during seasons.
Any most clients view our skills as far more narrow than they really are.
Most college students will have difficulty.
Most commercial dog food uses inferior products.
Most commercial dog food uses products.
Most commercial food uses inferior products.
Most commercial food uses products.
Most computer support specialists have schedules.
Most customer service representatives work full time.
Most customer service representatives work time.
Most cyclists wear helmets.
Most most cyclists wear helmets.
Most damage occurs in adjacent areas.
Most damage occurs in areas.
Most most damage occurs in adjacent areas.
Most most damage occurs in areas.
Some most damage is caused by badgers.
Some most damage occurs at nights.
Some most damage occurs in winter.
Most dentists work full time.
Most dentists work time.
Most most dentists work full time.
Most most dentists work time.
Most desert animals get water.
Most develop countries limit financial resources.
Most develop countries limit resources.
Most dog owners feed dogs.
Some most echinoderms exhibit distinct behavior.
Some most echinoderms undergo complex metamorphosis.
Some most echinoderms undergo metamorphosis.
Most electronic devices require power.
Most experience keepers recommend diets.
Most experience managers have proposals.
Most familiar animals have determination.
Most familiar animals have sex determination.
Most gastropods have coil shells.
Most gastropods have eyes.
Most gastropods have heads.
Most gastropods have shells.
Most most gastropods have coil shells.
Most most gastropods have eyes.
Most most gastropods have heads.
Most most gastropods have shells.
Some most gastropods have bases.
Some most gastropods have male organs.
Some most gastropods have organs.
Some most gastropods have sex.
Most geologists develop intuitive senses.
Most geologists develop senses.
Most most geologists develop intuitive senses.
Most most geologists develop senses.
Most health experts recommend prove strategies.
Most health experts recommend strategies.
Most high school teachers work in private schools.
Most high school teachers work in schools.
Most historians work full time.
Most historians work time.
Most most historians work full time.
Most most historians work time.
Most hockey players wear helmets.
Most homeowners encounter problems.
Most homeowners have knowledge.
Most homeowners identify guests.
Most homeowners inherit problems.
Most most homeowners have knowledge.
Most most homeowners identify guests.
Most hunt birds have feathers.
Most individuals live for wild years.
Most individuals reach sexual maturity.
Most most individuals live for wild years.
Most most individuals reach sexual maturity.
Most infect individuals receive blood transfusions.
Most infect individuals receive transfusions.
Most major markets have protocols.
Most male birds have external sex organs.
Most male birds have organs.
Most male birds have sex organs.
Most mammals avoid strip skunks.
Most mammals carry urine.
Most mammals cross paths.
Most mammals excrete urea.
Most mammals have concentration.
Most mammals have excretion.
Most mammals have glands.
Most mammals have low tolerance.
Most mammals have lungs.
Most mammals have ribs.
Most mammals have tolerance.
Most mammals hear sound.
Most mammals lead life.
Most mammals maintain body temperature.
Most mammals maintain constant body temperature.
Most mammals maintain constant temperature.
Most mammals maintain temperature.
Most mammals need water.
Most mammals possess glands.
Most mammals possess sweat glands.
Most mammals require diets.
Most mammals use reproduction.
Most mammals use sexual reproduction.
Most most mammals avoid strip skunks.
Most most mammals carry urine.
Most most mammals cross paths.
Most most mammals excrete urea.
Most most mammals have concentration.
Most most mammals have excretion.
Most most mammals have glands.
Most most mammals have low tolerance.
Most most mammals have lungs.
Most most mammals have tolerance.
Most most mammals hear sound.
Most most mammals lead life.
Most most mammals maintain body temperature.
Most most mammals maintain constant body temperature.
Most most mammals maintain constant temperature.
Most most mammals maintain temperature.
Most most mammals possess glands.
Most most mammals possess sweat glands.
Most most mammals require diets.
Most most mammals use reproduction.
Most most mammals use sexual reproduction.
Some most mammals feed on insects.
Some most mammals have bonds.
Some most mammals have digestive tracts.
Some most mammals have lice.
Some most mammals have maternal bonds.
Some most mammals have strong bonds.
Some most mammals have strong maternal bonds.
Some most mammals have tracts.
Some most mammals produce offspring.
Some most mammals rely on tunnels.
Most mathematicians work full time.
Most mathematicians work time.
Most most mathematicians work full time.
Most most mathematicians work time.
Some most mathematicians work for federal government.
Some most mathematicians work for government.
Most microorganisms cause diseases.
Most modern mammals maintain body temperature.
Most modern mammals maintain constant body temperature.
Most modern mammals maintain constant temperature.
Most modern mammals maintain temperature.
Most modern plants produce nectar.
Most modern reptiles have hearts.
Most new world monkeys have prehensile tails.
Most new world monkeys have tails.
Most nocturnal animals have eyes.
Some most observers have selections.
Most other arthropods consume food.
Most other arthropods consume solid food.
Most other arthropods have eyes.
Most other flower plants release seeds.
Most other insects have wings.
Most other insects produce sound.
Most other mammals have glands.
Most other plants have deep roots.
Most other plants have roots.
Most other plants release seeds.
Most paleontologists hold fossilize jaws.
Most paleontologists hold jaws.
Most most paleontologists hold fossilize jaws.
Most most paleontologists hold jaws.
Most patients develop infection.
Most patients follow diets.
Most patients have diseases.
Most patients have illnesses.
Most patients have symptoms.
Most patients receive treatments.
Most patients recover from gastroenteritis.
Most patients require antibiotic therapy.
Most patients require care.
Most patients require hospital care.
Most patients should have problems.
Most patients undergo measurements.
Most most patients develop infection.
Most most patients follow diets.
Most most patients have diseases.
Most most patients have illnesses.
Most most patients have symptoms.
Most most patients receive treatments.
Most most patients recover from gastroenteritis.
Most most patients require antibiotic therapy.
Most most patients require care.
Most most patients require hospital care.
Most most patients undergo measurements.
Some most patients are diagnosed with diseases.
Some most patients diagnose with diabetes.
Some most patients enjoy quality.
Some most patients find finish.
Some most patients find symptoms.
Some most patients find tests.
Some most patients have cirrhosis.
Some most patients have stage tumors.
Some most patients have tumors.
Some most patients lose vision.
Some most patients present with features.
Some most patients receive corticosteroids.
Some most patients require monitors.
Some most patients take time.
All most people have to do to lose weight is to cut the quantity of each food they eat each day.
All most people see is the final product.
Most pets eat regular dog food.
Most most pets eat regular dog food.
Some most philosophers pay much attention.
Most potential readers have chances.
Most prokaryotes have flagella.
Most most prokaryotes have flagella.
Some most prokaryotes have cell structures.
Some most prokaryotes have cell walls.
Some most prokaryotes have structures.
Some most prokaryotes have walls.
Most queens survive winter.
Most most queens survive winter.
Most restaurant meals contain sodium.
Most rotifers collect food.
Most most rotifers collect food.
Some most rotifers have eyes.
Some most rotifers have feet.
Most scientists accept descents.
Most scientists draw clear distinction.
Most scientists draw distinction.
Most scientists find ideas.
Most scientists have ideas.
Most scientists must have computer skills.
Most scientists must have excellent computer skills.
Most scientists must have skills.
Most scientists realize theories.
Most scientists recognize genus.
Most scientists recognize humans.
Most scientists recognize orangutans.
Most scientists recognize power.
Most scientists see logic.
Most scientists work full time.
Most scientists work time.
Most most scientists accept descents.
Most most scientists draw clear distinction.
Most most scientists draw distinction.
Most most scientists find ideas.
Most most scientists have ideas.
Most most scientists realize theories.
Most most scientists recognize genus.
Most most scientists recognize humans.
Most most scientists recognize orangutans.
Most most scientists recognize power.
Most most scientists see logic.
Most most scientists work full time.
Most most scientists work time.
Some most scientists use contact.
Most seeds provide sufficient nutrients.
Most most seeds provide sufficient nutrients.
Most serious infection requires attention.
Most serious infection requires medical attention.
Most small birds live in regions.
Some most smokers share friends.
Some most states require community health workers.
Most successful men have wives.
Most suicide victims give statements.
Most teenagers have grow pain.
Most teenagers have pain.
Most most teenagers have grow pain.
Most most teenagers have pain.
Most terrestrial animals excrete waste.
Most terrestrial animals have lungs.
Most terrestrial plants share features.
Most theropods have eyes.
Most theropods have teeth.
Most most theropods have eyes.
Most most theropods have teeth.
Some most theropods rely on hands.
Most vertebrates excrete waste.
Most vertebrates have boundaries.
Most vertebrates have distinct boundaries.
Most vertebrates have necks.
Most vertebrates have skin.
Most vertebrates have teeth.
Most vertebrates possess guts.
Most most vertebrates excrete waste.
Most most vertebrates have boundaries.
Most most vertebrates have distinct boundaries.
Most most vertebrates have necks.
Most most vertebrates have skin.
Most most vertebrates have teeth.
Most viral diseases cause symptoms.
MosValve technology provides the warmth and tonality of a tube amplifier with none of the hassles.
A mot is wit
Mot also returns to life and they renew their war.
MOT combines the best features of a dictionary and a computer.
Mot is Av.
Mot likes a good lap.
MOT means a motion hearing.
MOT normally exceeds the base cost of the underlying fuel.
MOT plans to allocate funds to subsidize airport-landing charges in smaller cities.
MOT reserves the right to make corrections and changes to the site at any time without notice.
MOTs are pollutant levels set a fixed percentage above the limit value.
Mots are tests.
Mots dor s pour un si cle de fer.
Mots eat the carcasses carrying the mrow eggs.
MOT's to substantiate.
A mote is a material
Motes swim in sparse filtered sunshafts.
A motel is a hotel
Motel decks each have their own lawn chairs.
Motel features outdoor pool and bus parking.
Motel gives free breakfast.
Motel gives free newspaper.
Motel receipts if the trip entails staying overnight.
Motels are all near interchange.
Motels are also available nearby.
Motels are also available.
Motels are available for the less hearty.
Motels are available in communities north and south of the Sea itself.
Motels are available in Cortez.
Motels are available in Morris and Alexandria.
Motels are available in nearby towns.
Motels are available in Paris.
Motels are available in the vicinity.
Motels are available in town, along with plenty of restaurants.
Motels are bands.
Motels are close by.
Motels are establishments.
Motels are few and unexceptional.
Motels are generally less expensive than hotels.
Motels are immediately on the left.
Motels are located in countries.
Motels are located in major cities.
Motels are located in showers.
Motels are located in towns.
Motels are more likely to allow a pet in a carrier.
Motels are nearby.
Motels are numerous, but frequently reservations are required.
Motels are often very cheap but the quality varies a lot.
Motels are places.
Motels are right there.
Motels are the best bet for drivers, since they offer similar facilities at lower rates.
Motels are typically big units that usually have full kitchen facilities.
Motels are used for guests.
Motels are used for hot showers.
Motels are used for illicit sex.
Motels are used for overnight stays.
Motels are used for people.
Motels are used for resting.
Motels are used for rests.
Motels are used for sleeping.
Motels are used for travelers.
Motels are within two miles of the lodge.
Motels are within walking and short driving distances.
Motels carry in-room, on demand, pornographic movies.
Motels crowd the shoreline.
Motels do tend to fill up well in advance of the desired dates.
Motels fill up early.
Motels Find out the evil of motel shampoo.
Motels have no gradings.
Motels have refrigerators.
Motels normally offer, in addition to the standard studio unit, one and two bedroom units.
Motels now outnumber hotels - two to one.
Motels offer excellent accommodation along with good restaurants serving fine, local food.
Motels pitch cheap deals.
Mutations cause a-thalassaemia.
Mutations cause haemophilia A and haemophilia B, respectively.
Mutations cause information to be lost.
Mutations cause plant structures to grow in unusual places, such as carpels in the place of sepals.
Mutations cause various differences between the offspring and their parents.
Mutations change gene product.
Mutations come in many varieties.
Mutations confer a high risk of breast cancer.
Mutations conferring tropism changes can result in escape from neutralization and vice versa.
Mutations continue to accumulate, and the cell begins growing out of control.
Mutations create variation in the gene pool by causing new traits to appear over time.
Mutations disrupt telomere silencing.
Mutations do much more than cause genetic disorders or cancers.
Mutations do occur, but at very low frequencies.
Mutations don t create new, useful information.
Mutations generally occur in families with very early onset disease.
Mutations give the organ a rich, bright sound.
Mutations happen for several reasons.
Mutations happen to individuals.
Mutations increase the amount of variation among offspring.
Mutations increase variability.
Mutations involving the beta chain are common in people of southern European extraction.
Mutations involving the rearrangement of the DNA nucleotides is caused in four distinct ways.
Mutations is, what makes the evolution continue and what caused the development of the species.
Mutations lacking references below are new unpublished mutations.
Mutations lead to cancer.
Mutations lead to extreme obesity.
Mutations lead to non-functioning or abnormal proteins leading to disease.
Mutations lead to variation, raw material for evolution.
Mutations listed in green are non-truncating.
Mutations occur all the time in living organisms.
Mutations occur all the time.
Mutations occur and the beast remains at the same spot on the fitness landscape.
Mutations occur at rates characteristic of loci , and the type of mutational change .
Mutations occur during practically every cell division.
Mutations occur in only fruit flies and molds.
Mutations occur only when cells divide and produce inaccurate copies of genes.
Mutations occur randomly and without purpose.
Mutations occur randomly, that is, any gene can undergo mutation at any time.
Mutations occur randomly.
Mutations occur through time.
Mutations occur when DNA molecules are exposed to agents known as mutagens.
Mutations occur when the genetic code of DNA changes and come in many different forms.
Mutations occur, life evolves and individuals and species adapt or die out at alarming rates.
Mutations only derange genetic information.
Mutations probably exist in every gene within the human population.
Mutations produce chaos with genetic accident after accident, most of which are eventually fatal.
Mutations produce chaos, deformity and disability to already well organized animals.
Mutations produce much of the variability on which natural selection operates.
Mutations produce new alleles.
Mutations provide random changes and natural selection concentrates the beneficial features.
Mutations provide the basis for evolutionary change.
Mutations provide the variation that enables populations to evolve.
Mutations release the cell from the constraint.
Mutations resulting from such errors are spontaneous mutations.
Mutations resulting in high affinity haemoglobins result in impaired oxygen release.
Mutations take place regularly.
Mutations take place, but they are either reversible, deteriorative, or neutral.
Mutations tend to be more often destructive than constructive.
Mutations always cause the loss or damage of previously existing information.
Mutations always decrease an organism's fitness.
Mutations always occur at random across every genome.
Mutations often cause cancer and viral and bacterial resistance to antibiotics.
Mutations usually occur only once in every ten million duplications of a DNA molecule.
All mutations are equally probable.
All mutations are harmful and deadly.
All mutations are harmful.
All mutations are obscured until the mutant takes a combat action where they are revealed.
All mutations are singular in their origins.
All mutations have an effect on the phenotype.
All mutations result in the expression of protein on the surface of the HeLa cells.
Any mutation has the potential to inhibit the formation of a needed enzyme.
Many mutations affect only one family.
Many mutations are apparently neutral, however, causing no visible effect.
Many mutations are harmful but a few are advantageous.
Many mutations are harmful.
Many mutations are pleiotropic - they have more than one phenotypic effect.
Many mutations are so minor that they have no visible effect.
Many mutations clearly are deleterious to the organism, probably even lethal.
Many mutations have little effect on an organism's phenotype, health, and reproductive fitness .
Many mutations have no detectable phenotypic effect.
Many mutations make no difference.
More mutations creep into the information, the situation gets worse and worse, and a cancer arises.
Most mutation affects gamete quality.
Most mutation affects growth.
Most mutation affects metamorphosis.
Most mutation affects quality.
Most mutation affects shapes.
Most mutation affects transmissions.
Most mutation affects wing shapes.
Most mutation causes absence.
Most mutation causes effects.
Most mutation causes negative effects.
Most mutation has consequences.
Most mutation has evolution.
Most mutation leads to conditions.
Most mutation provides evidence.
Most mutation provides features.
Most mutation provides novel features.
Most mutations are .
Most mutations are beneficial and help a species evolve.
Most mutations are beneficial to the organism.
Most mutations are caused by radiation or replication errors.
Most mutations are deleterious, reducing protein function.
Most mutations are deletions of one or several exons in the dystrophin gene.
Most mutations are disadvantageous, but some are advantageous.
Most mutations are either neutral or deleterious.
Most mutations are either neutral or harmful.
Most mutations are evolutionary neutral.
Most mutations are fatal to the organism.
Most mutations are harmful and decrease the chance of survival.
Most mutations are harmful, but a small percentage can be beneficial.
Most mutations are harmful, some have no effect on survival, and very few lead to new species.
Most mutations are harmful.
Most mutations are presumed to be neutral, having no effect on cellular behavior.
Most mutations are recessive and beneficial.
Most mutations are recessive.
Most mutations are the result of errors in the replication process.
Most mutations are very nearly neutral.
Most mutations arise spontaneously.
Most mutations arise when some aspect of the sequence is changed.
Most mutations can revert with some frequency, even if slight.
Most mutations confer a beneficial biochemical trait to the bacterial cell.
Most mutations create a premature termination codon.
Most mutations disrupt the existing design of the organism and hence hinder reproduction.
Most mutations have a minor affect.
Most mutations have either bad or no effects.
Most mutations have no effect on the individual, but some mutations cause disease.
Most mutations have no phenotypic effect.
Most mutations observed by scientists are detrimental to the organism.
Most mutations occur in males.
Most mutations occur in somatic cells and are lost when the individual dies.
Most mutations result in recessive genes.
Some mutations frequently occur during meiosis.
Some mutation affects cell separation.
Some mutation affects cell survival.
Some mutation affects chromosome inheritances.
Some mutation affects color.
Some mutation affects development.
Some mutation affects excretion.
Some mutation affects functions.
Some mutation affects hair color.
Some mutation affects health.
Some mutation affects inheritances.
Some mutation affects interaction.
Some mutation affects livestock.
Some mutation affects melanocyte development.
Some mutation affects membranous ossification.
Some mutation affects necessary steps.
Some mutation affects normal functions.
Some mutation affects ossification.
Some mutation affects separation.
Some mutation affects sodium excretion.
Some mutation affects steps.
Some mutation affects survival.
Some mutation affects synthesis.
Some mutation affects width.
Some mutation causes accumulation.
Some mutation causes albinism.
Some mutation causes cancer.
Some mutation causes cell death.
Some mutation causes death.
Some mutation causes disorder.
Some mutation causes dispersion.
Some mutation causes distribution.
Some mutation causes down syndromes.
Some mutation causes elevation.
Some mutation causes family cancer syndromes.
Some mutation causes fixation.
Some mutation causes genetic disorder.
Some mutation causes health problems.
Some mutation causes high level resistance.
Some mutation causes high resistance.
Some mutation causes ossification.
Some mutation causes problems.
Some mutation causes resistance.
Some mutation causes serious problems.
Some mutation causes syndromes.
Some mutation changes color.
Some mutation changes skin color.
Some mutation happens in the gene regulation region.
Some mutation has dramatic effects.
Some mutation has effects.
Some mutation has little effects.
Some mutation has minimal effects.
Some mutation has negative effects.
Some mutation has opposite effects.
Some mutation has phenotypic effects.
Some mutation has positive effects.
Some mutation has random effects.
Some mutation has same effects.
Some mutation has serious effects.
Some mutation has significant effects.
Some mutation has strong effects.
Some mutation increases thickness.
Some mutation increases wall thickness.
Some mutation leads to activations.
Some mutation leads to autosomal disorder.
Some mutation leads to death.
Some mutation leads to development.
Some mutation leads to disorder.
Some mutation leads to effects.
Some mutation leads to genetic variation.
Some mutation leads to growth.
Some mutation leads to responses.
Some mutation leads to speciation.
Some mutation leads to tumor development.
Some mutation leads to variation.
Some mutation makes food.
Some mutation occurs in code regions.
Some mutation occurs in regions.
Some mutation occurs in sites.
Some mutation plays major roles.
Some mutation plays roles.
Some mutation produces blue color.
Some mutation produces color.
Some mutation produces dark color.
Some mutation produces fleshy skin.
Some mutation produces grey color.
Some mutation produces pink skin.
Some mutation produces rich blue color.
Some mutation produces rich color.
Some mutation produces skin.
Some mutation shows effects.
Some mutations actually cause life-threatening forms of low blood pressure in newborns.
Some mutations alter gene number or sequence.
Some mutations appear to be more benign than others.
Some mutations are beneficial , some are harmful .
Some mutations are beneficial, although most are harmful.
Some mutations are beneficial, some harmful.
Some mutations are completely penetrant - an individual with the mutation always gets the disease.
Some mutations are good.
Some mutations are harder to find than others.
Some mutations are harmful to the virus and leave it unable to reproduce.
Some mutations are harmless, but others can lead to cancer and birth defects.
Some mutations are in genes that code for proteins.
Some mutations are in silent areas of the gene and are never expressed.
Some mutations are lethal and completely inhibit further viral replication.
Some mutations are neutral.
Some mutations are silent.
Some mutations benefit the generations that follow.
Some mutations can be good, in fact helping a species to thrive at the expense of others.
Some mutations can be lethal if the allele is present as a double dose.
Some mutations can resist an antiviral drug and continue to multiply.
Some mutations cause cells in the imaginal disk to assume the wrong identity or to die.
Some mutations cause severe disease, and others cause more benign forms of the disease.
Some mutations create new alleles.
Some mutations do cause sufficient change in protein structure to affect fitness.
Some mutations happen in genes.
Some mutations have little or no effect on the overall functioning of the cell.
Some mutations have negligible effect on fitness, and are therefore effectively neutral.
Some mutations have significant wavelength shifts and most suffer a loss of fluorescence intensity.
Some mutations help the virus survive, while others cripple it.
Some mutations occur in so-called regulatory genes .
Some mutations result in a reduced rate of hemoglobin synthesis.
Some mutations retain there space filling properties.
Some mutations seem more rapidly symptomatic than others and cause symptoms in early life.
Some mutations seem to be susceptible to kidney damage when fed pellets.
Mutational analysis is possible in the three major categories - simplex, junctional, and dystrophic.
Every mutational change is a step in the right direction.
Mutational studies implicate MPs, CPs and replicases.
Mute button allows user to eliminate side tones in noisy areas.
Mute button mute audio to the sound board.
Mute buttons are present for quick checks of effect presence.
Mute buttons are worth their weight in gold.
Mute creatures have no thoughts.
Mute function is independently selectable.
Mute light blinks when in use.
MUTE mode is on.
Mute monsters thrive, come alive.
A mute swan is a swan
Mute swans are a familiar and impressive sight in Britain.
Mute swans are all white in color, with black feet and bill, and some black coloring on the face.
Mute swans are also generally quieter than trumpeter swans, which have a loud trumpet-like call.
Mute swans are also one of the heaviest flying birds.
Mute swans are an agressive invasive species along the East Coast.
Mute swans are an agressive invasive species.
Mute swans are basically non-migratory.
Mute swans are birds.
Mute swans are herbivorous, eating vegetables, water weeds and seeds.
Mute swans are large, conspicuous birds and have little fear of humans.
Mute swans are large, powerful, and often dangerous.
Mute swans are relatively long-lived, contributing to their population growth.
Mute swans are swans.
Mute swans are the largests birds encountered in the republic.
Mute swans are usually silent, as the name suggests.
Mute swans begin nesting in the early spring.
Mute swans can be very aggressive in defence of their nests.
Mute swans continue to be a source of aesthetic pleasure and artistic inspiration for many people.
Mute swans have keen vision and hearing.
Mute swans impact aquatic vegetation communities through their grazing.
Mute swans plunge their head and long neck below the water's surface to graze.
Most mute swans breed at age three and remain with the same mate for life.
A mute is a device
MUTE is optional, but it very handy.
Mutes also make great stack-stuffers.
Mutes are common used by string and brass players.
Mutes are software.
Mutes give the affected channels as well as the event reference to which each is related.
Muted chimes echo from a distant bell. . . .
Muted colors become festive with hidden subtleties and textures.
Muted colors dominate that tunnel most of the time.
Muted colors provide an effective background.
Muted colors work best.
Muted colours are best.
Muted explosions appear as well, adding more menace to the scene.
Muted horns echo distantly and gradually swell into a brief, subdued triumph.
Muted illustrations add to the nostalgic view.
Muted lighting casts a warm glow against charming, wooden-beamed ceilings.
Muted pain lingers on.
Muted pattern coordinates with all other napkin and table linen fabrics for great texture teamwork.
Muted strings intone a hushed prayerlike passage.
Muted strings intone a hushed, prayer-like passage.
Muted strings intone a hushed, prayerlike passage.
Muted tracks appear in a darker colour in the song window.
Muted versions are by family members that are close to one another.
Muted watercolours complement the tender, gentle storyline.
Mutilated bodies fill, piling brick side.
Mutilated coins are only redeemable through the United States Mint.
Mutilated genitalia reduces or eliminates a women's pleasure during the act.
Mutilated notes are notes, which are torn, disfigured, burnt, washed, eaten by white ants, etc.
A mutilation is an injury
Mutilation bounces back and forth between metaphors of self to literalizations of paranoia.
Mutilation is about inflicting injury, but the aspects of pain are less conceptually homogeneous.
Mutilation is mutilation.
Mutilation relieves the tension and allows some control to be regained over the emotions.
Mutilations are injuries.
Some mutillid wasps have a painful sting even though they look like relatively innocuous ants.
Mutilple user can interactively model same scene.
A mutineer is a rebel
Mutineers attack the fort, and are defeated.
Mutineers can sometimes succeed in their aims.
Mutinous vibrations are most definitely afoot.
Mutism is a condition
Mutism occurs as a late feature.
A muton is a base
Mutons are their enemy, that's the story line anyway.
A mutt is a dog
Mutts are less prone to the genetic diseases that afflict many purebred dogs.
Mutts are like custom cars or a tailor made suit.
Mutts are usually healthier.
Mutts are welcome at a variety of dog-related events and activities.
Mutts are wonderful dogs.
Mutts have individuality.
Mutts often make excellent kid dogs.
Mutton- birds are fairly large so the snakes can only eat the chicks to a certain size.
Mutual abstinence becomes an expression of love and respect.
Mutual acceptance is the key.
Mutual accommodation is the preferred domestic strategy for managing civil conflicts.
Mutual accountability is an essential part of learning.
Mutual accountability is part of an integrated program.
Mutual accusations range from treason to patriotism.
Mutual admiration helps nothing but the ego.
Mutual admiration is another bond.
Mutual admiration is no substitute for action.
Mutual adoptions are like that.
Mutual adoration is often just a step away from blind hatred.
Mutual advantage is an alternative model that is at least as interesting and important.
Mutual affection is promoted.
Mutual affection is sympathy
Mutual affirmation is easy when real-life demands are lacking.
Mutual agreement determines site and day of game.
Mutual agreement has enough information.
Mutual agreement has information.
Mutual agreement takes precedence over imposed outcomes.
Most mutual agreement has enough information.
Most mutual agreement has information.
Mutual aid arrives from all over.
Mutual aid can span networks by providing opportunities for employment.
Mutual aid comes up against state and capital's waste and miltiarism.
Mutual aid is a complex and dynamic process.
Mutual aid is a more global attitude.
Mutual aid is a reciprocal agreement between two or more fire protection agencies.
Mutual aid is also the core of the forest fire reporting system .
Mutual aid is another useful tool to have when fighting criminal activity.
Mutual aid is another word for cooperation, but it has a more specific meaning.
Mutual aid is available with neighboring cities.
Mutual aid is directed toward fellow church members.
Mutual aid is in effect.
Mutual aid is mutual aid.
Mutual aid is support
Mutual aid is the condition of successful social living.
Mutual aid is the logical choice of free autonomous individuals.
Mutual aid is the over-riding principle in human existence.
Mutual aid seeks to meet the special material and physical needs that arise among church members.
Mutual aid works well.
Mutual antagonism runs very deep.
Mutual assent is an elementary requirement for a binding contract.
Mutual assent is manifested in an offer , acceptance , and consideration .
Mutual assent refers to a meeting of the minds on a specific subject.
Mutual Assistance appreciates it deeply.
Mutual assistance is more difficult, since the Haitian people are materially poor.
Mutual assistance is naturally one of the manifest functions of an alumni association.
Mutual attention develops as interaction takes place.
Mutual attraction is also necessary.
Mutual attractions do occur between students and teaching assistants.
Mutual authentication adds an additional step where the client authenticates the server.
Mutual authentication is stronger.
Mutual authentication is supported automatically by some authorization services.
Mutual authentication makes it possible to detect and isolate rogue access points.
Neurogenic pain is pain which arises from damaged nerves or from amputation.
Neurogenic shock is due to a loss of vasomotor sympathetic tone in spinal cord injury.
Neurogenic shock is due to disorders of the nervous system.
A neuroglia is animal tissue
A neuroglia is plant tissue
Neuroglia are cells of the nervous system that help protect and support it.
Neuroglia are the supportive cells of nerve tissue.
Neuroglia are the supportive cells of nervetissue.
A neuroglial cell is a vegetative cell
Neuroglial cells are a type of connective tissue.
Neuroglial cells are capable of reproduction.
Neuroglial cells are helper cells that support and protect neurons.
Neuroglial nuclei surround the neuron.
Neurohormonal activation occurs.
A neurohormone is a hormone
Neurohormones are hormones that affect nerve cells.
A neuroleptic drug is tranquilizer
Neuroleptic drugs differ in their affinity for cholinoceptors.
Neuroleptic medications are the major groups of medications used to treat psychotic symptoms.
A neuroleptic is tranquilizer
Neuroleptics also are extremely helpful for treating mania.
Neuroleptics are a class of drugs used to treat psychiatric disorders.
Neuroleptics are dopamine ant agonist.
Neuroleptics are the drugs of choice for treating the symptoms of schizophrenia.
Neuroleptics are the most effective drugs in the treatment of chorea.
Neuroleptics can feel like torture for many people.
Neuroleptics can have adverse side effects related to many organs and systems in the body.
Neuroleptics have a consistent modest effect in agitated patients.
Neuroleptics have a modest, but broad therapeutic effect on symptoms in all domains.
Neuroleptics have low abuse potential.
Neuroleptics help some people but in some they cause death.
Neuroleptics induce peptidases and diet of course reduces the peptide load.
Neuroleptics make the patient calm .
Neuroleptics make the patient calm.
Neurologic abnormalities are a frequent complication of both viral infections.
Neurologic abnormalities are absent.
Neurologic abnormalities are generally absent as is glossitis.
Neurologic abnormalities are rare.
Neurologic complications appear after varying latent intervals.
Neurologic complications can be lethal.
Neurologic complications can occur in achondroplasia.
Neurologic damage is often irreversible.
Neurologic deficits are absent.
Neurologic deficits are multiple with remissions and exarcebassion gradually causing disability.
Neurologic deficits are usually symmetrical.
Neurologic development is normal.
Neurologic disease can occur before or after the acute infection.
Many neurologic diseases occur as a result of a lesion at a single anatomic site.
Neurologic effects can occur including effects on vision, muscle pain and motor skills.
Neurologic evaluation is normal.
Neurologic exam is normal.
Neurologic exam is otherwise unremarkable.
Neurologic exam reveals no abnormal reflexes and diffuse flaccidity.
Neurologic examination can reveal variable cranial nerve involvement.
Neurologic examination confirms leg weakness and decreased sensation in the legs.
Neurologic examination is normal.
Neurologic examination shows evidence of pyramidal tract involvement and occasional muscle atrophy.
Neurologic examination shows slight hyperactivity of the tendon reflexes on the right.
Neurologic factors appear to play a primary role in major depressive episodes.
Neurologic injury is also uncommon.
Neurologic involvement can result in specific problems depending on the location.
Neurologic involvement is frequent and manifests as meningitis or encephalitis.
Neurologic involvement is limited to a few peripheral nerves.
Neurologic involvement is more common in patients with antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
Neurologic involvement is the most common complication of neurofibromatosis.
Neurologic involvement is the most difficult.
Neurologic involvement is widespread.
Neurologic involvement occurs less often and includes altered sensorium and numbness of extremities.
Neurologic manifestations are a result of the location of the insult in the brain.
Neurologic manifestations are frequent and varied.
Neurologic manifestations occur particularly in the heriditary and primary forms of amyloidosis.
Neurologic monitoring is required to detect delayed neurologic deterioration.
Neurologic problems can result.
Some neurologic problems require emergency action before a neurologist can be consulted.
Some neurologic problems require urgent medical attention.
Neurologic signs including weakness and ataxia, suggesting distemper, are also common.
Neurologic signs suggest stroke, a demyelinating disorder, or a structural lesion.
Neurologic symptoms are also a common finding.
Neurologic symptoms can be severe.
Neurologic symptoms develop later.
Neurologic symptoms vary with location of nerve impingement.
Neurological abnormalities are common.
Neurological abnormalities are frequent and mainly caused by a stenosis of the spinal canal.
Neurological changes associated with aging can cause dysfunction to both static and dynamic balance.
Neurological changes involve the lateral cortical tracts and fasciculus gracilis.
Neurological complications are also rare.
Neurological complications are usually temporary.
Neurological complications can occur with impaired function of the spinal cord during the operation.
Many neurological conditions are much more prevalent in males than in females.
Some neurological conditions affect hedgehogs.
Some neurological conditions affect larynxes.
Neurological consultation is available to assess such patients through other clinics however.
Neurological damage can be evident long after the parasites leave the kidneys.
Neurological damage can be severe and is irreversible.
Neurological damage can show up in some children as learning difficulties and behavioral problems.
Neurological damage includes deterioration.
Neurological damage leads to conditions.
Most neurological damage includes deterioration.
Most neurological damage leads to conditions.
Neurological deficits can also sometimes be a cause of the violent and anti-social behavior.
A neurological disease is disorder
Neurological disease is a structural disturbance or a malfunction of the central nervous system.
Neurological diseases affect several million people in the United States.
Neurological diseases are illnesses.
Neurological diseases can present as lameness, weakness, paralysis, seizures, or behavioral changes.
Many neurological diseases are also directly related to aging.
Many neurological diseases are directly related to aging.
Many neurological diseases can affect humans.
Some neurological diseases are caused by ingestion.
Neurological disorder influences attitude.
Neurological disorder is disorder
Neurological disorders are a vast medical problem.
Neurological disorders do seem to be among the most common childhood ailments in the Middle East.
Neurological disorders progress rapidly and incapacitate the victim.
Some neurological disorder affects pupils.
Some neurological disorder causes motor movement.
Some neurological disorder causes movement.
Some neurological disorder causes unusual movement.
Some neurological disorder is caused by parasites.
Some neurological disorders are very common.
Some neurological disorders result from tumours within the central nervous system.
Neurological dysfunction is assessed by looking at conscious level , pupils and posture .
Neurological effects are another concern associated with synthetic musks.
Neurological effects are varied and unusual at times.
Neurological evidence supports the idea that Archaeopteryx was a rather accomplished flyer.
Neurological exam is normal in the extremity.
Neurological examination is nonspecific, without localizing signs.
Neurological examination is normal except for generalized weakness.
Neurological examination is normal.
Neurological examination is uremarkable except for some mild difficulty when walking in tandem.
Neurological examination reveals no abnormalities with the primary form of the disorder.
Neurological examination shows the following abnormalities.
Neurological examinations are normal.
Neurological examinations reveal weakness.
Most neurological examinations reveal weakness.
Neurological findings range from normal development to psychomotor retardation and hydrocephalus.
Neurological fitness is fundamental.
Some neurological illnesses cause paralysis.
Neurological impairments can be difficult to diagnose and to treat.
Neurological inefficiencies effect how our brains receive, process, store and utilize information.
Neurological inefficiencies effect how our brains receive, process, store, and utilize information.
Neurological involvement is common.
Neurological limitations constrain our information-processing capabilities.
Neurological manifestations are frequent and varied.
Neurological manifestations occur to variable degrees.
Neurological organization culminates at the top cortical level of the brain.
Neurological principles are the basis for all learning.
Neurological problems can complicate caregiving.
Neurological recovery is modest and takes months to years.
Neurological rehabilitation involves helping patients recover from brain and spinal cord injuries.
Neurological SAMe improves the binding of neurotransmitters to their receptors sites in the brain.
Neurological signs are also apparent, manifested by rhythmic whole-body tremors.
Neurological surgeons undergo six to eight years of rigorous training following medical school.
Neurological surgery encompasses disorders of the brain, meninges, skull, and blood supply.
Neurological surgery is performed to treat disability or pain symptoms.
Neurological symptoms can last a few days, several months, or years.
Neurological symptoms can precede hematological ones.
Neurological symptoms caused by domoic acid include confusion, memory loss and disorientation.
Neurological symptoms occur in about one-fourth of persons with fibromyalgia.
Neurological symptoms persisting for more than seven days indicate a migrainous infarction.
Neurological tests are in the works.
Neurological tests suggest mild demyelinative desease of sensory nerves.
Neurological toxicity increases the longer a person is forced to consume disulfiram.
Neurological trauma causes thousands of deaths and devastating irreversible tragedies annually.
A neurologist is a specialist
Neurologist is no help at all.
Neurologist join other.
Neurologists also deal with seizures.
Neurologists also treat some diseases of the muscle.
Neurologists are also available to provide the entire spectrum of neurosurgical services.
Neurologists are available for the pharmacological treatment of strokes and TIAs.
Neurologists are doctors.
Neurologists are interested in the diagnosis and progression of neuromuscular diseases.
Neurologists are medical doctors who study the brain.
Neurologists are often the primary care physicians for patients with server neurological disorders.
Neurologists are principal care providers or consultants to other physicians.
Neurologists are specialists in the neurologic system.
Neurologists are specialists.
Neurologists are the medical doctors who diagnose and treat problems with the nervous system.
Neurologists believe that G force caused a vessel to rupture.
Neurologists can also choose an academic career in research and education.
Neurologists can now see some forms of memory in operation.
Neurologists care for all age groups.
Neurologists divide multiple sclerosis into two types.
Neurologists know more about typical TN than they do about other types of facial pain.
Neurologists know that vulnerable people can go into seizure when exposed to flashing lights.
Neurologists like to figure things out.
Neurologists love to observe and measure.
Neurologists now know that early reversals are a normal developmentsl stage for many children.
Neurologists specialize in brain and central nervous system disorders.
Neurologists specialize in disorders of the brain and central nervous system.
Neurologists specialize in neuralgias.
Neurologists treat disorders of the nervous system, brain, spinal cord, nerves, muscles and pain.
Neurologists understand the human brain and brain processes well.
Neurologists use many forms of medication to treat problems involving the nervous system.
Neurologists vary in their recommendations concerning driving.
Neurologists frequently combine epilepsy medications.
Neurologists often call it acute confusional state.
Neurologists usually divide the pain syndromes into two groups.
Many neurologists believe brand-name medications are preferable to generic products.
Many neurologists have additional training in one area of neurology.
Many neurologists recognize that hormonally related migraines remain the most difficult to treat.
Many neurologists rely on yearly contrast-enhanced scans to detect tumour progression.
Most neurologists are big advocates of rehab.
Most neurologists now tend to favour the latter.
Most neurologists treat headache but few specialize in it.
Some neurologists also practice surgery.
Some neurologists have particular experience in diagnosing dementia.
Some neurologists specialize in diagnosing and treating epilepsy.
A neurology is a medical science
Neurologies are medical science.
Neurologies are medicine.
Neurology is a difficult subject and requires the memorization of vocubulary and complex processes.
Neurology is a field that presents many opportunities for research and clinical innovation.
Neurology is a very intellectually challenging and interesting rotation.
Neurology is but skin deep.
Neurology is changing so fast, that some information is outdated almost as soon as it written.
Neurology is directed to physicians concerned with diseases and conditions of the nervous system.
Neurology is included as a required third course for graduation.
Neurology is paradoxical.
Neurology is the appropriate consulting service if the diagnosis is in question.
Neurology is the branch of science dealing with the nervous system, both normal and in disease.
Neurology is the science which treats of nerves and their disorder.
Neurology is the specialized field of medicine that deals with disorders of the nervous system.
Neurology is the study of muscle, synapse, nerve, brain and spinal cord structure and function.
Neurology is the study of the bodies nervous system.
Neurology is thus an important area related to mercury.
Neurology maintains an active outpatient clinic, an inpatient service and a consultation service.
Neurology provides both inpatient care, consultative service as well as outpatient care.
Neuromagnetic fields reveal cortical plasticity when learning an auditory discrimination task.
Neuromuscular blockade is reversed before extubation.
Neuromuscular coordination improves.
Neuromuscular diseases are conditions affecting muscles and the nervous system.
Neuromuscular diseases are either hereditary or acquired.
Neuromuscular disorders affect individuals of all ages, socioeconomic backgrounds and ethnicity.
Neuromuscular disorders affect the nerves that control voluntary muscles including arms and legs.
All neuromuscular disorders have a genetic cause.
Some neuromuscular disorders can interfere with digestive processes, including elimination.
Neuromuscular disturbance outlasts other symptoms of exercise-induced muscle damage.
Neuromuscular disturbances are the most common.
Neuromuscular disturbances are the most prominent.
Neuromuscular facilitation is very important for events such as high jumping.
Neuromuscular habits affect the shortening or lengthening of muscles, and ability to function.
Neuromuscular junctions are the focal point where a motor neuron attaches to a muscle.
Neuromuscular junctions are the point where a motor neuron attaches to a muscle.
Neuromuscular massage can be very effective at increasing comfort.
Neuromuscular massage is a form of deep massage that is applied specifically to individual muscles.
Neuromuscular massage uses a firmer pressure with squeezing or pulling to get the muscle to relax.
Neuromuscular paralysis is the most dreadful complication of snake bite.
Neuromuscular pathology is taught in a weekly session with a neuropathologist.
Neuromuscular performance is also impaired long after alcohol is undetectable in blood.
Neuromuscular scoliosis is caused by diseases such as polio or cerebral palsy.
Neuromuscular synapses connect nerve terminals to muscle fibers.
Neuromuscular technique has many applications.
Neuromuscular toxicity is also a concern when Magnesium is used as a tocolytic.
Neuromuscular training can improve speed without increasing muscle mass.
Neuromuscular transmission is affected.
Neuromusculoskeletal tissues are organic viscoelastic substances.
A neuron is a vegetative cell
Neuron isa cell.
Neuron talks to chip, and chip to nerve cell.
Neurons act through waves of depolarization that travel down axons.
Neurons allow communication and coordinated functioning among various brain areas.
Neurons also die in response to various insults and external stress.
Neurons also have many receptor proteins for receiving chemical information from other neurons.
Neurons also seem surprisingly flexible.
Neurons also travel by using chemical signals.
Neurons also undergo programmed cell death.
Neurons appear to code stimuli in a language where the relative timing of events is important.
Neurons are a major class of cells in the nervous system.
Neurons are acutely sensitive to stress, possibly because they exhibit little or no stress response.
Neurons are also important for sending pain information to the brain.
Neurons are also unique in other respects, for example in their polarity.
Neurons are animal cells.
Neurons are arranged in ways to allow the transmission or processing of information.
Neurons are basically of two basic types, projection neurons and interneuons.
Neurons are brain cells that specialize in communication.
Neurons are but one kind of cell that can benefit from making proteins locally.
Neurons are cells in the body that control thought and physical movement.
Neurons are cells specialized for communication.
Neurons are cells that are similar to other cells.
Neurons are cells that are specialized for the transmission of information.
Neurons are cells.
Neurons are circles in various shades of pink.
Neurons are clustered into ganglia, which are connected by a nerve cord.
Neurons are connected by synapse .
Neurons are connected to one another in a highly organized way.
Neurons are directionally selective.
Neurons are discrete cells which communicate with each other via specialized junctions.
Neurons are examples of specialized cells.
Neurons are excitable cells that are the functional unit of the nervous system.
Neurons are excitable cells.
Neurons are extremely long-lived.
Neurons are flooded with excess calcium oxygen.
Neurons are found in both the endoderm and ectoderm.
Neurons are fully differentiated cells which are usually incapable of cell division.
Neurons are gas-guzzlers.
Neurons are good examples of how there can be growth without division.
Neurons are held together by supporting tissue.
Neurons are highly resistant to division.
Neurons are highly specialized communication tools.
Neurons are individaul nerve cells.
Neurons are individual nerve cells responsible for transmitting information throughout the body.
Neurons are information messengers.
Neurons are large cells with appropriately large nuclei.
Neurons are like little electric batteries.
Neurons are like small telephone wires running through the brain.
Neurons are located in vertebrates.
Neurons are more vulnerable than astrocytes or endothelial cells to ischemia.
Neurons are nerve cells that make up a large part of the nervous system.
Neurons are nerve cells that transmit information between the brain and the rest of the body.
Neurons are neurons.
Neurons are only cells having different characteristics than other cells.
Neurons are part of bodies.
Neurons are part of brains.
Neurons are part of nervous systems.
Neurons are particularly sensitive to hyponatremia.
Neurons are relatively intact inside the tumor.
Neurons are sensitive to certain types of changes in their surroundings.
Neurons are sensitive to correlations among synaptic inputs.
Neurons are simple gating devices.
Neurons are slow and the alarm signals are much faster.
Neurons are solid objects.
Neurons are somatic cells.
Neurons are special in that they are also electrically active.
Neurons are specialist cells that have lost the ability to reproduce themselves.
Neurons are specialized cells.
Neurons are specialized to transmit information throughout the body.
Neurons are specialized.
Neurons are specifically adapted cells that carry an electrical signal when stimulated.
Neurons are surrounded by a membrane.
Neurons are the basic anatomical and functional unit of the nervous system.
Neurons are the basic functional unit of the brain.
Neurons are the basic unit of the nervous system.
Neurons are the basic units of the nervous system.
Neurons are the brain cells that carry nerve impulses.
Neurons are the building blocks of the nervous system.
Neurons are the cells adapted for receiving and eliciting electrical signals.
Neurons are the cells of nerve tissue.
Neurons are the cells of the nervous system that carry information to and from the brain.
Neurons are the cells that process and transmit information in the brain.
Neurons are the electrically active, signaling cells of the nervous system.
Neurons are the functional unit of the nervous system.
Neurons are the fundamental building blocks of the nervous system.
Neurons are the longest lived of human cells.
Neurons are the most critical cells for brain function.
Neurons are the most important building blocks of the brain.
Neurons are the nerve cells within the brain.
Neurons are the nervous system s primary computing elements.
Neurons are the structures that serve as building blocks of the brain and nervous system.
Neurons are unique in that they are electrically active.
Neurons are very active secretory cells, producing proteins for transport out of the cell.
Neurons attach to it and grow axons, the long tails through which they send signals.
Neurons become dysfunctional, lose connections with other nerve cells and degenerate.
Neurons can also change and adapt, as the data and information changes.
Neurons can also die due to brain injury or disease.
Neurons can also grow new dendritic and axon branches and create new synapses with other neurons.
Neurons can be unipolar with a single axonal process or multipolar with more than two processes.
Neurons can be very long cells, but they are microscopic in size.
Neurons can convert dopamine into norepinephrine.
Neurons can express the receptor genes in either of two ways.
Neurons can extract energy from only a few, critical types of molecules.
Neurons can have multiple connections with none identical synaptic efficacies and delays.
Neurons can have passive or excitable membrane, or both.
Neurons can learn.
Neurons can regenerate to a small extent.
Neurons can show many different types of plastic responses after injury.
Neurons carry electrical messages.
Neurons carry messages throughout the nervous system.
Neurons carry messages using a chemical version of electricity.
Neurons carry out basic cellular processes like protein synthesis and energy production.
Neurons come in a large variety of shapes, sizes and forms.
Neurons come in a variety of shapes and sizes, but all have the same basic parts.
Neurons come in all sizes.
Neurons come in many shapes and sizes.
Neurons come in many shapes but share many common features.
Neurons come in many types and shapes.
Neurons come in several varieties, including sensory neurons, motor neurons, and interneurons.
Neurons communicate at synapse.
Neurons communicate by either chemical or electrical synapses.
Neurons communicate by sending chemical messengers across small gaps called synapses.
Neurons communicate by using chemical messengers like serotonin between cells.
Neurons communicate through electrical signals which travel between their axons.
Neurons communicate with each other a. at a synapse.
Neurons communicate with each other and with effector cells by means of synapses.
Neurons communicate with each other by an electrochemical process.
Neurons communicate with each other by sending signals through synapses.
Neurons communicate with each other through an electrochemical process.
Neurons communicate with each other through electrical discharges.
Neurons communicate with each other using a combination of electrical and chemical signalling.
Neurons communicate with each other via electrochemical events.
Neurons communicate with other cells by releasing neurotransmitters at synapses.
Neurons communicate with small electrical impulses called action potentials.
Neurons communicating with other neurons form our body's primary system, the nervous system.
Neurons compete for the minute amounts of trophic factors that are produced.
Neurons compete via their functional activity.
Neurons conduct signals in the form of tiny electrical impulses, known as spikes .
Neurons conduct signals in the form of tiny electrical impulses, known as spikes.
Neurons conduct signals in the form of tiny electrical impulses.
Neurons conform as ensembles to SELFs at many levels of organization and complexity.
Nobody gets free time from the new meters.
Nobody gets home.
Nobody gets hotter babes than hockey guys.
Nobody gets hurt, nobody dies.
Nobody gets immunity in the postseason.
Nobody gets in anymore.
Nobody gets in early.
Nobody gets in unless they are born into it.
Nobody gets in.
Nobody gets Indian colours easily.
Nobody gets into their dinghy without full foul-weather gear and a bailing bucket.
Nobody gets it all right.
Nobody gets it anymore.
Nobody gets it from there.
Nobody gets it just right the first time.
Nobody gets it right all the time and nobody is above criticism.
Nobody gets it right all the time.
Nobody gets it right the first time, or the second time, or the third.
Nobody gets it right the first time.
Nobody gets it right to correct the problem.
Nobody gets it up and down every time.
Nobody gets it without some breaks.
Nobody gets it, the feeling is wrong.
Nobody gets it.
Nobody gets lag either.
Nobody gets mad at the weatherman.
Nobody gets mad if someone else kicks.
Nobody gets mad.
Nobody gets marketing right.
Nobody gets more color out of greys.
Nobody gets more pussy than musicians.
Nobody gets naked.
Nobody gets nostalgic about that.
Nobody gets off and nobody gets in.
Nobody gets off easily.
Nobody gets off work or school.
Nobody gets on so there are no signs to give and no one to wave home.
Nobody gets on the plane.
Nobody gets onto the top of the charts by accident.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Nobody gets out alive anyways.
Nobody gets out alive, and people always get hurt.
Nobody gets out alive, anyway.
Nobody gets out of here alive.
Nobody gets out of here unscathed.
Nobody gets out of life alive.
Nobody gets out of the car.
Nobody gets out of the truck.
Nobody gets out.
Nobody gets over the loss of a father.
Nobody gets pasta with fish.
Nobody gets pregnant or comes down with a disease.
Nobody gets privileged treatment here.
Nobody gets rabies in the United States, right.
Nobody gets really upset when the public is irrationally buying.
Nobody gets rich doing small shows.
Nobody gets rich quick, it takes a couple of years to get going.
Nobody gets short-suited around here.
Nobody gets smart with the smart guy.
Nobody gets something for nothing.
Nobody gets special access.
Nobody gets that far gone without anyone noticing.
Nobody gets that joke but programmers.
Nobody gets that low.
Nobody gets that, even at a private school.
Nobody gets that.
Nobody gets the angst and the eroticism down better.
Nobody gets the girl.
Nobody gets the maximum sentences except in murder cases.
Nobody gets the placebo.
Nobody gets the priest.
Nobody gets their feet muddy.
Nobody gets their way all the time.
Nobody gets there alone.
Nobody gets through it unmarked.
Nobody gets to a do a doctorate without having a good degree, for example.
Nobody gets to control the other one.
Nobody gets to escape responsibility.
Nobody gets to get out, especially if the white guys want to go.
Nobody gets to get revenge.
Nobody gets to hit, shove, or name-call.
Nobody gets to live life backward.
Nobody gets to monopolize the building blocks of genetic knowledge.
Nobody gets to ride it today.
Nobody gets to see it at all.
Nobody gets to see the games live.
Nobody gets to slow down and search for the interesting macro critters that live here .
Nobody gets to speak up or anything.
Nobody gets to stay the same.
Nobody gets to the pinnacle of their academic success without being carried on the backs of someone.
Nobody gets too concerned because it happens all of the time.
Nobody gets too much excited.
Nobody gets too much haven no more.
Nobody gets too upset over small change.
Nobody gets up from it.
Nobody gets up on stage hoping to be ignored.
Nobody gets upset if they miss.
Nobody gets upset on that team.
Nobody gets wealthy working for somebody else.
Nobody gets what they deserve.
Nobody gets what they want unless the money is there.
Nobody gives a command, but they all know when it's time.
Nobody gives a crap about all the children in Africa who are dying of starvation.
Nobody gives a crap about nobody anymore.
Nobody gives a damn about it.
Nobody gives a damn about that stuff.
Nobody gives a damn for the cattle.
Nobody gives a damn now.
Nobody gives a damn.
Nobody gives a darn about how long one has been in business.
Nobody gives a fuck about Republican paranoia witchhunts now.
Nobody gives a fuck about the homeless anyway.
Nobody gives a fuck.
Nobody gives a hoot about the Presidents Cup.
Nobody gives a hoot about the real guys inside the politicians' suits.
Nobody gives a rat ass.
Nobody gives a rat's ass about the mentally ill.
Nobody gives a rat's ass.
Nobody gives a rip.
Nobody gives a shit about morals.
Nobody gives a shit about ugly.
Nobody gives a shit, but it is spreading like wildfire.
Nobody gives a shit.
Nobody gives anybody a hard time.
Nobody gives anyone an inch of room.
Nobody gives anything away in New Jersey.
Nobody gives away expensive cars as gifts.
Nobody gives it away for free.
Nobody gives more most less.
Nobody gives much thought to how a diamond was formed as long as it gleams forever.
Nobody gives or delegates individual responsibilities.
Nobody gives or receives orders.
Nobody gives orders.
Nobody gives somebody else a lot of money for nothing.
Nobody gives that kind of attention in the real world.
Nobody gives the East a chance.
Nobody gives their life for anything.
Nobody gives thought anymore to any sort of obligation.
Nobody gives up strokes just for laughs in golf . . .
Nobody gives up.
Nobody gladly obeys.
Nobody go out there.
Nobody goes around bisecting lines with a compass.
Nobody goes around deliberately false-starting.
Nobody goes around dumping vacum bags of dust all over their home.
Nobody goes around talking like that.
Nobody goes away hungry.
Nobody goes away wounded.
Nobody goes broke shopping here.
Nobody goes for walks.
Nobody goes from peak to peak, each moment more joyful than the last.
Nobody goes from the frying pan to the swimming pool.
Nobody goes home crying.
Nobody goes home early.
Nobody goes hungry.
Nobody goes in it anymore.
Nobody goes in or out without the OK of the guards.
Nobody goes in the high scores that dosn't deserve to be there.
Nobody goes in the shop and nothing is sold there.
Nobody goes in there and supports a cut.
Nobody goes in there thinking they'll get financing the first year.
Nobody goes in there without hard hats.
Nobody goes in with a map, except for school groups.
Nobody goes in without a radio and flashlight.
Nobody goes in.
Nobody goes into a fight being afraid.
Nobody goes into business expecting to fail.
Nobody goes into choir music for the wrong reasons.
Nobody goes into it for the money.
Nobody goes into it without ambivalence.
Nobody goes into or out of the building without showering and changing into clean clothing.
Nobody goes into politics to get wealthy.
Nobody goes into teaching for fame and fortune.
Nobody goes into the newspaper business to get rich.
Nobody goes looking for a collision, and remember- accidents happen.
Nobody goes off on a honeymoon expecting to be very ill or to be involved in a serious mishap.
Nobody goes on radio unless they're mad at somebody.
Nobody goes out and claims that they own the water out there.
Nobody goes out now.
Nobody goes out on dates, yet nobody is a virgin either.
Nobody goes out there and thinks they're bigger than anyone else.
Nobody goes out there except to service the cages once a day.
Nobody goes out there on a whim.
Nobody goes out to be second best.
Nobody goes out to war in their underwear.
Nobody goes public, just like herpes.
Nobody goes that far to see what 's there.
Nobody goes there any more.
Nobody goes there anymore, because it's too crowded.
Nobody goes there anymore, it is too crowded.
Nobody goes there anymore.
Nobody goes there except the geekiest of car collectors.
Nobody goes there except their members.
Nobody goes there looking for roundtables of drones pretending to offer neutral positions.
Nobody goes there unless they are spying or stealing oil or gold.
Nobody goes there.
Nobody goes through life in a vacuum.
Nobody goes through life questioning their own common sense.
Nobody goes through life undefeated.
Nobody goes through that kind of trauma without being changed, neither a nation nor an individual.
Nobody goes through there, nobody.
Nobody goes to a job expecting to be hit.
Nobody goes to a museum from nine to five, wearing a suit a suit and watching the clock.
Nobody goes to an inner-city public school by choice.
Nobody goes to church or donates their time, but they want to use the church.
Nobody goes to Guatemala.
Nobody goes to hell alone.
Nobody goes to hell for crossing some god or goddess.
Nobody goes to jail.
Nobody goes to medical school at that age.
Nobody goes to opera for words but for the music.
Nobody goes to see a hiatus movie expecting anything else.
Nobody goes to see that thing today.
Nobody goes to shows here.
Nobody goes to that restaurant anymore.
Nobody goes to the ball park anymore because it's too crowded.
Nobody goes to the movies to watch the technology of the movies.
Nobody goes to the Olympics and wants to perform poorly.
Nobody goes to war over disputes about history.
Nobody goes to work.
Nobody goes up high and plans on getting messed up.
Nobody goes where the crowds are anymore.
Nobody goes without making mistakes.
Nobody gossips about their love lives or their hobbies.
Nobody governs it.
Nobody grabs their fannies.
Nobody graduates from third grade without knowing how to read or how to do long division.
Nobody graduates without writing a feature length screenplay.
Nobody grows old by a number of years.
Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years.
Nobody grows old merely by a number of years.
Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years.
Nobody grows old merely living a number of years.
Nobody grows up to be an addict just like nobody grows up to be a diabetic or have heart problems.
Nobody grows up.
Nobody guarantees future of situations, hope security talks result in accord.
Nobody has a backyard, really.
Nobody has a bad attitude even if they have a bad bowling day.
Nobody has a better record than anybody else.
Nobody has a bigger, broader view of the total caustic market.
Nobody has a black audience except for the r n' b and rap crowd.
Nobody has a central switch to turn it off.
Nobody has a choice.
Nobody has a claim.
Nobody has a clear answer, but there are some educated guesses.
Nobody has a clear objective view of what someone else is like, really.
Nobody has a clear picture of the end game.
Nobody has a clear view.
Nobody has a clue as to what ever became of the man.
Nobody has a clue how safe the rural areas are.
Nobody has a clue how that happens.
Nobody has a clue, really.
Nobody has a clue.
Nobody has a complete ownership of wisdom.
Nobody has a corner office, and there are no titles.
Nobody has a corner on that market.
Nobody has a crystal ball and knows exactly what's happening.
Nobody has a crystal ball.
Nobody has a dollar.
Nobody has a doubt about that.
Nobody has a family like that.
Nobody has a firm count of how many tax cheaters are out there.
Nobody has a full-time job.
Nobody has a glint of humanity or redeeming quality.
Nobody has a good answer for that.
Nobody has a good answer here.
Nobody has a great deal of trouble transferring knowledge of one to another.
Nobody has a greater claim to being right than the next man.
Nobody has a huge majority stake.
Nobody has a job, yet they insist on offering coffee and homemade brandy.
Nobody has a job.
Nobody has a leg to stand on trying to claim that they didn t know.
Nobody has a lock on a defensive front position.
Nobody has a lock on good ideas.
Nobody has a locus on that.
Nobody has a majority of anything, and there is a lack of sense of direction for the country.
Nobody has a majority.
Nobody has a military as well-armed and trained as the United States.
Nobody has a monopoly of the truth.
Nobody has a monopoly on the truth.
Nobody has a monopoly on the writing process.
Nobody has a monopoly on truth.
Nobody has a monopoly.
Nobody has a more diverse variety of chemicals and solvents.
Nobody has a natural monopoly on talent.
Nobody has a persuasive case.
Nobody has a positive cash flow yet.
Nobody has a precise handle on the scope of frauds against small businesses.
Nobody has a radio.
Nobody has a real advantage anymore.
Nobody has a real authority about the internet's life.
Nobody has a real clue.
Nobody has a real drafting partner.
Nobody has a right to a jury trial.
Nobody has a right to a position.
Nobody has a right to a view.
Nobody has a right to be happy.
Nobody has a right to consume the resources of others by compulsion.
Nobody has a right to decide which language is the standard language in Japan.
Nobody has a right to receive a loan.
Nobody has a satisfactory explanation as to why.
Nobody has a secondary break now.
Nobody has a sense of history anymore.
Nobody has a sense of humour.
Nobody has a solution.
Nobody has a special privilege to ignore the tax laws.
Nobody has a territory immune from others' suggestions.
Nobody has a theory or a scheme.
Nobody has a tin ear.
Nobody has a truck with that.
Nobody has absolute understanding of all truth.
Nobody has access to our database.
Nobody has all the answers, but it is important to consider the questions.
Nobody has all the answers.
Nobody has all the attributes to succeed on their own.
Nobody has all the right answers.
Nobody has all the time in the world, and time is passing by.
Nobody has an advantage.
Nobody has an agenda.
Nobody has an answer.
Nobody has an easy answer for what has happened.
Nobody has an easy answer.
Nobody has an exact picture but cyber-crime is on the rise.
Nobody has an exclusive right to train, educate, and research others.
Nobody has an interest in stopping it.
Nobody has an obligation to provide broadband internet access.
Nobody has an office.
Nobody has an opportunity.
Nobody has an original idea anymore.
Nobody has an understanding of the Internet that is both broad and deep.
Nobody has answers for that, nobody.
Nobody has answers, just more questions.
Nobody has any argument with that.
Nobody has any choice in the matter either.
Nobody has any daring anymore.
Nobody has any documentation.
Nobody has any documents indicating whatever happened to the old tank.
Nobody has any doubt about it.
Nobody has any explanation for it.
Nobody has any freaking idea.
Nobody has any giant egos here, they just kind of get the job done.
Nobody has any good ideas.
Nobody has any idea about the temperature or nature of the missing mass.
Nobody has any idea how it came to post modernism and contemporary art.
Nobody has any idea of the extent of the success.
Nobody has any idea what it is about the infection that produces the spots.
Nobody has any idea what pressure there is.
Nobody has any idea where the documents are now.
Nobody has any idea why.
Nobody has any idea, which is why it is so interesting.
Nobody has any idea.
Nobody has any illusions about what the reality is right now.
Nobody has any imagination.
Nobody has any inherent authority to do that.
Nobody has any interest whatsoever in squelching the first amendment.
Nobody has any logical reason to begin smoking any tobacco product.
Nobody has any mandates.
Nobody has any money.
Nobody has any natural wisdom to speak of.
Nobody has any objections to that.
Nobody has any openings.
Nobody has any patience.
Nobody has any personal time.
Nobody has any place to go.
Nobody has any points and everybody thinks they can win the championship and win races.
Nobody has any politeness anymore.
Nobody has any power.
Nobody has any preconceived notions.
Nobody has any protection from overzealous or evil prosecutors.
Nobody has any qualms about cleaning up some sections of the low-volume industry.
Nobody has any real space.
Nobody has any reason to hang their heads.
Nobody has any reliable numbers.
Nobody has any right to intervene at all in any kind of relationship like that.
Nobody has any spare cash.
Nobody has any statistics on how it affects gophers.
Nobody has anybody else s body.
Nobody has anybody else's nows.
Nobody has anything better and they have some damn cheap trials going on.
Nobody has anything important or interesting to say.
Nobody has anything like a roast dinner or a turkey.
Nobody has anything that's remotely close to being season ending.
Nobody has anything to gain by delay.
Nobody has as much heart.
Nobody has as yet a good handle on student achievement.
Nobody has before.
Nobody has better style or a more engaging personality.
Nobody has both a parakeet and a gerbil.
Nobody has clean hands.
Nobody has control over anything.
Nobody has dryers.
Nobody has ego.
Nobody has enough blood for all possible blood tests, and many other invasive tests have high risks.
Nobody has enough fingers to get the job done.
Nobody has enough money to bribe everybody.
Nobody has enough money to do anything.
Nobody has enough of it.
Nobody has enough of what's important.
Nobody has even a difficult answer.
Nobody has ever been able to consistently predict the market, it's impossible.
Nothing seems more inconsistent with our ideas of virtue.
Nothing seems more meaningless and absurd than the death of a child.
Nothing seems more natural than for men to be produced of men.
Nothing seems more quaint than the fanciful speculations of the past.
Nothing seems more real or more changeless than that.
Nothing seems more sensitive to many people than who is left behind.
Nothing seems noticeable.
Nothing seems out of place yet . . .
Nothing seems out of place, least of all that gorgeous sunlight.
Nothing seems out of place.
Nothing seems out of the ordinary here.
Nothing seems out of the ordinary.
Nothing seems particularly amiss.
Nothing seems particularly funny.
Nothing seems planned or intended.
Nothing seems quite as miraculous as the process of conception to birth.
Nothing seems quite so dreadful now.
Nothing seems quite so permanent as mountains.
Nothing seems quite the same.
Nothing seems quite what it is.
Nothing seems real except the unreal.
Nothing seems real, though.
Nothing seems real.
Nothing seems really to matter, that's the charm of it.
Nothing seems right anymore.
Nothing seems right at the moment.
Nothing seems right.
Nothing seems sacred.
Nothing seems safe from their prying wave function.
Nothing seems sharp enough.
Nothing seems shocking.
Nothing seems simpler than counting.
Nothing seems sure.
Nothing seems that different yet.
Nothing seems that important anymore.
Nothing seems the same anymore.
Nothing seems the same at all.
Nothing seems the same.
Nothing seems to add up.
Nothing seems to agree with it.
Nothing seems to any more.
Nothing seems to attack it, and it stands high temperature.
Nothing seems to attract birds to a backyard or garden more than water.
Nothing seems to be a rule.
Nothing seems to be accomplished fast enough.
Nothing seems to be amiss until two sleepers are involved in an accidental shooting.
Nothing seems to be as easy as adding a new String to the database.
Nothing seems to be as it originally looked anymore.
Nothing seems to be at all certain.
Nothing seems to be being done to improve the situation.
Nothing seems to be cheap anymore and some things can be very, very expensive.
Nothing seems to be coming up.
Nothing seems to be coming.
Nothing seems to be constant or predictable.
Nothing seems to be constant.
Nothing seems to be critical, though, in our present situation.
Nothing seems to be easy any more.
Nothing seems to be going anywhere.
Nothing seems to be going in that direction at all.
Nothing seems to be going on, and nobody seems to want it to.
Nothing seems to be going our way.
Nothing seems to be going right with it.
Nothing seems to be going right.
Nothing seems to be happening.
Nothing seems to be helping or has helped in the past.
Nothing seems to be helping.
Nothing seems to be hidden from our children.
Nothing seems to be impossible.
Nothing seems to be in black and white, but it's all laying right in the grey area.
Nothing seems to be in the pit.
Nothing seems to be lasting.
Nothing seems to be more different from science than writing fiction.
Nothing seems to be off story, but then nothing seems to be on story either.
Nothing seems to be out and about.
Nothing seems to be out of bounds.
Nothing seems to be outside human reach using radioactive materials.
Nothing seems to be quite right.
Nothing seems to be right anymore.
Nothing seems to be simple anymore.
Nothing seems to be sure anymore.
Nothing seems to be the typical response, although some interesting trends are emerging.
Nothing seems to be thought there.
Nothing seems to be too great, too hard, or too difficult for prayer to do.
Nothing seems to be unconnected.
Nothing seems to be very pleasant, does it.
Nothing seems to be wasted.
Nothing seems to be working.
Nothing seems to be wrong with it.
Nothing seems to be wrong.
Nothing seems to be.
Nothing seems to big or too small.
Nothing seems to bring on an emergency as quickly as putting money aside in case of one.
Nothing seems to bring out the public like a hearing on a proposed street project.
Nothing seems to budge the mole.
Nothing seems to calm a colicky baby for more than a few minutes.
Nothing seems to calm the child.
Nothing seems to change our lives.
Nothing seems to change.
Nothing seems to clear it up.
Nothing seems to click.
Nothing seems to come easy in college hockey.
Nothing seems to cool and refresh during the dog days of summer like ice cream.
Nothing seems to delay or prevent their flowering.
Nothing seems to disturb the flow of energy.
Nothing seems to do the trick.
Nothing seems to effect it either way, it just randomly decides.
Nothing seems to enhance a home more than the colours and fragrance of flowers and herbs.
Nothing seems to escape the attention of members.
Nothing seems to escape the attention of taxpayers.
Nothing seems to ever stop.
Nothing seems to exacerbate or alleviate the feeling of having to urinate .
Nothing seems to exist independently.
Nothing seems to faze the cops in Nation County.
Nothing seems to fit.
Nothing seems to fix it.
Nothing seems to forbid the use of both at the same time.
Nothing seems to generate irate calls to the newspaper more than photos.
Nothing seems to get dirty.
Nothing seems to get done.
Nothing seems to get rid of the message.
Nothing seems to go as planned.
Nothing seems to go away, over and over again, just like before.
Nothing seems to go right and no one really cares.
Nothing seems to grab the attention, provide a versatile art canvass, or auction like the cows.
Nothing seems to grow there, even when regular watering is applied.
Nothing seems to grow, in fact, but tension-and disappointment.
Nothing seems to happen for a while.
Nothing seems to happen for years, then suddenly a landslide occurs.
Nothing seems to happen in the middle.
Nothing seems to happen on the screen.
Nothing seems to happen, but the highlighted text is copied into memory.
Nothing seems to happen.
Nothing seems to have been missed.
Nothing seems to have been overlooked in the earthly creation.
Nothing seems to have been returned.
Nothing seems to have been stolen.
Nothing seems to have been taken.
Nothing seems to have been too evil.
Nothing seems to have broken.
Nothing seems to have changed.
Nothing seems to have come of the trip.
Nothing seems to have ever been moved.
Nothing seems to have happened and patrons still have to worry about the ceiling falling in.
Nothing seems to have happened in Kyoto though.
Nothing seems to have happened lately.
Nothing seems to have happened there since.
Nothing seems to have happened.
Nothing seems to have helped.
Nothing seems to have made any difference.
Nothing seems to have stood still.
Nothing seems to have terrified men more than the angry glare and words of feminist ideologues.
Nothing seems to have worked so far, and it's getting pretty close to crunch time.
Nothing seems to have worked so far.
Nothing seems to help in making the decision.
Nothing seems to help out.
Nothing seems to help psoriasis or eczema .
Nothing seems to help the pain go away at the time.
Nothing seems to help.
Nothing seems to improve memory, mood, and overall mental health as well as regular, deep sleep.
Nothing seems to improve the binding.
Nothing seems to inspire the customer.
Nothing seems to interest a gerbil more than a tunnel.
Nothing seems to last, n ot international resolutions or promises of peace.
Nothing seems to last.
Nothing seems to leave a factory in a brand new state.
Nothing seems to level the learning curve more than work.
Nothing seems to make a difference.
Nothing seems to make any difference.
Nothing seems to make certain investors happier than when one of their stocks splits.
Nothing seems to make sense anymore.
Nothing seems to make sense today.
Nothing seems to make sense.
Nothing seems to make the pain better or worse.
Nothing seems to matter anymore.
Nothing seems to matter very much.
Nothing seems to mean anything.
Nothing seems to prevent the advance of enclosures.
Nothing seems to quite make up for the loss of a potential child.
Nothing seems to really change.
Nothing seems to relieve the constant discomfort.
Nothing seems to rouse our spirits much anymore.
Nothing seems to satisfy.
Nothing seems to shake the lock-step Jewish support for the Democratic candidacy.
Nothing seems to shift the blindness.
Nothing seems to soothe a runny nose or sore throat better.
Nothing seems to start a fire under people around here.
Nothing seems to stay still.
Nothing seems to steam royal peers more then talking about each other's styles.
Nothing seems to stop it.
Nothing seems to stop the horseshoe crabs, though.
Nothing seems to stump new gardeners more than the harvesting of broccoli and cauliflower.
Nothing seems to suffer.
Nothing seems to taste good anymore and the flavor is gone.
Nothing seems to taste the same.
Nothing seems to trigger more debate in planning and advisory circles than how people are paid.
Nothing seems to turn around the statistics.
Nothing seems to turn out right.
Nothing seems to ultimately work.
Nothing seems to work . . .
Nothing seems to work .
Nothing seems to work at all.
Nothing seems to work at the box-office.
Nothing seems to work consistently.
Nothing seems to work for e-tailing stocks.
Nothing seems to work just right.
Nothing seems to work quite right.
Nothing seems to work safely for long term problems.
Nothing seems to work so far.
Nothing seems to work to remove the jerkyness.
Nothing seems to work very well or for very long.
Nothing seems to work, then one suggestion starts to click.
Nothing seems to work, until competitors or governments insist.
Nothing seems to work.
Nothing seems too crude anymore for laughter at least from the canned audience recording.
Nothing seems too wild for the filmmakers to try.
Nothing seems undersized below.
Nothing seems unusual.
Nothing seems valuable or important enough to consume our lives.
Nothing seems worse than the fate of boringness.
Nothing seems worth doing.
Nothing seems worthwhile but just to hear that sound once more and go on listening to forever.
Nothing seems worthwhile.
Nothing seems wrong, however.
Nothing seeps into the ground, nothing disappears.
Nothing seeps out of there, except radiation.
Nothing seeps out through the plastic, as with the bags from the supermarket.
Nothing seeps through.
Nothing sees to work.
Nothing sells a business like a good recommendation.
Nothing sells a house like a great school.
Nothing sells as well or as widely as travel articles.
Nothing sells better than a perfect color image.
Nothing sells better than a personal recommendation.
Nothing sells better than pictures.
Nothing sells better than the words of a satisfied customer.
Nothing sells better today than an endorsement by a well-known individual.
Nothing sells books, tapes, or videos like future prophecy.
Nothing sells celebrity like scandal.
Nothing sells football like sexy, half- naked cheerleaders .
Nothing sells football like sexy, half-naked cheerleaders .
Nothing sells licenses faster than an acre of erupting catfish.
Nothing sells like a good demonstration.
Nothing sells like a hot product on the leading edge.
Nothing sells like a human face.
Nothing sells like a testimonial.
Nothing sells like controversy, after all.
Nothing sells like controversy.
Nothing sells like customer confidence.
Nothing sells like Hawaii.
Nothing sells like money.
Nothing sells like photography.
Nothing sells like pictures.
Nothing sells like pure venom.
Nothing sells like success, so expect young Olympic hopefuls to want the futuristic swimsuits too.
Nothing sells like success.
Nothing sells more than an artist whose work gets banned.
Nothing sells off.
Nothing sells products and services like good comments from past customers.
Nothing sells the book to reviewers, chains, and wholesalers like the book.
Nothing sends a bigger shock wave through an organization than the unexpected line review.
Nothing sends a message of romance like the colors red and pink.
Nothing sends a worse message than a poorly tailored jacket.
Nothing sends shock waves through a parent's system like a call from theschool nurse.
Nothing sends the message of ease and relaxation throughout the body like a good deep breath.
Nothing sends users away more quickly than an empty chat area.
Nothing sent here is sent to the rest of the list membership.
Nothing separates contenders from pretenders quite like a razor's edge.
Nothing separates more than that.
Nothing separates the generations more than music.
Nothing serves a leaders better than a knack for narrative.
Nothing serves as diligently in the war against disease as the skin that covers our bodies.
Nothing serves the deepest human needs better than the church.
Nothing serves to further.
Nothing Set rs.
Nothing sets a person so much out of the devil's reach as humility.
Nothing sets a romantic mood like soft candlelight.
Nothing sets off a fine painting like a handsome, carefully selected, and well-crafted frame.
Nothing sets off a house and landscaping better than a well-tended lawn.
Nothing sets off a red flag faster than a history of late payments.
Nothing Sets the current site number.
Nothing sets the focus for the picture as clearly as fasting and prayer.
Nothing sets the heart ablaze like fresh vistas of truth.
Nothing sets the hunter's pulse to racing like the sight of game.
Nothing sets the mood quite like a great vampire soundtrack or score.
Nothing sets the tone of a home carpentry job more than measuring correctly.
Nothing sets up a romantic evening like pulling a nearly dead person out of a river.
Nothing sets up good scoring like a well-hit drive.
Nothing settles a boy down like grad school, though.
Nothing shakes people in the same way.
Nothing shakes their conviction that right is right and that left is evil.
Nothing shapes the mind of children like the influence of the parent.
Nothing sharpens decision-making skills like experience.
Nothing sharpens the awareness of a situation like the sight of the gallows.
Nothing shatters a good first impression faster than work that appears carelessly done.
Nothing shatters the illusion of our own decency quite like the intimacy of marriage.
Nothing shortcircuits an assignment quicker than a dead battery.
Nothing shouts amateur as loudly.
Nothing shouts here but everything is singing in harmony.
Nothing shouts image like a balloon.
Nothing shouts image like an airship or balloon.
Nothing shown here is for sale.
Nothing shows a lack of faith, trust, and integrity than drug testing.
Nothing shows an utter disregard for human life more than taking a life while driving drunk.
Nothing shows and it is a very painless surgery which is done as an outpatient.
Nothing shows more powerfully the duty of every man to look after the needs of others.
Nothing shows off a super model like tight fittings, a smooth finish and minimum cosmetics.
Nothing shows on the console though.
Nothing shows on the outside.
Nothing shows otherwise.
Nothing shows player interest to a retailer like customers buying the product.
Nothing shows progress as much as brick and mortar.
Nothing shows that jury waiver was discussed at any time.
Nothing shows that more than their homepages.
Nothing shows that the scene has changed, it's only that the skiers are out of the shot.
Nothing shows the benefits of American civil justice better.
Nothing shows the character of a country like pictures.
Nothing shows the difference between a dominant team and a good team like margin of victory.
Nothing shows the fullness and freedom of the human soul more than love.
Nothing shows the hurt, Nothing shows the misery.
Nothing shows the loss of stability and power caused by pronation more dramatically than skating.
Nothing shows their craftsmanship and versatility more than the art of their jewellery.
Nothing shows up as transparent.
Nothing shows up in our error logs here.
Nothing shows up in the server error log, however.
Nothing shows up on tests.
Nothing shows up on the scans but the feeling of nausea and vertigo are intense.
Nothing shows up the limitations of the keyboard better.
Nothing shows up.
Nothing shuts a kid up faster than criticizing their beliefs and opinions too quickly or harshly.
Nothing shuts down an unsuitable proposal faster than asking for it in writing.
Nothing shuts down dialogue and the freedom of debate more quickly than labelling.
Nothing signals a dead church quicker than an outdated calendar.
Nothing signals the advent of autumn better than the ever-present chrysanthemum.
Nothing signals the beginning of spring as vibrantly as the golden blooms of daffodils.
Nothing signals the start of summer like a bountiful harvest of fresh, homegrown courgettes.
Nothing signifies the rise and fall of a team more than their national TV appearances.
Nothing silences guns like the prospect of no victory.
Nothing simply falls straight down to the ground.
Nothing simply happens by a stroke of luck or chance.
Nothing sinks a business faster than excess spending.
Nothing sinks Into their ears.
Nothing sinks people faster in their careers than arrogance.
Nothing sits idle here.
Nothing sits still in our industry.
Nothing slapdash there.
Nothing slides through complexity so easily as a narrow mind.
Nothing slips off the bottom or top as the pages are scrolled.
Nothing slips through the cracks.
Nothing slows a project down like having to run to the hardware store in the middle.
Nothing slows down the class more than an unprepared student.
Nothing slows down traffic like a highly visible police presence.
Nothing slows prep work like a dull knife.
Nothing slows the recuperation process like rushing it.
Nothing smells bad and the shower is free of the gook of which showers are so infrequently devoid.
Nothing smells better or tastes better than a loaf of bread right out of the oven.
Nothing smells better than bread baking in the oven.
Nothing smells better than cooking over a mesquite fire.
Nothing smells better than fresh air.
Nothing smells better than fresh baked goods during The Holiday Season.
Nothing smells better than homemade bread.
Nothing smells better than that.
Nothing smells of anything.
Nothing smells of smoke.
Nothing smells quite as sublime as a fresh quince.
Nothing smells quite as wonderful as bread baking in the oven.
Nothing smells quite like a burned book.
Nothing snuffs out conversation faster than disregard, rudeness, or indifference.
Nothing so befits America as beginning again.
Nothing so changes one's glory into shame as sin.
Nothing so connects one with nature like digging bare hands in warm dirt.
Nothing so darkens the mental eyes as anger and rage.
Nothing so dates a man as decrying the younger generation.
Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation.
Nothing so demonstrates the spiritual person as their treatment of someone else s sin.
Nothing so divides a society as efforts to prescribe moral or religious norms.
Nothing so energizes a cause more than fresh minds that have been set on fire.
Nothing so fixes it in the memory or gives such a grasp of it to the understanding.
Nothing so hardens the heart of man as a barren familiarity with sacred things.
Nothing so hardens the heart of man as a sterile familiarity with sacred things.
Nothing so heals the broken spirit of man than that of simply loving and being loved.
Nothing so holds the world together as oil.
Nothing so intrigues young people as prohibition and censorship.
Nothing so limits liberty as a total absence of money.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits .
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
Nothing so protects error as an absence of readers or understanding.
Nothing so sets off an aged face like the crown of silver.
Nothing so tests the heart as conscious patience.
Nothing so undermines the marital sexual bond as does pornography.
Nothing sobers up a drinker except time.
Nothing softens female delicacy so much as knowledge.
Nothing softens the blows of defeat more than praising the competition.
Nothing solves a field mouse problem like a hungry cat.
Nothing solves everything.
Nothing solves problems like persistence.
Nothing solves problems like winning.
Nothing soothes the body more after a tough day on the slopes.
Nothing soothes the cries.
Nothing soothes the mind at home or work better than Spanish music.
Nothing soothes the spirit like the soft, contented quack of a happy cat.
Some officers arrest brothers.
Some officers arrest individuals.
Some officers ask men.
Some officers become captains.
Some officers become directors.
Some officers believe stop and search has been tainted.
Some officers believe they'll be jeopardizing safety.
Some Officers can go an entire career without earning a pin.
Some officers confirm incidents.
Some officers consider good habits.
Some officers consider habits.
Some officers describe forces.
Some officers determine values.
Some officers die from injuries.
Some officers die in battles.
Some officers die of wounds.
Some officers discover victims.
Some officers do jobs.
Some officers do problems.
Some officers do so because they have found themselves involved with some type of misconduct.
Some officers draw guns.
Some officers dress in plain clothes and are stationed at specific campuses.
Some officers enjoy art.
Some officers enter apartments.
Some officers enter services.
Some officers enter therapy.
Some officers examine bags.
Some officers face bias.
Some officers face charge.
Some officers fear conservative forces within the Met are beginning to hold sway.
Some officers fear for life.
Some officers fear for safety.
Some officers find homes.
Some officers find members.
Some officers form bonds.
Some officers form tight bonds.
Some officers get the distance when they are clocking drivers for a speed reading.
Some officers give life.
Some officers go into pens.
Some officers go to court to testify about arrests they made.
Some officers grab ladies.
Some officers grab young ladies.
Some officers have a law enforcement background.
Some officers have genuine experience.
Some officers have ideas.
Some officers have levels.
Some officers have pessimistic attitudes toward society.
Some officers have pictures.
Some officers have prior police experience.
Some officers have the authority to issue tickets to employers.
Some officers inspect facilities.
Some officers instruct wives.
Some officers investigate activities.
Some officers investigate murder.
Some officers investigate suspicious activities.
Some officers involve in incidents.
Some officers involve in investigations.
Some officers join organizations.
Some officers join secret organizations.
Some officers kill hounds.
Some officers leave forces.
Some officers lose body weight.
Some officers lose weight.
Some officers make recommendations.
Some officers observe bedrooms.
Some officers observe master bedrooms.
Some officers obtain information.
Some officers obtain patterns.
Some officers order guards.
Some officers order security guards.
Some officers oversee patients.
Some officers participate in basketball.
Some officers participate in charity basketball.
Some officers patrol while others direct traffic.
Some officers play roles.
Some officers play vital roles.
Some officers possess horses.
Some officers protect life.
Some officers protect presidents.
Some officers receive justice.
Some officers recognize talent.
Some officers regard the award of such a droid as an honor.
Some officers remember first sergeants.
Some officers remember sergeants.
Some officers remove dogs.
Some officers report appearances.
Some officers report fire.
Some officers report shot.
Some officers resent the course.
Some officers respond to scenes.
Some officers respond to shot.
Some officers return to scenes.
Some officers ride horses.
Some officers see black youth as the enemy, and in any war, the enemy eventually fights back.
Some officers see it as more work rather than a different way of case management.
Some officers shoot animals.
Some officers shoot black men.
Some officers shoot boys.
Some officers shoot coyotes.
Some officers shoot deer.
Some officers shoot men.
Some officers specialize in fields.
Some officers specialize in particular fields.
Some officers stay at the station and work on solving crimes.
Some officers still complain that the system is too complex.
Some officers suffer breaks.
Some officers suffer injuries.
Some officers suffer minor injuries.
Some officers sustain injuries.
Some officers sustain threaten injuries.
Some officers take bait.
Some officers take life.
Some officers take own life.
Some officers take photos.
Some officers take pictures.
Some officers take possessions.
Some officers train entrepreneurs.
Some officers understand problems.
Some officers use cannons.
Some officers use deadly forces.
Some officers use forces.
Some officers use specimens.
Some officers utilize style.
Some officers watch from towers or guard the entrances.
Some officers witness incidents.
Some officers work in facilities.
Some officers work in jails.
Some officers work in rooms.
Some officers work midnights.
Some officers work scenes.
Some officers work totally as volunteers, and some are paid part-time employees.
Some officers work with dogs.
Offices hours are infrequent and usually held on a remote mountaintop.
All offices hours are by appointment only.
Official accreditation can also give parents some reassurance of a center's quality.
Official accreditation is granted by the home institution by virtue of the consortial relationship.
Official action includes decisions involving the use of discretionary authority.
Official action is defined by the ethics code to mean discretionary action.
Official action is taken in open session.
All official action is done by a motion, and second, followed by discussion and a vote.
Official activity demands the full working capacity of the official.
Official admission is granted upon completion of specific requirements.
Official advice is that pregnant women can safely drink up to four units of alcohol a week.
Official answers are in italics, with a link to the thread.
Official answers take more time.
Official apathy is just one of the obstacles to effective advocacy.
Official apathy is said to be the reason for the delay.
Official application is attached.
Official application is held middle of fall and spring term.
Official art is woefully scarce.
Official assistance can help countries get through the worst days of the crisis.
Official assistance is effective only when it complements locally-led efforts.
Official attendance is recorded at the beginning of each school day.
Official authority comes from regulations and manuals or is designated by rank.
Official authority is required .
Official benchmarks are usually low concrete monuments capped with an encoded metal plate.
Official bird is the Bluebird.
Official brutality is definitely a problem inside Turkish prisons, no doubt about it.
All official budgets are at the primary object code level.
Official buildings become less boring under flashing lights and decorations.
Official business is conducted for an hour followed by a social.
Official business takes place largely at the monthly board meetings .
Official calculations are to be performed by the methods provided by the branch of service.
Official campaign recognises coaches and officials at the grassroots and intermediate levels.
Official cancellation is required to obtain a refund.
Official cars flash red and white headlights and roll through.
Official catalogues are available from the club.
All official ceremonies are falsities, of course, freeze-frame displays of institutional continuity.
Official certification provides a uniform basis for the marketing of agricultural commodities.
Official charges are public indecency and public lewdness.
Official charges are unknown.
Official colors range from various shades of red ranging from red to wheaten.
Official comments can set the markets' course for months.
Official competition includes feature-length and short films.
Official competition is still years away.
Official complaints are rare because there is no safe recourse.
Official confirmation is always nice, though.
Official confirmation is done by telephone only.
Official confirmation is yet to come.
Official consideration is given to an application only after all credentials are received.
Official construction begins.
Official correspondence is read concerning the law on taxes for the militia.
Official corruption continues to plague Chinese social, political, and economic life.
Official corruption erodes all efforts to achieve food security.
Official corruption is another hot topic.
Official corruption is endemic.
Official corruption is rampant.
Official corruption is rare, and punishable under Norwegian law.
Official corruption is widespread.
Official corruption needs to be reduced for general assistance efforts to be effective.
Official corruption stands at the heart of the unrest.
Official counts can lead to information about outbreaks, which can then be investigated.
Official credit is given for courses attended.
Official currency can and does circulate far and wide.
Official currency is the colon.
Official currency is the Fijian dollar.
Official data imply the gravity of the menacing problem.
Official data suggest that income growth was much slower in the second period.
Much official data is deliberately favorable rather than realistic.
Official decisions are final.
All official decisions are final.
Official delegates vote to adopt the jacket as the organization s official dress.
Official delegates vote to adopt the jacket as the organization's official dress.
Official demo includes single player, deathmatch, and co-operative gameplay.
Official designations can make for remarkably contentious battles.
Official details are yet to be released, but casting is currently taking place.
Official directory gives names and contact information for all board members and staff.
Official Disclaimer Apply for Housing Please print and complete the appropriare application below.
An official document is papers
Official documents are a critical part of our hiring process.
Official documents are definitive, but their availability is often imperfect.
Official documents are documents.
Official documents are in the form of a birth certificate, passport, or court order.
Many official documents suffer from over-capitalisation.
Most official documents depend on a simple rubber stamp to be considered 'genuine'.
Official documentation determines the student's eligibility for admission.
Official documentation includes a doctor s excuse, court summons, etc.
Official documentation includes a doctors excuse, court summons, etc.
Official documentation is available at the Township's offices.
Official documentation is available only at the Township office.
Official documentation is required before academic accommodations can be authorized.
Official documentation is required for all credit awarded.
Official documentation is required to scheduling make-up assignments.
Official documentation is required.
Some official documentation is available here .
Official donors have a special role in such cases.
Official ego seems the likely reason.
Official enrollment is determined after the third week of classes.
Official estimates using the human poverty index suggest that human poverty is similarly widespread.
Official events operate much like our own rodeo associations.
Official fees are for overseas students.
Official Fees are subject to change.
Official figures are usually very much on the conservative side.
Official figures fail to record the non-registered floating Chinese population in Tibet.
Official figures released by the government seem to bear it out.
Official figures reveal that health fund management costs jumped sharply last financial year.
Official figures reveal that the millennium year was the best ever for art lovers in the capital.
Official figures say that Omani women now make up nearly a third of the workforce.
Official figures show that people's earnings still strongly govern whether they are able to log on.
Official figures show that the unemployment rate is under three percent.
Official figures show that violence in Japanese schools is on the rise.
Official figures suggest that one in four girls and one in six boys are being sexually abused.
Any official figures are extremely conservative as they only relate to hospital discharges.
Official flows rise sharply.
Official forms are available from any police department or state police officer.
Official forms are available from the race director.
Official forms are available here .
Official gazettes are, almost exclusively, in the national language of the country.
Official government estimates, however, remain at higher levels.
Official graders are subject to the call of anyone who wishes their services.
Official guidance is also available to ensure that safe procedures are practiced by all.
Official guide is compulsory for all excursions.
Official guides are recognisable by their uniform and have identity cards.
Official guidelines agree.
Official helpers are preferable.
Official historians are guilty of placing documents in historic arrangements.
Most official histories are dry and dusty affairs.
Official homepage includes statements, articles, interviews, news releases, and endorsements.
Official hurricane seasons span months.
Official identification is required, as it is a government regulation.
Official identification is required.
Official immunity applies to individual governmental actors.
Official immunity is discharge
Official immunity is exemption.
Official immunity is for offi- cials.
Official immunity is one exception to liability.
Official immunity protects judgment or discretion that is exercised on an operational level.
Official information is available here .
Official information is available in the Student Handbook.
Official inquiries refuse to lay any blame on the officers involved.
Official inspection occurs on delivery into the terminal elevator.
All official inspectors carry photo identification.
Official institutions disown the entire issue.
Official language is Arabic, business language is English.
Official language is Arabic, but English is widely spoken.
Official language is Arabic.
Official language is English or subtitles in English.
Official language is English, but has strong French influence.
Official language is English.
Official language is French.
Official language is German.
Official language is Japanese, and English also.
Official language is Japanese.
Official language is Palauan but English is also spoken.
Official language is Portuguese.
Official language is Somali.
Official language is Spanish, but many Ticos speak at least a little English.
Official language is Spanish.
Official language is Swahili.
Official language is Swedish, however, most Swedes speak or understand english.
Official language spoken is Bahasa Indonesia and predominant religion is Muslim.
Official languages are Arab, French and English.
Official languages are Arabic and Berber.
Official languages are English and French.
Official languages are English and Italian.
Official languages are English and Maori.
Official languages are French and English.
Official languages are Japanese and English.
Official languages are Spanish, Portuguese and English.
Official languages are Swahili and English.
Official languages is French.
Official launches play an important role in the promotion of the reports.
Official media refute the reports of a radiation surge as groundless.
Official meetings occur twice annually.
Official meetings take place in the adjacent main building.
Official membership begins the first day following payment of dues.
Official memorandums are a standardized and efficient way to conduct correspondence.
Official merchandise is merchandise that has been approved by the band.
Official minutes are subject to public inspection.
Official misconduct does occur and local officials sometimes do act out of malice or incompetence.
Official misconduct is a class A misdemeanor.
Official misconduct is a Class E felony.
Official misconduct is a misdemeanor offense.
Official morality is a bridle to restrain the oppressed.
Official morality is determined by who s in power, while the evil they do is state sanctioned.
Official museums are often the right context for exhibititons.
Official name is printed by the command hostname .
Official neglect affects the political attitudes of businessmen.
Official neglect is to blame for the fact that death reigns supreme here.
Official negotiations lead to thirteen year truce.
Official notice is taken of the above regulatory criteria.
Official notification is needed to process an enrollment cancellation.
Official notification is required.
Official numbers are hard to find due to the general state of chaos in the country.
Official numbers place Texas' undomesticated hog population at a million.
Official Observers have a voice but no vote.
Official Observers have voice but no vote.
Official observers report a growing danger of diseases such as cholera in the flooded region.
Official one is currently under construction.
Official opening is the earliest date students can move into their assigned apartment.
Official opening is the earliest date students can move into their assignment.
Official oppression is a Class E crime.
Official oppression is a Class E felony.
Official orders welcome.
Official organizations acknowledge interacting with occupants of craft.
Official organizations acknowledge occupants of craft on Earth.
Official organizations report observing craft near Earth.
Official page features schedules, results, tournament history, and a visitor's guide.
Official pages are administrative pages, class-related and research related pages.
Official pages don t have a disclaimer.
All official paperwork is stored at the station for public perusal.
Official participation is limited to government delegations.
Official patches are the patches that are worn by law enforcement officials.
Official Payments charges a convenience fee for paying with the card.
Official Payments charges taxpayers a convenience fee for processing credit card transactions.
Official permission is required to have the privelege to visit some locations.
Official permission is required to have the privilege to visit some locations.
All official permits are in order and current to sell gas, oils and derivatives.
Official photographer offers an alternative photo-quality certificate.
Official plants are under Federal jurisdiction.
Official prayers don t do any favors for religion.
Some official press releases about the show, as sent to TV stations.
Official programme is available now.
Official programme is the essential reference for the event.
Official projections show there is a surplus in the federal budget.
Official proof is required.
Official publications contain laws, regulations and legislation.
All official publications are in .PDF format.
Many official publications are available on the Internet .
Official publishers have full responsibility for accuracy of pages they create.
Official purposes is defined as work necessary to carry out NOAA programs and responsibilities.
Official recognition can give someone an emotional boost , along with their friends and associates.
Official recognition is needed to deal with the problem.
Official recognition occurs by a majority vote of the faculty.
Official recognition provides a powerful symbol of reconciliation.
Official recognition symbolizes excellence, experience, and professionalism.
Official recognition translates into special privileges for the inmates.
Official records are admissible as evidence of the existence or nonexistence of facts .
Official records are available at the clerk's office.
Official records are public documents.
Official records differ as to the location of the crash.
All official records are open to the public.
Official registration alters the relationship of a religious group with the government.
Official registration is complete when fees have been paid .
Official registration is done with the student's vocational advisor.
Official registration occurs the week before classes begin.
Official registration takes place the first night of class.
Official registration takes place the first session of each class.
Official releases are available on the projects group page .
Official reports indicate that the shock wave destroyed much of the office.
Official reports reach ill-advised conclusions based on financial or statistical advancement.
Official reports say a number of terrorists hijacked several commerical airplanes.
Official reports say little of the abysmal circumstances of that fight.
Official reports say over four thousand two hundred natives have been buried by American troops.
Official reports say two people died, including a boy burned to death in a store.
Official reports state the vessel foundered in a storm.
Official reporters are responsible for transcript production by their substitutes.
Official reporters work in courtrooms.
Official reporters work in the courtroom.
Official reserves are to ensure that a government can meet near term obligations.
Official results are available.
Official results are due later today.
Official results are now on-line.
Official results are up as well as new photos .
Official results are usually available approximately eight weeks after testing.
Official rules appear below the entry form.
Official rules apply and no purchase is necessary.
Official rules apply.
Official rules are available on the web site.
Official rules are available online.
Optical illusions are the best known and understood .
Optical illusions are the best known and understood.
Optical illusions are tricks played on the brain.
Optical illusions can be both fun and a learning experience for kids.
Optical illusions can deceive the eyes.
Optical illusions fool the eye in judging the distance and speed of the train.
Optical illusions occur when the brain misinterprets visual signals.
Optical illusions play tricks on our perception of images.
Many optical illusions change the way lines and geometric shapes appear.
Many optical illusions go undetected for the same reason.
Optical images are biased to emission from hot, young stars and are beset by extinction effects.
Optical images are extremely different and much simpler from the objects they represent.
Optical images are usually fuzzy, but they have spectral content and can yield functional mappings.
Optical images reveal dusty filements emanating radially from the nucleur region.
An optical instrument is an instrument
Optical instruments are instruments.
Optical instruments map the intensity and colours of the aurora at various altitudes.
Optical instruments measure concentration.
Every optical instrument gets dirty.
Every optical instrument suffers from aberrations to some extent.
Many optical instruments have more than one optical element.
Optical interconnection allows low-power data transmission over a long distance.
Optical interface is supported to replace electrical interface.
Optical Internet is the coming together of telecommunications and the Internet.
Optical investigations are limited because many distant galaxies are hidden behind curtains of dust.
Optical isolation is used for coupling the sensor signal to the data acquisition input.
Optical isolation rejects common-mode voltages between the computer and external environment.
Optical isomers are compounds that are non-superimposable images of each other.
Optical isomers are stereoisomers where the molecules are mirror images of each other.
Optical isomers differ in the arrangement of four groups around a chiral carbon.
Optical isomers have opposite effects on plane-polarized light.
Optical jacks require a special fiber-optic cable.
Optical lattices are used to simulate interacting condensed matter systems .
Optical leaders sound a bit helpless.
An optical lens is a lens
Optical lens are very good.
Optical lenses include eyepieces.
Optical lenses include zoom eyepieces.
Optical libraries offer easy access and economical storage.
Optical light comes from stars.
Optical lines have very low latency.
Optical links are also possible, especially for links that are beyond the earth's atmosphere.
Optical magnification is to assure accuracy of the suture line.
Optical mapping reveals the functional organization of the trigeminal nuclei in the chick embryo.
Optical masks are available .
Optical materials respond to sunlight.
Most optical materials respond to sunlight.
Optical measurements allow for a different and valuable aid to quality control.
Optical measurements reveal the times at which the black hole activity occurred.
Optical media are also available.
Optical meshes provide better connection flexi- bility and network resource utilization.
Optical methods are noninvasive, inexpensive, and the diagnosis can be in situ , without time delay.
Optical methods can be rapid, noninvasive, portable, and inexpensive.
Optical methods provide a means to quantify the strain response of tissue to an imposed stress.
Optical microscopes are microscopes.
Optical microscopes provide a direct visual thickness measurement.
Optical microscopes use visible light to create a magnified image.
Optical microscopes work using lens to increase the light reflected of an object.
Some optical microscopes can magnify objects hundreds of times.
Optical microscopy includes quantitative image analysis and regular microscopy.
Optical mineralogy is an important tool in the laboratory.
Optical mineralogy is covered in a separate recitation.
Optical mineralogy remains ubiquitous to geology courses and is resource intensive.
Optical mosaics are also available.
Optical mice are all right, but they require a flat, stable area.
Optical mice are cool.
Optical mice are more reliable and work well on any surface.
Optical mice are the new thing.
Optical mice have no mechanical moving parts.
Optical mice have no moving parts, and they're less subject to mechanical failure.
Optical mice work on any surface except for very shiny ones like mirror and glass.
Optical mouses use light sensors that pick up movement.
Some optical mice come with a built-in scroll wheel.
Optical net is the fishing gear considered survival rate of fish after selectivity.
Optical networks allow higher speed and greater bandwidth on the network.
Optical networks are a potential candidates for future telecommunication infrastructure.
Optical networks are currently all the rage in the communications industry.
Optical networks are faster and provide more capacity than their electrical counterparts.
Optical networks are incredibly hot.
Optical networks are the enablers for continued growth of the Internet infrastructure.
Optical networks have a major management issue, as well.
Optical networks mean speed and capacity.
Optical networks transmit voice, data, and video traffic over fiber cables using light streams.
Optical networks use beams of light, rather than electrons, to carry data.
Optical networks use light pulses to transmit data instead of electrons.
All optical networks are desirable.
All optical networks are on the horizon.
Optical observation is advantageous, even if the spatial resolution is limited.
Optical observations are probably the most direct way to quantify the surface of crystals.
Optical observations are strongly encouraged.
Optical observations show a few hundred galaxies in the cluster.
Optical observations suggest that the lobes correspond to the equatorial plane of the progenitor.
Optical observatories have optical telescopes for the study of light.
Most optical observatories stand on high mountains, where the sky is almost always clear.
Optical occlusion occurs in time, and is perfectly reversible.
Optical orders continue to be the big driver here.
Optical performance is enhanced, and reliability increased.
Optical performance is excellent.
An optical phenomenon is a physical phenomenon
Optical phenomenon is found in colorless zone on outer portion of crystal.
Optical pickups are a type of pickup that sense string and body vibrations using infrared LED light.
Most optical plans do.
Optical polymers achieve both optical and thermal stability.
Optical power is a function of both the number of photons and the wavelength.
Most optical practices are able to offer a range of good quality, low cost frames for children.
Optical prints are typically of better quality than contact prints.
Optical printings plays contrasting with black and white.
Optical probes can be a powerful technique for probing the underlying microscopic processes.
Optical professionals can become more proficient from the wealth of topics that are available.
Optical properties are functions of tissue damage, as determined by previous measurements.
Optical properties are sensitive to chemical composition and surface morphology.
Optical properties are the way a mineral looks and what light does when it shines on it.
Optical properties ofwater.
Optical properties vary greatly with composition.
Optical properties vary with composition.
Optical pulsars form a very small subset of known pulsars.
An optical pyrometer is a pyrometer
Optical pyrometers are even faster.
Optical quality can be very good.
Optical quality is equally stunning.
Optical quality is excellent, too.
Optical quality is great.
Optical quality is important regardless of the aperture.
Optical quality seems fairly good, as does the mechanical quality.
Optical range finding devices are legal.
Optical reading is part of the standard package.
Optical redundancy is available as an option.
Optical redundancy is optional.
Optical resolution is built into the hardware while interpolated resolution is a matter of software.
Optical resolution is horizontal dpi by vertical dpi.
Optical resolution is just as hyped and misunderstood as bit depth.
Optical resolution is the original resolution provided by the scanner optical device.
Optical resolution is the real capability of the lens and optical sensors in a scanner.
Optical resolution is what the scanner can actually resolve in terms of pixels.
Optical responses pass along the tracts to the back of the brain known as the visual cortex .
Optical retailers are companies offering eyeglasses, contact lenses and vision corrective services.
Optical scan requires voters to color in an oval or arrow next to a candidate s name.
Optical scanner measures the strength of the fluorescence of each sample spot.
Optical scanners are a lateral move.
Optical scanners are in.
Optical scanners have difficulty reading information that is bold, underlined, or italicized.
Optical sciences combine education in optics, mathematics, physics, electronics, and holography.
Optical sensor prevents print head from printing beyond the edges of the loaded form.
Optical sensor prevents printhead from printing beyond the edges of the loaded form.
Optical sensors are basically telescopes, gathering light reflected off an object in space.
Optical sensors designed for FFVs measure the differences in the fuel mixture index of refraction.
Optical sensors is both good and bad though.
Optical sensors monitor product dispensing.
Optical sensors react to ultraviolet radiation from a spark or flame.
Optical sensors turn on lights, guide paper in copiers and scan bar codes.
Optical services consist of frame styling and dispensing.
Optical sets are available separately.
Optical sharpness is very good, especially considering the price.
Optical shutters are moderately small.
All optical sights have dioptric setting range for glass wears.
Optical signals diffract off of that grating if certain matching conditions are met.
Optical signals monitor major functions.
Optical simulators allow students to set up a light source, a lens, and a screen.
Optical size is the output size which is best for the design of the font.
Optical sprinklers rotate in time and can be used for the trapping and distribution of cold atoms.
Optical stabilization is better than digital.
Optical stocks come roaring back.
Optical storage consists of CD-ROM and DVD disks.
Optical storage frees agencies from the burden of managing paper files.
Optical storage holds great promise in the future, but that future also includes magnetic storage.
Optical storage is an increasingly popular method of storing data.
Optical storage is removable and inexpensive to manufacture.
Optical stores can usually replace lenses, too.
Optical surfaces are polished and protected with damage-resistant reflective coatings.
All optical surface are susceptible to contamination.
All optical surfaces are anti-reflection coated.
All optical surfaces are susceptible to be damaged easily.
Optical switches are, in some cases, thousands of times faster than the electrical switches.
Optical switches present the 'speed bumps' on the information superhighway.
Optical switches steer data from one optical port or one individual lambda flow to the next.
Optical system design an component selection for imaging sensors.
Optical system has too much flare and distortion.
Optical systems are also useful for capturing movement of actual animals.
Optical systems are more complex than electrical systems.
Optical systems have problems with occlusion caused by one body part blocking another from view.
Optical systems make use of the visible-light portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Optical systems require monitoring, just as other networks do.
Optical systems require nanometre scale apertures and light guides.
Optical systems use either natural or artificially generated guide stars to detect the distortions.
All optical systems are interchangeable within the housing.
All optical systems contain both imaging and non-imaging or illumination systems.
Any optical system has distortion.
Some optical systems have square or rectangular entrance pupils.
Optical tables can reduce only one.
Optical tablets operate by a very small digital camera in the stylus .
Optical tablets operate by a very small digital camera in the stylus.
Optical tape is an emerging media for high-density storage of computer data.
Optical techniques allow localization of electrical activity over surface of cell and over time.
Optical techniques can distinguish between natural diamonds and synthetic diamonds.
Optical techniques have a long history in engineering measurement.
Optical technologies are hot - and getting hotter.
Optical technology is far more stable than magnetic cartridge, tape, or floppy.
Optical technology is the oldest and most widely used.
Optical technology keeps mouse performing longer without maintenance.
Optical technology means long-term storage life and inexpensive storage capacity upgrades.
An optical telescope is an astronomical telescope
Optical telescopes are astronomical telescopes.
Optical telescopes are extremely powerful telescopes that magnify images in space.
Optical telescopes are unable to pick up radio waves.
Optical telescopes can see proplyds only when they are lying against a brightly lit background.
Optical telescopes come in two major categories now refracting and reflecting.
Optical telescopes focus light.
Optical telescopes focus visible light.
Optical telescopes have mirrors or lenses which collect or refract light.
Optical telescopes operate on two fundamental properties of light, reflection and refraction.
Optical telescopes use lenses and mirrors to see the stars of the universe.
Most optical telescopes focus light.
Most optical telescopes focus visible light.
Optical theodolites use a telescope to aid in tracking.
Optical tools Apply and distinguish between optical comparators, optical flats, and microscopes.
Optical transmission Describe the characteristics of optical transmission systems.
Optical transparency is seen as a key to upgradeability by the major telecommunications operators.
Optical trapping is a method for non-mechanical manipulation of small particles.
Optical trapping is accomplished by photons that go through, rather than bounce off, a target.
Optical viewfinder shows very slightly larger area than does LCD .
Most optical viewfinders have a circle right in the center.
Optical windows are then frit bonded to the remaining open sides of the chamber.
Optical wires are one form of wave guide.
Optical zoom is a very important feature on a digital camera.
Optical zoom is better than digital zoom and some cameras offer both.
Optical zoom is better.
Optical zoom is the important spec - and bigger is better.
Optical zoom is the only kind that really means anything.
Optical zoom is the real zoom, using the camera's optic lenses.
Optical zoom is true zoom - it provides better images than digital zoom.
Optical zoom makes the picture appear as if it was taken with the camera closer to the subject.
Optical zoom provides a far better image than digital zoom.
Optical zooms are more functional and take better images.
Optical zooms are superior to digital zooms.
Optical zooms enlarge the subjects optically, using the camera's lens.
An optician is a skilled worker
Optician isa worker.
Opticians adjust glasses to comfortably suit their customers.
Opticians adjust glasses to fit their customers comfortably.
Opticians advise customers on styles of eyewear that suit their needs.
Opticians also adjust and repair glasses and frames.
Opticians also give advice to customers on frames and lens types.
Opticians also help to arrange for grinding and polishing contact lenses.
Opticians also make corrective lenses.
Opticians also work for optometrists or ophthalmologists.
Opticians are often responsible for the business aspects of running an optical store.
Opticians are professionals.
Opticians are responsible for verifying that the completed glasses meet all the specifications.
Opticians are skilled workers.
Opticians are technicians who fill prescriptions written by ophthalmologists and optometrists.
Opticians are technicians who use a doctor's prescription to make corrective lenses.
Opticians are the professionals who create precision lenses for a variety of uses.
Opticians are truly health care professionals.
Opticians conduct routine eye tests.
Opticians conduct routine tests.
Opticians conduct tests.
Opticians deal with customers most of the time and spend much time on their feet.
Opticians do eye tests.
Opticians do it visually.
Opticians do it with their eyes.
Opticians enter occupations.
Opticians fill eyewear prescriptions.
Opticians fill prescriptions for eye wear written by ophthalmologists and optometrists.
Opticians fill prescriptions written by eye doctors.
Opticians fill spectacle prescriptions and help fit patients for glasses.
Opticians grind and dispense eyeglasses and in some states dispense contact lenses.
Opticians have (part) arms.
Opticians have (part) body substances.
Opticians have (part) cell membranes.
Opticians have (part) cells.
Opticians have (part) corpi.
Opticians have (part) cytoplasm.
Opticians have (part) heads.
Opticians have (part) human bodies.
Opticians have (part) legs.
Opticians have (part) material bodies.
Opticians have (part) necks.
Opticians have (part) nuclei.
Opticians have (part) personality.
Opticians have (part) plasma membranes.
Opticians have (part) sections.
Opticians have (part) vacuoles.
Opticians help customers choose eyeglass frames and lens treatments.
Opticians learn to adjust eyeglass frames during training.
Opticians make observations.
Opticians manufacture and dispense corrective lenses.
Opticians provide and dispense eyeglasses.
Opticians recommend a metal frame with flexible hinges for durability and nose pads for comfort.
Opticians serve customers directly.
Opticians show customers how to insert, remove, and care for their contacts.
Opticians specialize in the manufacture and fitting of eyeglasses and contacts.
Opticians spend a lot of time on their feet.
Opticians spend a lot of time with customers, most of it on their feet.
Opticians take measurements so that the lenses fit well.
Opticians use an interesting variety of skills.
Opticians use license.
Opticians use various instruments to help select and fit contact lenses for their customers.
Opticians work closely with and in most cases directly for doctors.
Opticians work closely with customers of all ages, from young children to senior citizens.
Opticians work in a variety of settings and working conditions.
Opticians work in hospitals and eye clinics.
Opticians work in offices.
Opticians frequently use special tools to make final adjustments and repairs to eyeglasses.
Most opticians conduct routine eye tests.
Most opticians conduct routine tests.
Most opticians conduct tests.
Most opticians enter occupations.
Most opticians gain experience working on the job.
Most opticians make observations.
Most opticians work full time, although part-time opportunities also are available.
Most opticians work in offices.
Some opticians also fit contact lenses.
Some opticians become self-employed.
Some opticians branch out with their own store or into higher management positions.
Some opticians complete continue education requirements.
Some opticians have pictures instead.
Some opticians learn their skills through formal training programs.
Some opticians leave industries.
Some opticians own their own stores.
Some opticians start business.
Some opticians start own business.
Some opticians use machines or computers in eye tests.
Some opticians work full time.
Some opticians work time.
Opticokinetic nystagmus is absent.
Optika executives say the company is focusing more on solutions integrators as channel partners.
Optikinetic testing is designed to assess visual accuracy in dynamic environments.
Optimal absorption occurs when pills are taken with meals or soon after meals.
Optimal achievement requires risk-taking.
Optimal alignment varies from person to person, depending on their histories and true limitations.
Optimal answer is one.
Optimal approaches are likely to include a mix of broad policy reforms and site-specific activities.
Optimal arrangements are desks with separate chairs or tables so it is easy to move.
Optimal behaviour can violate the principle of regularity.
Optimal blur appears to depend on domain.
Optimal breathing is in many ways senior to thinking.
Optimal breathing is one of the key ways to stay healthy.
Optimal cable is what the current hardware is set up to be able to do as a theoretical maximum.
Optimal care requires long-term consideration of patients' needs and periodic reevaluation.
Optimal care requires pre-pregnancy counselling.
Optimal challenge allows learners to pursue tasks which are moderately difficult to achieve.
Optimal choices make more money.
Optimal composites show with extremal effective properties.
Optimal conditions allow for simultaneous display of input signal and average.
Optimal conditions occur after a late warm spring.
Optimal conditions occur when victims mouth is open.
Optimal conditions promote growth.
Optimal conditions refer to conditions.
Optimal conditions seem to be mesic habitats.
Most optimal conditions promote growth.
Most optimal conditions refer to conditions.
Optimal consumption increases each time that wealth achieves a new maximum.
Optimal control techniques depend on states.
Optimal control is like a multi dimensional curve fitting technique.
Optimal decisions involve a certain degree of experimentation.
Optimal design is changed to reinforce all directions.
Optimal design means that the can has a minimum surface area for any given volume.
Optimal digestion leads to elimination.
Optimal digestion occurs at degrees.
Most optimal digestion leads to elimination.
Most optimal digestion occurs at degrees.
Optimal distance is when tori's outstretched leg is straight when the foot is on uke's knee.
Optimal dosage depends on one's age and state of health.
Optimal electrode designs for electrosurgery.
Optimal emergence occurs at or just below the soil surface.
Optimal estimation stabilizes the solution against error amplification.
Optimal flows tend to come in recreational activities rather than educational situations.
Optimal function is achieved by muscle transfer and skeletal reconstruction.
Optimal growth occurs in full sun light.
Optimal growth occurs just under boiling point, and can replicate above boiling temperature.
Optimal habitat includes refuse piles, debris or vegetation for cover, and accessible free water.
Optimal habitat is open grasslands with thick bush and scrub for cover when hunting and denning.
Optimal habitats are open forests and woodlands with sources of water over which to feed.
Optimal habitats include areas.
Optimal habitats include grassy areas.
Optimal habitats include open grassy areas.
Optimal habitats include shrubs.
Some optimal habitats have organic matter.
Optimal harvest is at about age five, although senior reptilians are kept around for breeding.
Optimal health calls for an alkaline pH balance in the body.
Optimal health depends on the ability of defense cells to recognize a good cell from a bad cell.
Optimal health is a balance among physical, emotional, social, sprititual, and intellectual health.
Optimal health is a balance between physical, emotional, social, spiritual, and intellectual health.
Optimal health is a lifetime challenge.
Optimal health is a result of harmony between the body, mind and spirit.
Optimal health is achieved by accomplishing both.
Optimal health is essential for maximizing educational opportunities.
Optimal health is much more than the absence of sickness.
Optimal health is synonymous with optimal adaptation.
Optimal health is the achievement of health potential.
Optimal health reduces absenteeism, disability, employee turnover, and direct health care costs.
Optimal health requires thoughtful and precise action.
Optimal healthcare is an important component of any competitive athlete's regimen.
Optimal holdings are thus linear functions of risk tolerance.
Optimal hydration seems to favor resolution of thrombus.
Optimal intakes remain unknown and are likely to vary depending upon the individual.
Optimal investment is a non-decreasing function of q, the shadow value of capital.
Optimal investment means exercising that call at the best time.
Optimal length is a full day or other period as appropriate.
Optimal length is one to two days.
Overhangs are one of the architectural differences between the two homes in the Lakeland project.
Overhangs are projections.
Overhangs are short resulting in a reasonably long sailing length.
Overhangs can reduce solar gain through windows.
Overhangs have (part) bases.
Overhangs have (part) sections.
Overhangs have a tendency to trap hot air under the soffit as it rises.
Overhangs ignite easily by flying embers and by the heat and fire that get trapped underneath.
Overhangs indicate a sudden stop or sidestep.
Overhangs reduce solar gain through windows.
Overhangs shade the south-facing windows from direct sunlight during the summer.
Many overhangs occur which offer refugia to some fish.
Some overhangs cover windows.
Some overhangs have dense schools of golden sweepers inside.
Some overhangs protect eyes.
An overhaul is improvement
Overhauls are expensive and crankshafts are getting scarce.
Overhead aircraft practise for the forthcoming weekend show.
Overhead beaters are somewhat easier to work with and are less tiring.
Overhead bulbs burn out frequently.
Overhead burden is a function of workload.
Overhead cabinets extending over the work surface also create areas of shadow and contrast.
Overhead canopies help keep bad weather and strong sunlight at bay.
Overhead charges apply to all research contracts except the following.
Overhead clamps pick up the straw and deposit it in the shredder machine.
Overhead clearance is insufficient for all but young children.
Overhead conductors are a commodity supplied by several companies worldwide.
All overhead consoles contain strip lighting behind smoke plexi glass.
Overhead controls are difficult to read in daytime.
Overhead controls provide the ultimate in cabin comfort.
Overhead cost is every cost excluding direct material costs and direct labor cost.
Overhead costs are expenses incurred when running a business.
Overhead costs are lower when the total number of tiles is smaller.
Overhead costs are minimal, and can be easily recouped through sales revenue.
Overhead costs are minimal.
Overhead costs are redundant.
Overhead costs are to be funded by the responsible defense agency.
Overhead costs can represent a staggering percentage of earnings.
Overhead costs go down.
Overhead costs represent a very small savings, but demonstrates commitment to fiscal responsibility.
Overhead costs tend to be like that, too.
Overhead cover consists of riparian vegetation, overhanging banks, turbulent water, and logs.
Overhead cover is important.
Overhead cranes move materials into place quickly.
Overhead cranes transfer the casks between the cask handling basins and the rail or truck cars.
Overhead cutting is extremely tiring and dangerous.
Overhead doors allow access for passenger vehicles on one end.
Overhead doors are optional.
Overhead expense is guaranteed to be the most reasonable in Vancouver.
Overhead expenses are a major part of the total cost of doing business.
Overhead expenses are higher at hospitals in markets with high managed care enrollment.
Overhead expenses are one of the most frequently overlooked.
Overhead expenses increase every year because of inflation.
Overhead fans are in every room.
Overhead fans provide extra ventilation for the living areas.
Overhead fans stir the air.
Overhead fluorescents are awful and noisy.
Overhead foils are the most effective visual medium for classroom-size areas.
Overhead funds help support undergraduate research.
Overhead gantries allow access to the roof.
Overhead glare can contribute to the problem.
Overhead hammock holds gear,flashlight or shower bag.
All overhead hatches have roller blinds.
Overhead heaters make dining on the terrace delightful in cooler temperatures.
Overhead heating is much better than undertank heat.
Overhead increases are justified when they contribute to profit increases.
Overhead irrigation can help reduce frost injury on calm nights.
Overhead irrigation can lead to water loss because of a greater rate of evaporation and wind drift.
Overhead irrigation can lessen the amount of desiccation injury, especially during hot periods.
Overhead irrigation is appropriate for lawns and large shrub beds.
Overhead irrigation is set up in four zones for flexibility.
Overhead irrigation is used with the rail system.
Overhead lamps are appreciated as they allow the skink to bask.
Overhead lamps provide sufficient illumination to drive primary production experiments.
Overhead light brackets pivot to direct light where it's needed.
Overhead lights can also cause glare problems.
Overhead lights shine on the dancers.
Overhead lighting includes mirror ball, chasers, strobes, and multicolored lighting.
Overhead lighting is provided by either incandescent or mercury vapor.
All overhead lighting is on dimmers sensitive to the amount of natural daylight.
Overhead line is designed on the principle of one or more overhead wires situated over rail tracks.
Overhead lockers are double lined again for extra strength and for ease of cleaning.
Overhead masters supplement the poster.
Overhead measurements are always valid and often the most useful measurement.
Overhead monitors offer race replays, mutuel information as well as in-house general information.
Overhead monitors offer race replays.
Overhead panel Pops out on takeoff, dangling On wires, jangling nerves.
Overhead photos compare tunnel and bypass routes.
Overhead pipes burst, sending water cascading down on innocents who slept.
Overhead pivot ensures biomechanically correct motion.
Overhead position offers easy in, easy out access.
Overhead projection is recommended.
An overhead projector is a projector
Overhead projector is a standard two-lamp overhead placed permanently in the room.
Overhead projector is available.
Overhead projector is used to project color of solutions.
Overhead projector transparencies only.
Overhead projectors allow easy enlargments of illustrations to the size needed.
Overhead projectors are always available.
Overhead projectors are available in all rooms.
Overhead projectors are available in both rooms.
Overhead projectors are available in general purpose classrooms and many labs.
Overhead projectors are available, slide or video projectors can be arranged.
Overhead projectors are available.
Overhead projectors are electrical devices.
Overhead projectors are fairly reliable pieces of equipment.
Overhead projectors are in all classrooms.
Overhead projectors are located in conferences.
Overhead projectors are only available by special request.
Overhead projectors are players.
Overhead projectors are projectors.
Overhead projectors are the best tools for focusing students' attention in the classroom.
Overhead projectors can display a great deal more than just writing.
Overhead projectors can project words, data, drawings, photographs, animations and video.
Overhead projectors have brackets for acetate rolls.
Overhead projectors Have clear space so that children can read what is presented.
Overhead projectors take practice to use effectively.
Most overhead projectors have a second lamp in case the first one blows.
Overhead protection is required for food handling areas.
Overhead rates are the same as negotiated campus values.
Overhead rates change on specific effective dates.
Overhead return is a statistical report of research funding and expenses, etc.
Overhead scanners record the weight of each package on the conveyor belt and calculate postage.
Overhead sets come regularly.
Overhead shelters give protection against liquid sprays and splashes.
Overhead shields provide a limited playing surface but also take up lap-room in front of the child.
Overhead signs indicate designated entrances.
Overhead signs tell customers where to go.
Overhead spending is mandatory and automatic.
Overhead sprinklers offer a wide range of watering patterns and area coverages.
Some overhead sprinklers provide frost protection.
Some overhead sprinklers provide protection.
Overhead squats build that kind of strength.
Overhead stops are preferred.
Overhead supply remains daunting.
Overhead systems are in known orbits, are predictable, and their sensing capabilities known.
Overhead systems maximize coverage and minimize dry spots.
Overhead systems seem to be popular for larger acreages.
Overhead Teacher uses manuals, textbooks, and activities from various resources.
Overhead transmission loads only seem to grow.
Overhead transparencies are a vital and extremely flexible part of any instructor's arsenal.
Overhead transparencies are acceptable.
Overhead transparencies are an effective and commonly used visual aid.
Overhead transparencies are available to put up before classes to advertise blood drives.
Overhead transparencies are effective when interacting with small audiences in a lighted room.
Overhead transparencies present the images with various titles for discussion.
Overhead transparencies remain the most common medium in business presentations.
Overhead trays replicate the routing of the flight cables in the aircraft.
Overhead unit is wood or fabric panel.
Overhead vegetation is trimmed with a tractor mounted boom mower.
Overhead view shows the chassis plate and layout of the electronic components.
Overhead viewgraphs are the preferred medium for the briefings.
Overhead wires are a common fixture in the farm and ranch setting and in fields.
Overhead wires whistle.
Overhead can be high.
Overhead hovers the skeleton of giant wooden crane that once hoisted transformers into place.
Overhead is ceilings.
Overhead is expense
Overhead is lower and costs per thousand board feet decrease.
Overhead is part of cabins.
Overhead is returns.
Overhead rises the city of the privileged, the paradise of the future.
Overheads are a good, easy way to share data in the form of tables and graphs.
Overheads are available by topic.
Overheads are available here.
Overheads are available.
Overheads are computer-generated.
Overheads are far less than for many law firms, which reflects in the fee rates.
Overheads are fine as are demos.
Overheads are hard to see.
Overheads are in .pdf format.
Overheads are low and demand is high.
Overheads are low and, unlike the press, the product is available free to consumers.
Overheads are low.
Overheads are minimal.
Overheads are more overwhelming.
Overheads are of two fundamentally different kinds.
Overheads are particularly useful in the classroom.
Overheads are the bane of hearing aid user s existence, for a couple of reasons.
Overheads are the kiss of death for some students.
Overheads are useful when figures are discussed.
Overheads are very low and salaries are minimized because of the contribution of volunteers.
Overheads Below are the circuits used in Electronics Workbench.
Overheads can also be photos.
Overheads cost more than planned too.
Overheads enhance presentation.
Overheads have to be met.
Overheads lead to stupid bullet lists and encourage sloppy generic thinking.
Overheads offer intimacy and remarkable interactivity.
Overheads presented by various panelists are available upon request.
All overhead is paid for by the station.
Many overheads come from the text, in which case the figure number or table number is listed.
Some overheads just repeat what the lecturer is saying.
Overheated bottles can explode.
Overheated coils produce weak sparks, and can eventually burn out.
Overheated infants are more likely to go into a deep sleep from which they are difficult to arouse.
Overheated markets blow up.
Overhung load causes high stress at a point such as a keyway, notch or fretted surface.
Overhyped violence leads to reactionary law.
Overindulgence causes both young and old to lose control of their tongues.
Overindulgence causes golden-yellow tinge to vision on following day.
Overindulgence damages health and shortens life span.
Overindulgence is a form of child neglect.
Overindulgence is defined as to indulge to excess .
Overindulgence is humoring
Overindulgence is indulgence.
Overindulgence is simply an outward symptom of inward insecurity.
Overindulgence means that children have too many toys.
Overindulgence occurs mainly with young children.
Overindulgence produces malnutrition and obesity.
Overindulgence reaffirms unworthiness.
Overinflated egos get people hurt.
Overinflated lungs are one symptom of asthma.
Overinflated lungs push down on the stomach.
Overinflated tires cause poor handling and uneven wear.
Overinflated tires have smaller footprints and produce less traction.
Overjoyed clients are the best business building tools in existence.
Overland flow is assumed only to occur when the ground is saturated.
Overland flow is directed to the southwest.
Overland flow is particularly visible in urban areas.
Overland flow is the most direct route for protozoan transportation.
Overland flow is the most direct route for water transportation.
Overland flow is to the southeast.
Overland flow occurs over saturated soil, usually adjacent to stream channels.
Overland flow occurs when precipitation exceeds infiltration rates.
Overland Park has several Russian and Asian people who use food pantries.
Overland Park is a dynamic community with much to offer residents and visitors alike.
Overland Park is a growing community in eastern Kansas.
Overland Park is a residential suburb of Kansas City, and is only minutes from area attractions.
Overland Park is a suburb in the southwest corner of Kansas City.
Overland Park is a suburb of Kansas City.
Overland Park offers one of the most highly skilled and educated labor pools in the country.
Overland Park serves as the regional, national and world headquarters for many companies.
Overland route has swamps, many ladders, rough terrain and a suspension bridge.
Most overland routes cross fewer borders and meet less daunting red tape along the way.
Overland travel can be dangerous.
Overland travel is more about people than destinations.
Overlap bread slices in pan over syrup.
Overlap bread slices like dominos in pan over syrup.
Overlap bread slices on top.
Overlap lace ends leaving excess length.
Overlap Detailed Description Breaks up image into blocks and save in files.
Overlap ends and cut off surplus binding.
Overlap ends and cut through both to butt ends neatly.
Overlap ends and sew together.
Overlap ends and stitch together.
Overlap is a conjunction
Overlap is concurrences.
Overlap is representations.
Overlap isa representation.
Overlap slices on microwave-safe dinner plate.
Overlap slices slightly in a shallow baking dish.
Overlap slices to form a circle.
Overlaps are common.
Overlaps are feasible by comparing start and finish dates.
Overlaps are minimal, but chapters are substantially independent.
Overlaps are therefore fragments with exactly one potential cut site within it.
Overlaps occur for the same reasons as cores.
Overlaps occur in the diagnoses of mental illnesses.
Any overlap increases chemical use and time taken and hence the cost of the spraying operation.
More overlap gives more depth perception.
More overlap occurs and bands of low and high energy replace the distinct energy levels.
Much overlap therefore occurs throughout the text that follows, as it did at the workshop.
Some overlap usually occurs.
Some overlap does exist between audit types.
Some overlap exists.
Some overlap is encouraged.
Some overlap is good.
Some overlap is inevitable and indeed desirable.
Some overlap is necessary for a true check.
Some overlap makes for low overhead.
Overlapped pans provide a corrugated surface that reduces material slippage.
Overlapped seams are when a part of each chamber actually overlays the other chamber.
Many overlapping generations can occur annually.
Many overlapping generations can occur each year.
Overlapping grids are a flexible and efficient way to create grids for complicated regions.
Some overlapping text is designed to be on separate lines but still overlapping.
Overlappingtextual features are an inescapable fact of textual life.
Overlay aperture shows graphical representation of beam width calculation.
Overlay code is the portion of code that can be loaded into or discarded from memory as needed.
Overlay controls let students see water bodies, cities, major industry, counties and highways.
Overlay networks are expensive to build from scratch.
Overlay system adds detail as the view zooms in.
An overlay is protection
Overlay comes with a zippered terry cloth cover that is easy to remove for cleaning.
Overlay is available only in the Cataloging module.
Overlay is prepunched with holes for inserting ribbon.
Overlay is prepunched with holes for insterting the ribbon.
Overlay provides individuals with the best possible soultion for site specific problems.
Overlays are an important tool for deploying new services on the Internet.
Overlays are by default enabled for the root window.
Overlays are decoration.
Overlays are far less expensive and disruptive for both customers and service providers.
Overlays are groups of points of interest.
Overlays are layers of stencils that make up one design.
Overlays are layers.
Overlays are nice.
Overlays are only of use if one can also see what is being overlaid.
Overlays are program segments that can be loaded into memory only as needed.
Overlays are thematic based and also contain stories, songs and games.
Overlays are too flashy.
Overlays can now be differant on each side of the door.
Overlays can provide orientation and perspective.
Overlays can send letters, phrases, mouse movements and other special keys and commands.
Overlays cause less disruption for small businesses no lost customers or incomplete calls.
Overlays count as an overhead slide.
Overlays have to be .bmp files.
Overlays menu allows changing the color of the overlays.
Overlays provide additional load-carrying capacity and a smoother ride.
Overlays run about half that.
Overlays save on time, labor, and disposal costs.
Overlays typically add functions to programs.
Overlays Use overlays to highlight parts of the buffer.
Overlays vary in bandwidth, latency, coverage, and application-level performance visibility.
Overlays work with a hot spot technology that replicates keystrokes on a standard keyboard.
Overlays work with both the disk and CD version of the software.
All overlays fit over top to create new scenes.
Some overlays have a small arc of a few inches of the four innermost rings of the target.
Overload protection Identify and describe the devices used for motor overload protection.
Overload protection is possible within certain limits.
Overload protection is provided if the circuit is checked in ohms mode.
Overload protection is provided in the magnetic motor starter.
Overload protection remains functional even if the adjustment pin is accidentally disconnected.
An overload is load
Overload adds offset into argument.
Overload can happen very quickly.
Overload happens when the body responds to training loads greater than normal.
Overload has great gameplay and is extremely fun.
Overload induces muscles to adapt, to increase their ability to generate force.
Overload is a primary source of stress, continue to set and evaluate priorities and projects.
Overload is also important.
Overload is another problem.
Overload is another ritual fault.
Overload is caused by a shortage of resources.
Overload is even better.
Overload is exciting and requires a good balance of offense and defense.
Overload is fatigue.
Overload is hurry.
Overload is imminent.
Overload is one.
Overload is paid for equated hours over the normal teaching load as defined in the term contract.
Overload is red ink.
Overload is the principle of more work than the muscle normally encounters.
Overload is when an employee is being paid over their annual salary.
Overload isa load.
Overload makes possible some use of faculty when it is necessary in the delivery of such programs.
Overload matters PSU regulation boosts audio perf.
Overload means to use a standard symbol or name, but the action is type or class dependent.
Overload produces distortion.
Overload Provides the solution to information overload.
Overload raises shield strength and power.
Overload relay in each phase.
Overload simply refers to a very heavy weight.
Overload stops located in base of scale.
Overload surely beats inactivity and isolation.
Overload takes assaulting the enemy base to the next level.
Overloads affect faculty productivity.
Overloads are load.
Overloads are to be shoveled off.
Overloads are to be used to relieve temporary shortages in the availability of teaching faculty.
Overloads can occur seasonally or daily.
Overloads can occur without the advisor s knowledge.
Overloads have (part) sections.
Overloads incur no charges.
Overloads represent additional students in classes.
Overloads require the processing of an approved academic petition.
Overloads traveling on a route approved by the director are exempt from any truck route regulations.
All overloads use center lane.
All Overloads use center lane.
Any overload can cause it.
Some overloads encourage growth.
Some overloads encourage plant growth.
Overloaded capacity can make a server s performance suffer.
Overloaded capacity can make a server's performance suffer.
Overloaded circuits can also cause undervoltages.
Overloaded circuits can overheat and cause a fire.
Overloaded circuits do have a way of blowing a fuse.
Overloaded circuits permitted by improper fuses or dangerous substitutes are hazardous.
Overloaded circuits present another problem.
Overloaded conductors get hot and cause fires.
Overloaded cords can cause a fire.
Overloaded cords can overheat and cause a fire.
Overloaded cords can overheat and cause fires or damage to equipment.
Overloaded cords can overheat and cause fires.
Overloaded function is selected dynamically.
Overloaded functions are functions with the same names that take different types of arguments.
Overloaded method causes runtime error.
Overloaded methods can exist, in any number, in the same class.
Overloaded methods can have different return values, but only if they also have different arguments.
Overloaded methods have the same name but different parameters.
Overloaded networks are more likely to drop packets reducing voice quality.
Overloaded objects are just one of the many enhancements behind the curtains.
Overloaded operators provide ways to assign, concatenate, and compare strings.
Overloaded outlets are a serious fire hazard.
Overloaded peaks are asymmetric with a leading edge.
Overloaded tires are more prone to blow out.
Overloaded transformers provide inadequate current for the length of tubing operated.
Overloaded trees bear small, unprofitable fruit.
Overloaded trucks can cause road and bridge damage.
Overloaded trucks have to go very slow on upgrades.
Paragraphs are to be left justified only.
Paragraphs are to be separated with a blank line.
Paragraphs are too brief, with little supporting evidence.
Paragraphs are too long.
Paragraphs are two - five sentences long .
Paragraphs are underdeveloped.
Paragraphs are undeveloped and weakly constructed.
Paragraphs are unified and coherent.
Paragraphs are unified, and supporting details are sufficient and relevant.
Paragraphs are well developed and transitions help enhance the flow of the essay.
Paragraphs are well organized and complete.
Paragraphs are writing.
Paragraphs are, on the whole, short and to the point.
Paragraphs average fewer than a dozen words.
Paragraphs become grab-bags, with too many ideas jumbled together.
Paragraphs begin and end within the limits of a browser window.
Paragraphs begin flush with the left margin of the text.
Paragraphs build ideas to a logically supported main idea.
Paragraphs burst in the reader's face.
Paragraphs can contain many different kinds of information.
Paragraphs can have both.
Paragraphs can take different forms but most paragraphs have a main idea and supporting details.
Paragraphs connect and there are solid transitions.
Paragraphs contain definite main ideas and supporting details.
Paragraphs contain little supporting detail.
Paragraphs contain main ideas and supporting details.
Paragraphs contain references.
Paragraphs contain related information with summary sentence.
Paragraphs deal with one subject.
Paragraphs define coherent units of thought and make it easier for people to read messages.
Paragraphs describe events.
Paragraphs display unity and coherence.
Paragraphs divide the material into major categories, distinguishing between each paragraph.
Paragraphs do perform a visual function, but they are more than just dams in a flood of writing.
Paragraphs exist on their own without adequate movement.
Paragraphs express main ideas with adequate transitions.
Paragraphs flow quite well and fit together nicely.
Paragraphs flow smoothly.
Paragraphs follow a logical order and exhibit unity and coherence.
Paragraphs form the main body of a document.
Paragraphs generally express one key idea.
Paragraphs generally stick to one topic.
Paragraphs have a sharp focus and include carefully selected evidence.
Paragraphs have adequate development and are divided appropriately.
Paragraphs have at least two supporting detail sentences which relate back to the main idea.
Paragraphs have controlling idea and some support, although weak or vague at times.
Paragraphs have more than two supporting detail sentences which relate back to the main idea.
Paragraphs have no supporting detail sentences which relate back to the main idea.
Paragraphs have one or more sentences.
Paragraphs have one supporting detail sentences which relate back to the main idea.
Paragraphs have problems with their focus, unity, development, or connection to the topic.
Paragraphs have well-developed topic sentences with three to four supporting details.
Paragraphs lack details and information is presented with little elaboration.
Paragraphs lack necessary information as well as nutgraph.
Paragraphs lack unity and coherence.
Paragraphs lead into one another with transitional statements.
Paragraphs look bad when there are varying amounts of space between lines.
Paragraphs loosen up the text if inserted everys couple of lines.
Paragraphs make it difficult to see the main ideas or key points on a resume.
Paragraphs make sense, but many lack clear topic sentences.
Paragraphs methodically develop the argument, in descending order, with effective use of quotes.
Paragraphs obviously lack unity and are poorly developed.
Paragraphs only talk about one thing.
Paragraphs reflect the development of a single idea .
Paragraphs separate the process or series of events into major stages.
Paragraphs start flush with the left margin immediately after headings, and are otherwise indented.
Paragraphs stick to their topic.
Paragraphs still flow smoothly from on to another.
Paragraphs support solid topic sentences.
Paragraphs tend to be incoherent and poorly developed.
Paragraphs tend to be much shorter in e-mail messages and on web pages.
Paragraphs thoroughly express main ideas.
Paragraphs use the browser's default typeface.
Paragraphs vary in size depending on the idea under discussion.
Paragraphs work together to develop the controlling idea established by the thesis .
Paragraphs often run together.
Paragraphs sometimes run together or begin in the wrong places.
Paragraphs usually add an extra line space at the end of a paragraph.
Paragraphs usually signal new content and they have some kind of unity.
All paragraphs are to be left and right justified.
All paragraphs begin indented five spaces from the left margin.
All paragraphs have more than one sentence.
Every paragraph begins with the word 'How', for example, How to define simple functions.
Every paragraph has a heading, which normally is a question.
Every paragraph has information.
Every paragraph has something to offer the reader.
Every paragraph includes an opening and a closing statement.
Every paragraph is divided with the name of an American Indian tribe.
Every paragraph is followed by a small number, which is a link to a commenting mechanism.
Every paragraph is indented to show where a new idea begins.
Every paragraph is relevant to the larger thesis.
Every paragraph is worthy of note and calls for response.
Every paragraph needs a topic sentence and concluding sentence.
Every paragraph reinforces main idea of introduction.
Every paragraph represents one night of writing.
Every paragraph speaks to our woundedness and offers hope and healing.
Many paragraphs are poorly focused, incoherent, or insufficiently-developed.
Many paragraphs have a topic sentence.
Many paragraphs have purposes other than topical divisions.
Most paragraphs are at least three sentences long.
Most paragraphs are mostly interviews followed by facts and analysis.
Most paragraphs contain a topic sentence that states the main idea.
Most paragraphs contain a topic sentence.
Most paragraphs contain at least three sentences.
Most paragraphs contain one or more main ideas in support of that concept.
Most paragraphs contain references.
Most paragraphs contain specific, concrete, detailed discussion.
Most paragraphs describe events.
Most paragraphs have topic sentences.
Most paragraphs use examples that illustrate the topic sentence.
Some paragraphs are part of almanacs.
Some paragraphs are part of anthems.
Some paragraphs are part of anthologies.
Some paragraphs are part of atlases.
Some paragraphs are part of ballads.
Some paragraphs are part of boogie.
Some paragraphs are part of booklets.
Some paragraphs are part of books.
Some paragraphs are part of catalogs.
Some paragraphs are part of cookbooks.
Some paragraphs are part of correspondence.
Some paragraphs are part of dictionaries.
Some paragraphs are part of ditties.
Some paragraphs are part of encyclopedias.
Some paragraphs are part of figures.
Some paragraphs are part of films.
Some paragraphs are part of glossaries.
Some paragraphs are part of guidebooks.
Some paragraphs are part of headers.
Some paragraphs are part of headings.
Some paragraphs are part of headlines.
Some paragraphs are part of hymns.
Some paragraphs are part of illustrations.
Some paragraphs are part of invitation.
Some paragraphs are part of invites.
Some paragraphs are part of jokes.
Some paragraphs are part of letters.
Some paragraphs are part of lullabies.
Some paragraphs are part of magazines.
Some paragraphs are part of manuals.
Some paragraphs are part of movies.
Some paragraphs are part of newspapers.
Some paragraphs are part of notes.
Some paragraphs are part of phonebooks.
Some paragraphs are part of poems.
Some paragraphs are part of postcard.
Some paragraphs are part of primer.
Some paragraphs are part of publications.
Some paragraphs are part of songs.
Some paragraphs are part of text.
Some paragraphs are part of textbooks.
Some paragraphs are part of titles.
Some paragraphs are part of vocabulary.
Some paragraphs describe interaction.
Some paragraphs have a footnote at the end of every sentence.
Some paragraphs require a clearer focus.
Some paragraphs stray off the topic.
Paraguay music is overtly European in nature.
Paraguay isa thing.
Paraguayan economy is mostly based in the agriculture, cotton and soy are the main products.
Paraguayan food is one of the most diverse in south American region.
Paraguayan life is so close to nature.
Paraguayan regulations require country of origin designation on domestic and imported products.
Paraguayan troops start pouring across the border.
Paraguayan has (part) arms.
Paraguayan has (part) body substances.
Paraguayan has (part) cell membranes.
Paraguayan has (part) cells.
Paraguayan has (part) corpi.
Paraguayan has (part) cytoplasm.
Paraguayan has (part) heads.
Paraguayan has (part) human bodies.
Paraguayan has (part) legs.
Paraguayan has (part) material bodies.
Paraguayan has (part) necks.
Paraguayan has (part) nuclei.
Paraguayan has (part) personality.
Paraguayan has (part) plasma membranes.
Paraguayan has (part) sections.
Paraguayan has (part) vacuoles.
Paraguayan isa dweller.
Paraguayan isa inhabitant.
Parainfluenza infections are most severe in infants and become less severe with age.
A parainfluenza virus is an adenovirus
Parainfluenza viruses continue to circulate.
A parakeet is a parrot
Parakeet isa parrot.
Parakeets adapt quickly to their cage and can be quite playful.
Parakeets also enjoy the companionship of other birds, and do best when kept in pairs or groups.
Parakeets also get a lot of exercise by climbing on the bars.
Parakeets are a part of ancient history.
Parakeets are a popular first time bird.
Parakeets are almost always friendly with each other if all placed in the cage at the same time.
Parakeets are also fairly easy to take care of.
Parakeets are birds.
Parakeets are carnivorous.
Parakeets are cautious and mistrustful of all innovations.
Parakeets are easy to care for, but have some special needs.
Parakeets are exotic birds from Australia, New Zealand, Asia, and Central and South America.
Parakeets are extremely intelligent, sweet family oriented birds.
Parakeets are extremely social.
Parakeets are fairly intelligent birds.
Parakeets are found all around the world.
Parakeets are from the continent of Australia.
Parakeets are green.
Parakeets are inexpensive, easy to care for and entertaining.
Parakeets are intelligent little birds and they are generally easy to tame.
Parakeets are intelligent, have outgoing personalities and are friendly and active.
Parakeets are parakeets.
Parakeets are parrots.
Parakeets are parrots.
Parakeets are pets.
Parakeets are relatively easy to feed.
Parakeets are sensitive to large swings in temperature.
Parakeets are sexually dimorphic, which means males and females are visually different.
Parakeets are small to medium sized parrots.
Parakeets are small to medium-sized parrots with long tails.
Parakeets are small vertebrate birds.
Parakeets are sociable birds and enjoy being kept in pairs or groups.
Parakeets are social and prefer to live in pairs or groups.
Parakeets are social creatures that form bonds.
Parakeets are very active and burn up energy at a huge rate.
Parakeets are very colorful birds.
Parakeets are very intelligent birds.
Parakeets are very popular pets among bird lovers.
Parakeets are very sociable birds.
Parakeets are very social birds and do well if kept in a colony setting.
Parakeets are very social birds and prefer to be kept in pairs or small groups.
Parakeets are very social, active, and outgoing birds.
Parakeets behave differently when they are sick.
Parakeets belong to families.
Parakeets can also get diseases.
Parakeets can also learn to whistle.
Parakeets can assist each other with unsheathing new feathers.
Parakeets can eat many kinds of vegetables.
Parakeets can enjoy a wide range of foods from seeds, flowers, fruits and vegetables.
Parakeets can form lifelong pair bonds with a mate.
Parakeets can learn to mimic words.
Parakeets can learn to repeat words, sentences, and verses.
Parakeets come in all colors and combinations of colors except for red.
Parakeets come in shades of blue, green, orange, red, yellow, and purple.
Parakeets contain a very distinctive way to determine male and female parakeets.
Parakeets do enjoy being misted.
Parakeets eat seeds.
Parakeets eat vegetables like lettuce, spinach, carrots, or broccoli.
Parakeets enjoy chewing and can ingest some of the plastic.
Parakeets enjoy eating fresh fruit.
Parakeets enjoy having a bit of greens added to their diet.
Parakeets enjoy seeds.
Parakeets enjoy shiny, wooden, rope, foraging, and plastic toys.
Parakeets find food.
Parakeets find it easier to imitate the pitch of their voices.
Parakeets flash by .
Parakeets fly to coffee plantations to feed. and sleep in leafy trees.
Parakeets generally have slender bodies and long, tapered tails.
Parakeets get along with many types of birds.
Parakeets have (part) air sacs.
Parakeets have (part) bird's feet.
Parakeets have (part) brains.
Parakeets have (part) breasts.
Parakeets have (part) cell membranes.
Parakeets have (part) cells.
Parakeets have (part) chest cavities.
Parakeets have (part) chests.
Parakeets have (part) corpi.
Parakeets have (part) cytoplasm.
Parakeets have (part) ears.
Parakeets have (part) faces.
Parakeets have (part) flight feathers.
Parakeets have (part) heads.
Parakeets have (part) lips.
Parakeets have (part) mouths.
Parakeets have (part) nuclei.
Parakeets have (part) plasma membranes.
Parakeets have (part) quill feathers.
Parakeets have (part) rib cages.
Parakeets have (part) second joints.
Parakeets have (part) sections.
Parakeets have (part) skulls.
Parakeets have (part) sterna.
Parakeets have (part) talons.
Parakeets have (part) vacuoles.
Parakeets have (part) wishbones.
Parakeets have a quick metabolism that is similar to finches and canaries, but a bit slower.
Parakeets have a sense of tradition.
Parakeets have a wide color range that includes green, yellow, red, orange, blue and violet.
Parakeets have active personalities.
Parakeets have anatomies.
Parakeets have beaks.
Parakeets have instinct.
Parakeets have metabolism.
Parakeets have time.
Parakeets have tough time.
Parakeets have up to eight babies.
Parakeets inhabit areas.
Parakeets keep themselves clean by preening.
Parakeets lead nomadic lives in their natural environment.
Parakeets like to stretch the leg and wing of one side simultaneously.
Parakeets look very weird when they are just born.
Parakeets make great pets.
Parakeets make lively, attractive companions with their bright plumage and happy chirping.
Parakeets make really good house pets for some people.
Parakeets make wonderful pets.
Parakeets nest in trees.
Parakeets possess feathers.
Parakeets prefer food.
Parakeets prefer non-round cages.
Parakeets produce about six to eight eggs if the parakeet successfully lays eggs.
Parakeets produce an especially severe form of disease.
Parakeets require alot of mental stimulation.
Parakeets show signs of affection to their friends by preening or feeding one another.
Parakeets sing, can be trained to do tricks and talk, and sometimes are affectionate.
Parakeets survive harsh winter.
Parakeets survive winter.
Parakeets take naps.
Parakeets tend to get on a perch and just sit.
Parakeets often enjoy a swing to perch on.
Parakeets often use words and phrases correctly in an appropriate context.
All parakeets are vegetarians and enjoy non-meat food.
Many parakeets can become hand tame.
Most parakeets are fairly easy to breed in captivity, and many can be sexed by sight.
Most parakeets belong to families.
Most parakeets eat seeds.
Most parakeets enjoy seeds.
Most parakeets find food.
Most parakeets have anatomies.
Most parakeets have beaks.
Most parakeets have instinct.
Most parakeets have metabolism.
Most parakeets have time.
Most parakeets have tough time.
Most parakeets possess feathers.
Most parakeets prefer food.
Most parakeets receive about two teaspoons of bird seed a day.
Most parakeets survive harsh winter.
Most parakeets survive winter.
Most parakeets take naps.
Some parakeets are extremly nippy and are very hard to tame, but there are the good ones.
Some parakeets are only one color, but others like the Pied parakeets are two different colors.
Some parakeets can be made into good talkers quickly, others never succeed in becoming efficient.
Some parakeets enjoy learning tricks.
Some parakeets even learn to talk.
Some parakeets have patterns.
Some parakeets have playthings.
Some parakeets have symptoms.
Some parakeets have tops.
Some parakeets nest in cavities.
Some parakeets occupy sites.
Some parakeets reach maturity.
Some parakeets reach sexual maturity.
Some parakeets sit in bottoms.
A paralanguage is communication
Paralanguage can also communicate emotions.
Paralanguage is the ability to communicate without meaningful words - just gestures and voice tones.
Paralanguage is the study of nonverbal cues of the voice.
Paralanguages are communication.
A paraldehyde is an aldehyde
Paraldehyde crosses the placenta.
Paralegal associations can sponsor programs specifically for students.
All paralegal courses stress basic writing skills.
Paralegal education can vary from two months to four years.
Paralegal educators agree teaching is worth the extra effort.
Paralegal interns provide free legal information to the community.
Most paralegal positions require work experience relevant to the legal field.
Paralegal programs train individuals to assist attorneys rather than to prepare for law school.
Most paralegal programs are very broad in their curriculum.
Most paralegal programs offer only a paralegal certificate upon completion of selected law classes.
Paralegal salaries vary.
Paralegal services are also billable to the client.
Paralegal services Investigate, collect, organize and manage information.
Paralegal studies prepares students for challenging and responsible work in the legal environment.
Paralegal training is a plus.
Paralegal training is preferred.
Paralegal volunteers help with calls, intake screening, interviews, and walk-thrus at hearings.
Paralegal work is a fast growing field, one which is increasingly using college graduates.
All paralegal work is done under the direction of an attorney.
A paralegal is a paraprofessional
Paralegals also keep files of all documents and correspondence important to cases.
Paralegals also make money for their firms by improving client satisfaction.
Paralegals also receive discounts on invaluable books and timely lectures.
Paralegals also review government regulations to assure corporation compliance status.
Paralegals also understand the ethical duties involved in dealing with clients.
Paralegals are able to represent consumers and, particularly, indigent clients.
Paralegals are an integral part of the legal services team.
Paralegals are better educated and are given a greater level of responsibility than ever before.
Paralegals are especially active in research and investigations.
Paralegals are expert at paperwork and red-tape.
Paralegals are in demand as they assist attorneys in many important ways.
Paralegals are individuals who assist in the delivery of legal services.
Paralegals are legal professionals.
Paralegals are no longer merely employees.
Paralegals are paraprofessionals.
Paralegals are professionals skilled in the delivery of legal services.
Paralegals assist attorneys with representation of abused or neglected children.
Paralegals assist in teaching groups of clients the process of pro se representation.
Paralegals assist provide legal services to area homeless shelters.
Paralegals assist with homeless legal aid and intake interviews with homeless clients.
Paralegals benefit from assisting attorneys to recognize their continuing legal education needs.
Paralegals can be a great resource in assessing the appropriateness of sites and programs.
Paralegals can be and are used in most every field of law.
Participants are responsible for assigned chapter readings.
Participants are responsible for attending class and taking scheduled examinations.
Participants are responsible for attending three preparatory and one follow-up meeting.
Participants are responsible for booking their own hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for booking their own room.
Participants are responsible for bringing and configuring the aggregation devices.
Participants are responsible for bringing or financing their own lunch.
Participants are responsible for bringing their favorite snack foods.
Participants are responsible for bringing their own camera equipment and film.
Participants are responsible for calling and getting their match times.
Participants are responsible for canceling their own hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for carrying their own luggage.
Participants are responsible for cleaning up their area.
Participants are responsible for completing and submitting the forms.
Participants are responsible for cost of dinner separately.
Participants are responsible for covering all tuition and miscellaneous costs in full.
Participants are responsible for covering their own registration fee, travel and subsistence costs.
Participants are responsible for covering transportation costs.
Participants are responsible for damage.
Participants are responsible for dining and hotels.
Participants are responsible for dinner arrangements.
Participants are responsible for expenditures related to travel, meals, and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for film processing.
Participants are responsible for finalizing their own accomodations.
Participants are responsible for finding their own copies of the works.
Participants are responsible for finding their own housing.
Participants are responsible for finding their own scheduled contest.
Participants are responsible for food and personal camping gear.
Participants are responsible for food, accommodations and film developing costs.
Participants are responsible for getting the swim test taken care of on their own.
Participants are responsible for getting themselves to and from the program.
Participants are responsible for hotel and transportation expenses.
Participants are responsible for hotel and travel arrangements .
Participants are responsible for hotel incidentals.
Participants are responsible for incidentals such as in-room movies, phone calls, and so forth.
Participants are responsible for individual rooms and bathrooms during their stay.
Participants are responsible for individual transportation.
Participants are responsible for individual travel and hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for keeping their spectators under control.
Participants are responsible for loan payments during the deferment period.
Participants are responsible for lodging and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for lodging and travel.
Participants are responsible for lodging, meals, film processing and transportation.
Participants are responsible for lunch and parking.
Participants are responsible for lunch.
Participants are responsible for making all dinner and lodging reservations.
Participants are responsible for making any such arrangements themselves.
Participants are responsible for making hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making lodging and transportation arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own arrangements for travel and accommodations.
Participants are responsible for making their own arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own child care arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own health insurance arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel and travel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel reservation.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel reservations if needed.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own housing and transportation arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own housing arrangements in the area.
Participants are responsible for making their own housing arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own housing reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own lodging arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own lodging reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own motel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own reservations directly with the hotel.
Participants are responsible for making their own reservations, guarantees and payment arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own room reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own roommate and hotel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel and hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel and lodging arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to the U.S. departure city.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel arrange-ments.
Participants are responsible for making their own way to the Isle of Man.
Participants are responsible for meals, lodging, and travel to and from the village.
Participants are responsible for missing and damaged equipment.
Participants are responsible for obtaining a valid passport before departure.
Participants are responsible for obtaining additional funding if necessary.
Participants are responsible for obtaining and paying the fees for their passport.
Participants are responsible for obtaining and paying the fees for their passports.
Participants are responsible for obtaining copies of the texts.
Participants are responsible for obtaining prior management approval before registering.
Participants are responsible for obtaining their own funding.
Participants are responsible for ongoing communications with their advisors.
Participants are responsible for other expenses.
Participants are responsible for overnight accommodations.
Participants are responsible for own computers, modem, telephone line fees.
Participants are responsible for own transportation to and from the camp.
Participants are responsible for parking fees.
Participants are responsible for paying all costs related to travel in addition to tuition and fees.
Participants are responsible for paying for all other meals and snacks.
Participants are responsible for paying for any incidental services.
Participants are responsible for paying for meals, travel, and hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for paying for other expenses.
Participants are responsible for paying for their own airfare or other travel to the program site.
Participants are responsible for paying for their own refreshments.
Participants are responsible for paying for their own travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for paying tax on all prizes.
Participants are responsible for paying tax on any prize.
Participants are responsible for paying their lodging costs.
Participants are responsible for paying their own bar tab.
Participants are responsible for paying their own lodging expenses directly to the hotel.
Participants are responsible for paying their own travel and hotel costs.
Participants are responsible for paying their own travel and hotel expenses.
Participants are responsible for paying their own travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for payment.
Participants are responsible for personal expenses, meals, and local transportation.
Participants are responsible for personal gear, meals, clothing and other individual needs.
Participants are responsible for personal gear, meals, clothing and other indvidual needs.
Participants are responsible for personal travel and accommodation booking.
Participants are responsible for picking up lunches each morning prior to field trip departure.
Participants are responsible for planning their own travel and hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for planting, maintaining, and harvesting their plots.
Participants are responsible for presentation of articles, which are chosen from selected journals.
Participants are responsible for presentation of their work and meeting submission deadlines.
Participants are responsible for property and can be sent home for violation of camp rules.
Participants are responsible for providing a sack lunch for workshops.
Participants are responsible for providing their own camping equipment.
Participants are responsible for providing their own collection materials.
Participants are responsible for providing their own equipment, food, and water.
Participants are responsible for providing their own insurance and for any additional expenditures.
Participants are responsible for providing their own medical insurance coverage.
Participants are responsible for providing their own transportation for the work placement.
Participants are responsible for purchasing lunch at the museum.
Participants are responsible for purchasing their own textbooks in advance, if one is required.
Participants are responsible for reading all materia on the reading list appended below.
Participants are responsible for reading their own times from the clock at the finish line.
Participants are responsible for reserving sub via the automated sub-caller system.
Participants are responsible for second week expenses.
Participants are responsible for securing their own accommodations.
Participants are responsible for securing their own health insurance.
Participants are responsible for settling the bill themselves with the hotel.
Participants are responsible for supplying their own medications and personal essentials.
Participants are responsible for the arrangments and payment of their own travel and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for the balance of the program costs and travel costs.
Participants are responsible for the cleanup associated with the farmers' and crafts market.
Participants are responsible for the connect charges for the telephone- modem updates.
Participants are responsible for the cost and reservations of their own lodging.
Participants are responsible for the cost of international travel and incidentals.
Participants are responsible for the cost of international travel to the seminar site.
Participants are responsible for the cost of personal equipment.
Participants are responsible for the cost of their books.
Participants are responsible for the cost of their personal equipment.
Participants are responsible for the costs of nearly all meals.
Participants are responsible for the financial opertions of the company.
Participants are responsible for the messages they publish.
Participants are responsible for the own air travel.
Participants are responsible for the own long distance charges.
Participants are responsible for the replacement cost of lost, stolen, or missing fare media.
Participants are responsible for the security of their own equipment and materials.
Participants are responsible for their airfare to and from Istanbul.
Participants are responsible for their auction tickets.
Participants are responsible for their breakfast and dinner in Wausau.
Participants are responsible for their hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their hotel costs.
Participants are responsible for their hotel reservations and meals.
Participants are responsible for their hotel reservations and room fees.
Participants are responsible for their individual meals.
Participants are responsible for their insurance.
Participants are responsible for their living expenses and incidental cost during the summer.
Participants are responsible for their lodging and travel.
Participants are responsible for their meals and for all art supplies.
Participants are responsible for their noon meal.
Participants are responsible for their other meals.
Participants are responsible for their overnight accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own accident insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodation and food.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodation and travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodation reservations.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodations, travel expenses, lunches, and dinners.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own accomodation and travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own accomodations and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own air travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own books, parking, transportation, athletic and other fees.
Participants are responsible for their own equipment.
Participants are responsible for their own expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own ferry tickets.
Participants are responsible for their own food and clothing needs.
Participants are responsible for their own food and housing.
Participants are responsible for their own food and personal clothing.
Participants are responsible for their own food and transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own food costs.
Participants are responsible for their own food, boots, proper clothing and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own food, housing, and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own food, proper clothing and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own food.
Participants are responsible for their own golf balls.
Participants are responsible for their own green fees upon arrival at course.
Participants are responsible for their own health, dental and vision insurance needs.
Participants are responsible for their own health, travel, luggage, and personal property insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel accommodations and per diem expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel and travel reservations and expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel, travel and per diem costs.
Participants are responsible for their own housing and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own housing and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own housing arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own housing, living and travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own incidental hotel charges.
Participants are responsible for their own insurance coverage.
Participants are responsible for their own insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own living expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own loan repayments.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and food.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and transportation .
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and transportation costs.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging arrangments and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging reservations, roommates and lodging cancellation.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging, meals, and travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own lodgings.
Participants are responsible for their own luggage.
Participants are responsible for their own lunch plans.
Participants are responsible for their own lunch provisions.
Participants are responsible for their own lunch, transportation and parking fees.
Participants are responsible for their own lunch, travel and accommodation costs.
Participants are responsible for their own lunches.
Participants are responsible for their own malpractice, transportation and automobile insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own materials.
Participants are responsible for their own meals and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own meals and accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own meals and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own meals, lodging and transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own meals, transportation and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own meals.
Participants are responsible for their own mileage, transportation, respite care and attendant care.
Participants are responsible for their own on-line charges.
Participants are responsible for their own passport, visa, and inoculation arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own personal caving gear.
Participants are responsible for their own personal expenses including travel and medical insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own personal hiking gear.
Participants are responsible for their own personal insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own physical and mental health.
Participants are responsible for their own property security.
Participants are responsible for their own results.
Participants are responsible for their own room and board, and travel.
Participants are responsible for their own room and board.
Participants are responsible for their own room reservations, transportation and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own room reservations.
Participants are responsible for their own safety.
Participants are responsible for their own ski and snow shoe equipment.
Participants are responsible for their own spending money.
Participants are responsible for their own transatlantic flights.
Participants are responsible for their own transatlantic transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own transfers to and from the airport or train station.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation and accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation and parking.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation and weekend meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation between the hotels and restaurants.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation from their hotel to the meeting site.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from all competition venues.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from camp.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the city.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the event.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the fair.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the field site.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the first meeting site.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the workcamp.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from Toronto.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from Wright State.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to meeting sites.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, accommodations, and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, food, and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, food, equipment, and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, hotel, and other related expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, hotels and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, housing and meal expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, housing and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, lodging and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, lodging, and food.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, lodging, breakfast, and dinner.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, meals and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, meals, and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own trash.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and accommodation expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and hotel expense.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and hotel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and housing costs.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and housing.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and lodging arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and lodging costs as well as a registration fee.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and lunch expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel arrangements and costs.
Participants are responsible for their own travel arrangements, costs, and insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own travel costs and arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own travel costs to and from Cambridge.
Participants are responsible for their own travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel to and from Fort Worth.
Participants are responsible for their own travel to Baton Rouge and per diem.
Participants are responsible for their own travel to the training center.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, accommodation and additional meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, accommodation and evening meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, accommodations, and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, additional meals, and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, food, and lodging costs.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and additional meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and food expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and incidental meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging, and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, meals, accommodation, proper boots and clothing.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, meals, and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, room, and board expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel.
Participants are responsible for their own uniforms.
Participants are responsible for their personal gear as well as transportation to and from the site.
Participants are responsible for their program fees, travel and living costs.
Participants are responsible for their shopping expenditures, entertainment, and meals.
Participants are responsible for their transportation and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from France.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from Ireland.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from London.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from Paris.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from Santiago.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from the theater.
Participants are responsible for their transportation, housing and meals.
Participants are responsible for their transportation.
Participants are responsible for their travel and living costs.
Participants are responsible for their travel and lodging costs, and for making travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their travel and lodging costs.
Participants are responsible for their travel costs, living expenses, meals, and accommodation .
Participants are responsible for their travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their travel to and from Britain.
Participants are responsible for their travel to and from Moscow.
Participants are responsible for their travel to and from the site and for their lodging expenses.
Participants are responsible for their travel, accommodations, and other arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their travel, lodging, meal and all other expenses.
Participants are responsible for their well-being.
Participants are responsible for themselves.
Participants are responsible for there own transportation to and from the workshops.
Participants are responsible for transportation and meals.
Participants are responsible for transportation costs.
Participants are responsible for transportation from their home to and from Reno.
Participants are responsible for transportation of their waste to the drop-off site.
Participants are responsible for transportation to and from Atlanta.
Participants are responsible for transportation to and from the site.
Participants are responsible for transportation to and from the training sites.
Participants are responsible for transportation to, food and accommodation in Whitehorse.
Participants are responsible for transportation within the United States to New York for departure.
Participants are responsible for transportation, meals, and books and materials.
Participants are responsible for transportation.
Participants are responsible for travel and books.
Participants are responsible for travel and living expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel and lodging expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel and lodging.
Participants are responsible for travel arrangements and the cost of travel.
Participants are responsible for travel costs and work as volunteers.
Participants are responsible for travel costs to and from seminars.
Participants are responsible for travel costs.
Participants are responsible for travel expenses to Oakland.
Participants are responsible for travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel to and from Mexico City and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel to and from programs.
Participants are responsible for travel to and from the programs.
Participants are responsible for travel to Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, and costs of room and board.
Participants are responsible for travel to Washington, D.C., visa and required medical exam fees.
Participants are responsible for travel, lodging and meal costs.
Participants are responsible for travel, lodging, and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel, meal and lodging costs.
Participants are responsible for tuition fees, housing and board costs, and other expenses.
Participants are responsible for tuition, fees, and texts.
Participants are responsible for yielding to traffic.
Participants are responsible only for their travel costs to and from Bonn.
Participants are responsible to make sure they are safe while at the retreat.
Participants are responsible to pay for their own travel and lodging.
Participants are responsible to read all materials outlined on the reading list appended below.
Participants are satisfied with our services and consistently rate our program as very good.
Participants are scheduled on a first come, first serve basis.
Participants are self-selected and funded by their agencies.
Participants are senior level HR executives and major contributors to their organization.
Participants are senior-level managers who are responsible for human resource departments.
Participants are silent.
Participants are social actors.
Participants are solely responsible for accomodation expenses.
Participants are solely responsible for the content of the message.
Participants are staff members from tree seed projects.
Participants are stay-at home moms, mortgage brokers, flight attendants and teachers.
Participants are student financial aid applicants selected at random.
Participants are students or professionals, youong or old, representing many countries.
Participants are students, faculty, graduates, and all others involved in the educational process.
Participants are subject to a police records check.
Participants are subject to airline change fees and space availability.
Participants are subject to monitoring through drug tests and weekly court appearances.
Many patients fear stroke due to unilateral paralysis and are rushed to the emergency room.
Many patients fear stroke due to unilateral paralysis and rush to the emergency room.
Many patients fear the dying process and the burden on their families even more than death itself.
Many patients feel a loss of control when a diagnosis of cancer is made.
Many patients feel anxiety and others can get violent.
Many patients feel better when they exercise regularly.
Many patients feel bitter about the trivialization of their suffering.
Many patients feel claustraphobic with it and others find wearing a mask to be offensive.
Many patients feel desperate and out of control of their lives.
Many patients feel fine after the procedure.
Many patients feel groggy, confused, and chilly when they wake up after an operation.
Many patients feel more comfortable with a tracheostomy.
Many patients feel more relaxed and stronger inside after one session.
Many patients feel nothing, but others feel a small pinch.
Many patients feel pins and needles when their wrist is tapped.
Many patients feel psychologically dependent on an antidepressant they've been on for a while.
Many patients feel relieved if there is vomiting.
Many patients feel some fear against upper gastrointestinal endoscopy.
Many patients feel that certain foods are allergenic because of reactive symptoms.
Many patients feel that erectile dysfunction is a normal consequence of aging.
Many patients feel that heat plus humidity is more enervating than heat alone.
Many patients feel they have great pain tolerance.
Many patients finally find relief from back and leg pain after other treatments have failed.
Many patients find aquatic treatment the key to their success.
Many patients find comfort sleeping in a recliner chair.
Many patients find endermologie a pleasant and affordable way to optimize their appearance.
Many patients find eye drops helpful on dry days and it is a good idea to have some on hand.
Many patients find financing laser vision correction very affordable.
Many patients find it devastating to cope and often become desperate and depressed.
Many patients find it helpful to have consultations with more than one plastic surgeon.
Many patients find it helpful to make a list of questions before seeing the doctor.
Many patients find it helpful to take an afternoon nap or get more sleep each night.
Many patients find it helpful to talk to other cancer patients.
Many patients find it helpful to talk with others who are facing similar problems.
Many patients find it helpful to write down questions ahead of time.
Many patients find it too hard to give up food completely.
Many patients find over-familiarity offensive.
Many patients find such a person's opinion very valuable.
Many patients find support groups helpful.
Many patients find sweat suits comfortable and easy to put on and take off.
Many patients find that buying their long-term medications causes a financial hardship.
Many patients find that once they stop taking the medication the pain goes away.
Many patients find that quality of life improves after treatment with radiation therapy.
Many patients find that their blood cholesterol decreases significantly after weight loss surgery.
Many patients find that their hair grows back again after the treatments are finished.
Many patients find that their proper medical care has been sacrificed to the profit of insurers.
Many patients find the combined use of medication and behavior therapy most effective.
Many patients find the experience of waiting for engraftment stressful.
Many patients find the experience relaxing and have quick symptomatic relief.
Many patients find the greasy nature of ointments difficult to tolerate.
Many patients find the prospect of a colostomy or ileostomy unacceptable.
Many patients find the role they play in medical education and training extremely rewarding.
Many patients find the special mode useful for normal pain as well.
Many patients find the treatment very relaxing, which brings on a feeling of well-being.
Many patients find themselves getting very emotional when in pain.
Many patients find they are back to normal routines on the same day or by the next day.
Many patients find they are extremely light sensitive for a while.
Many patients find yoga, swimming and horseback riding to be excellent forms of exercise.
Many patients follow a special diet designed to reduce migraine triggers.
Many patients fund research in their disease or surgical treatment.
Many patients get better for a short duration of time and then require further treatment.
Many patients get sick just pulling into the hospital parking lot.
Many patients get some relief from a variety of medications, rest or the use of a cane for walking.
Many patients get tinea versicolor from tanning beds, especially where cleaning is minimized.
Many patients get upset at the fact that they have to pay for copies of their medical records.
Many patients give a history of a recent diagnosis and treatment for pneumonia.
Many patients give a history of eating shrimp and then the eyes swell.
Many patients go back to work the next day, while others wait a few days.
Many patients go for years thinking their symptoms are due to stress.
Many patients go into denial when they realize what is happening.
Many patients go out to eat the evening of surgery.
Many patients gradually improve over a few weeks.
Many patients hang their tubing over the shower rod to faciliate drying and drainage.
Many patients have a cold hand or foot tendency.
Many patients have a combination of facet and discogenic pain, and require separate treatments.
Many patients have a deeply ingrained belief that their neurosis was caused by their parents.
Many patients have a hard time grasping the idea of health enhancement.
Many patients have a level of sensitivity, although for some patients, it is very low.
Many patients have a lipoma associated with the filum terminale.
Many patients have a preconceived fear.
Many patients have accessory sectors.
Many patients have an excess of soft tissue in the oro-pharyngeal region that obstructs the airway.
Many patients have an innate or intuitive sense of why something is happening in their life.
Many patients have another anxiety disorder , such as generalized anxiety .
Many patients have bloody diarrhea.
Many patients have both conditions.
Many patients have clinical evidence of extensive extrauterine disease at initial presentation.
Many patients have complex medical and psychosocial problems.
Many patients have complex problems which require an entire day of evaluation.
Many patients have concomitant constitutional symptoms.
Many patients have deviation of the septum causing breathing difficulties.
Many patients have diarrhea after surgery.
Many patients have difficulty in socialising even with their family and friends.
Many patients have difficulty making the transition from pediatric patient to adult patient.
Many patients have early or frequent awakening from sleep - a sign of underlying depression.
Many patients have evidence for obstructive airway disease.
Many patients have eye complications without symptoms.
Many patients have eye examinations to check for the presence of cataracts on a regular basis.
Many patients have far-advanced vision loss at the time of diagnosis.
Many patients have fever, headache, muscle aches, and occasionally white spots on the tonsils.
Many patients have financial difficulties at one time or another.
Many patients have fractures, and some cases of paraplegia have been reported.
Many patients have lymphangiograms .
Many patients have metastases already at diagnosis.
Many patients have mild anemia.
Many patients have mild episodes of illness after long periods of feeling well.
Many patients have mildly to moderately abnormal scans.
Many patients have minimal signs or symptoms of systemic disease.
Many patients have more than one physician and patients change physicians on average once per year.
Many patients have multiple risk factors.
Many patients have no friends.
Many patients have no place to grow pot.
Many patients have no recall of their time in intensive care.
Many patients have no relatives and no visitors.
Many patients have no side effects at all, but some patients do.
Many patients have no side effects at all.
Many patients have no side effects whatsoever.
Many patients have no symptoms at all.
Many patients have NO symptoms at all.
Many patients have no symptoms of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Many patients have no symptoms other than a soft tumor mass.
Many patients have none of the above predisposing conditions listed above.
Many patients have nystagmus and photophobia.
Many patients have oligospermia or sperm abnormalities prior to therapy.
Many patients have other atopic diseases such as eczema and asthma.
Many patients have other functional bowel symptoms.
Many patients have periods of remission.
Many patients have problems with color discrimination.
Many patients have problems with health literacy.
Many patients have severe mental disabilities, ranging from profound retardation to schizophrenia.
Many patients have simultaneous symptoms of mitral stenosis.
Many patients have slow-moving or weak mechanisms.
Many patients have some degree of mediastinal involvement at presentation.
Many patients have some diminished sensation in the elevated skin flaps near the ears.
Many patients have some permanent partial loss of kidney function after they have recovered.
Many patients have specific questions about insulin use.
Many patients have spiritual needs, especially the chronically ill.
Many patients have surgery for atypical belly pains and have persistent pain after the operation.
Many patients have symptoms throughout the entire year.
Many patients have symptoms with dairy products and other gas producing foods.
Many patients have the disease, recover within two or three years, and then relapse years later.
Many patients have the same pediatrician for their entire childhood and adolescent period.
Many patients have their cancer diagnosed as part of the workup of their weakness.
Many patients have their own, unproven theories about what works.
Many patients have to sleep on the floor.
Many patients have to take diuretics long-term after the operation.
Many patients have trouble breathing and are in poor health.
Many patients have trouble self-injecting and require help from a relative, friend or clinic nurse.
Many patients have undifferentiated problems.
Many patients ignore temporary minimal shoulder symptoms with few bad effects.
Many patients ignore the symptoms of a heart attack.
Many patients improve significantly from depression when they receive proper treatment.
Many patients initially balk at the idea of having to rely on pills to improve mood.
Many patients keep a treatment log in which they note details of treatment and their effects.
Many patients know what they're allergic to.
Many patients lead active and productive lives for ten to fifteen years after diagnosis.
Many patients learn they have diabetes only after complications arise.
Many patients learn to care for their catheter while in the hospital.
Many patients leave their unsightly goiters for years.
Many patients leave treatment prematurely and suffer serious relapses.
Many patients like to start recovery at home.
Many patients like to think of their favorite foods in order to stimulate their appetite.
Many patients like to wear their hair up or in the case of men, wear it short.
Many patients live for years with chronic leukemia, often with little or no discomfort.
Many patients live into adulthood.
Many patients live more than a day s journey from expert help and are often too weak to travel.
Many patients live normal lives except for the time needed for treatments.
Many patients live with daily heartburn without being aware of the potential danger.
Many patients look forward to hemodialysis once their bodies adjust to it.
Many patients lose calories and nutrients due to chronic diarrhea.
Many patients lose their desire to eat and experience nausea and vomiting.
Many patients lose time from work, and some are unemployed, requiring government assistance.
Many patients lose weight while hospitalized.
Many patients manage well without therapy for several years.
Many patients manifest atypical chest pain, which complicates the differential diagnosis.
Many patients miss anywhere from an occasional dose to most of the prescribed regimen.
Many patients naturally feel anxious about their course of recovery.
Many patients neglect their oral health because of their fears of receiving dental care.
Many patients note flare-ups of the disease during physical and emotional stress.
Many patients notice an immediate improvement after the laser treatment throughout that day.
Many patients notice an immediate improvement after the laser treatment.
Many patients notice an improvement immediately after the laser treatment.
Many patients notice difficulty breathing, particularly when lying down at night.
Many patients notice improved vision immediately after the procedure.
Many patients notice some blood in their urine or stool for a day or two after the biopsy.
Many patients notice that symptoms are bad for a few days, then seem less severe, then return.
Many patients notice that their sense of taste is diminished or almost absent.
Many patients now come with psychological problems or depression.
Many patients now prefer private medical institutions because they are more welcoming.
Many patients object to having any metal placed in their mouth.
Many patients obtain greatest relief with a combination of benztropine and other drugs.
Many patients obtain greatest relief with combination therapy.
Many patients offer an abbreviated description of their problem.
Many patients participate in therapeutic drug trials for dementia and other behavioral disorders.
Many patients pay for services on a sliding scale fee.
Many patients pose difficult therapeutic priorities.
Many patients prefer allergy shots over drugs because of the side effects of the drugs.
Many patients prefer an early diagnosis so that they can make decisions while they are still able.
Many patients prefer assisted death to show their departure is their own ultimate wish.
Many patients prefer cold compresses during a headache.
Many patients prefer cool drinks to tea and coffee.
Many patients prefer no treatment, or medical treatment before surgery.
Many patients prefer tablets over using an inhaler.
Many patients prefer the convenience of dialysis at home.
Many patients prefer to be completely asleep.
Many patients prefer to control the amount of pain medicine they receive.
Many patients prefer to smoke marijuana.
Many patients prefer to spend their final days in a hospice.
Many patients prefer to turn off the pulse generator at night to conserve energy.
Many patients prefer trying adjustments before resorting to drugs or surgery.
Many patients present after decades of symptoms.
Many patients present in pain and find the endodontic treatments bring great relief.
Many patients present late in the course of disease with nonspecific signs and symptoms.
Many patients present symptoms for which no physical basis can be found.
Many patients presenting for thoracic and vascular surgery have concomitant cardiac disease.
Many patients pursue second and third opinions before pursuing major treatments.
Many patients rapidly improve and others take more patience.
Many patients rave about the doctor.
Many patients recall an extended period of emotional stress prior to diagnosis.
Many patients recall hearing a loud pop when the ligament tears, and feel the knee give away.
Many patients receive a total of six to twelve treatments per episode of care.
Many patients receive an epidural for use during the case or afterwards for pain relief.
Many patients receive antibiotics to prevent infection.
Many patients receive combination therapy, such as radiation and surgery.
Many patients receive combinations of medical products which can sometimes give rise to problems.
Many patients receive EKGs prior to having surgery to make sure the heart is functioning normally.
Many patients receive home care as an alternative to hospitalization.
Many patients receive multiple procedures during their stay or have multiple diagnoses.
Many patients receive ongoing heparin therapy to maintain an anticoagulated state.
Many patients receive the benefit of regional anesthesia and nerve blocks.
Many patients receive their glasses the next day.
Many patients receive two or more drugs.
Many patients recover completely without treatment.
Many patients recover if slow rewarming is achieved.
Many patients recover quickly and are hospitalized less than one day.
Many patients refuse to go to see a physician.
Many patients rely on someone else to instill their drops.
Many patients remain alert and mentally active, even if physical activity is limited.
Many patients remain asymptomatic until decompensation occurs.
Many patients remain chronically infected.
Many patients remain clear of their psoriasis for a year.
Many patients remain fearful or unmotivated.
Many patients remain well and out of mental hospitals for years on nutrient therapy.
Many patients report a hypersensitivity to noise.
Many patients report a lifting of their mood one week after treatment is started.
Many patients report a perceived shrinkage of the breasts at a year following operation.
Many patients report a sense of tightness or numbness in their face and neck following the surgery.
Many patients report a total loss of energy, loss of concentration, and insomnia.
Many patients report actually being free of the disease for up to many years.
Many patients report acupuncture relieves their pain for hours, even days.
Many patients report alternating constipation and diarrhea.
Many patients report an emotional release, an increase in energy level, and a sense of well being.
Many patients report an immediate improvement within the first day.
Many patients report an improvement in mood and other aspects of psychosocial functioning.
Many patients report avoiding new relationships for fear of transmitting the disease.
Many patients report deeper sleep, less tossing and turning and diminished pain.
Many patients report feeling better after undertaking a moderate exercise plan.
Many patients report feeling edgy and irritable one minute, and normal the next.
Many patients report fewer and less severe headaches.
Many patients report immediate improvements in their vision following treatment.
Many patients report immediate visual improvement with minimal recovery time.
Many patients report implant surgery less troublesome than having teeth removed.
Many patients report improved performance and fitness, and feel better and more relaxed.
Many patients report improved vision within the first few hours after surgery.
Many patients report long-term deterioration after repeated or prolonged antibiotic use.
Many patients report more severe allergic symptoms when exposed to certain cats.
Many patients report relief from tinnitus while wearing hearing aids.
Many patients report relief of their symptoms as the fibroids diminish in size.
Many patients report seeing clearly even as they leave the operating room.
Many patients report seeing other civilians, some seriously wounded, fleeing into the bush.
Many patients report serious side effects.
Many patients report that compensatory sweating decreases over time.
Many patients report that headache is triggered by coughing or straining.
Many patients report that their chronic prostatitis problems began after they had a vasectomy.
Many patients report that their skin seems softer, smoother and younger-looking.
Many patients report that they feel more relaxed and less stressed after receiving a massage.
Many patients report that they have reduced heart palpitations during stress.
Many patients report that they sleep much better during the treatment.
Many patients report the worst headache of their lives.
Many patients report transient, flu-like symptoms following drug administration.
Many patients request standing in PT as the first activity in a session.
Many patients require a combination of therapies.
Many patients require a multi-disciplinary approach.
Many patients require an additional insulin injection at bedtime.
Many patients require lifelong medical therapy for symptom control.
Many patients require lifelong therapy.
Many patients require little or no pain medication after arthroscopy.
Many patients require long term management with physiotherapy and sometimes surgery.
Many patients require long-term oxygen therapy.
Many patients require more than one medication, with dose adjustments over time.
Many patients require multiple-drug therapy to control their hypertension.
Many patients require no initial therapy.
Many patients require postoperative intubation and mechanical ventilation until fully awake.
Many patients require probiotics.
Many patients require several attempts before quitting successfully.
Many patients require some narcotic pain medication for several days postoperatively.
Many patients require supplemental Ca and vitamins.
Many patients require surgery at some time or other.
Many patients require surgical correction of contractures.
Many patients require surgical treatment.
Many patients require tube feeding at night to prevent low blood sugars during sleep.
Many patients require ventilatory support because of respiratory failure.
Many patients require ventilatory support for respiratory failure.
Many patients resist accessing hospice care because it signals that the end is near.
Many patients respond dramatically to discontinuation of the antibiotic.
Many patients respond quite well to treatment and live long and active lives.
Many patients respond to a group of medications called tricyclic antidepressants at low doses.
Many patients respond well to medical management, including diuretics and salt restriction.
Many patients resume normal activities such as lifting even sooner.
Many patients return shortly after being discharged.
Many patients return to functioning well despite a permanent disability.
Many patients return to normal activities soon after leaving the hospital.
Many patients return to work or normal activities the same day.
Many patients return to work that day.
Many patients run out of their measly prescription allowance within months.
Many patients sabotage their treatments by failing to follow the doctor's instructions.
Many patients say it happens overnight.
Many patients say it helps with other problems, such as migraines and menstrual pain.
Many patients say no.
Many patients say pot eases the nausea of chemotherapy.
Many patients say sucking on ice chips during the chemo administration reduces mouth sores.
Many patients say that laser treatment seems faster because of the greater comfort they experience.
Many patients say that nausea is far more unpleasant than vomiting.
Many patients say that they feel more pain when a storm front comes through.
Many patients say the waiting is the hardest part of transplantation.
Many patients say they feel better about themselves after receiving successful treatment for acne.
Many patients say they're waiting for the doctor to open the subject.
Many patients see a change sooner, sometimes a big change.
Many patients see better within a few days.
Many patients see results within a week.
Many patients see their care as, in effect, an insurance blank check .
Many patients see well after the operation without glasses.
Many patients seek help for many years until they receive a correct diagnosis and proper treatment.
Many patients seek quality dental care to improve their estheitc appearance.
Many patients seek removal of nevi for cosmetic reasons as well.
Many patients seek surgery because of continued pain, deformity and activity limitations.
Many patients seem to get better just from being in an operating room.
Many patients seem to transform a lot during the treatment.
Many patients send pictures or letters thanking the clinic - even if they never get pregnant.
Many patients sense progress within a week or two of frequent visits.
Many patients show aggressiveness and self-injurious behaviours, and sleep disturbances are common.
Many patients show high antibody levels to any virus measured.
Many patients show psychotic behavior.
Many patients show signs of improvement before the medication they are on actually kicks in.
Many patients show spontaneous improvement with age.
Many patients simply go to the hospital's emergency room.
Many patients simply live with their bunions, taking care to wear orthotics and proper shoes.
Many patients sit alone.
Many patients sleep for a long time during the day and have trouble sleeping at night.
Many patients spend a lot of time waiting to be seen for a very brief appointment.
Many patients spend a month in the hospital over the course of a year.
Many patients start treatment and education while still in the hospital.
Many patients still feel intimidated by doctors.
Many patients still rely on pain medication administered at set times or as needed by nurses.
Many patients stop taking their medication as soon as they feel better.
Many patients stop taking their medications within the first month of treatment.
Many patients stop taking tricyclics due to adverse effects.
Many patients stop their medicine without telling anyone because of side effects.
Many patients stop wearing the device, however, because it's uncomfortable, inconvenient and noisy.
Many patients succumb within a year of diagnosis.
Many patients suffer because they have no idea what tinnitus is.
Many patients suffer from both floaters and light flashes.
Many patients suffer from chronic pain and fatigue .
Many patients suffer from chronic pelvic pain.
Many patients suffer from constipation.
Many patients suffer from failure to thrive and from recurrent respiratory infections.
Many patients suffer from pain and dysfunction of the joints of the jaws.
Many patients suffer from paralysis, inability to speak, incontinence, constipation, and depression.
Many patients suffer long-term affects of iron overload, including potentially fatal organ damage.
Many patients suffer nausea, vomiting, and stomach discomfort.
Many patients suffer numbness or the opposite, extreme pain.
Many patients suffer with chronic back and leg pain.
Many patients swear by acupuncture and acupressure as other alternative treatments.
Many patients sweat so profusely that the sweat actually drips onto the floor.
Many patients swim frequently for exercise.
Many patients take as long as a few months to look at their options.
Many patients take it on their own because it is sold over the counter.
Many patients take one day off after the laparoscopy procedure before returning to work.
Many patients take opioids for years to control pain.
Many patients take the immune-suppressing drugs for years.
Many patients take the law into their own hands and use marijuana for therapy.
Many patients take the powerful drug warfarin as a preventive.
Many patients take two-years or longer to level out.
Many patients taking methotrexate, however, tend to relapse when treatment is stopped.
Many patients taking thyroid hormone are concerned about the possibility of Osteoporosis .
Many patients think a pediatric dentist is only for children with problems.
Many patients think it is malaria whenever they get fever.
Many patients think of physicians as paternalistic authority figures.
Many patients think their physicians are cold and uncaring.
Many patients think they have to suffer from migraines and often can be cured with treatment.
Many patients travel to find the best infertility care at leading national centers.
Many patients try to keep life as normal as possible, and in the process, they overdo it.
Many patients turn to family members, friends, or caregivers for advice.
Many patients ultimately develop disability due to difficulty with balance and cognition.
Many patients undergo multiple cycles using their cryopreserved embryos at greatly reduced cost.
Many patients undergo surgery to remove cancerous tumors that have the potential to spread.
Many patients undergoing interferon or interleukin therapy also experience fatigue.
Many patients undergoing major vascular surgery suffer from a variety of concomitant diseases.
Many patients understandably become depressed.
Many patients unfortunately fail to regularly participate in breast cancer screening.
People ask questions on every art topic imaginable.
People ask questions so quickly it's hard to keep up.
People ask questions.
People ask real questions and seem to get lively answers most of the time.
People ask similar questions about pegs and holes all the time.
People ask stupid questions for a reason.
People ask that a lot.
People ask that all the time, about sleep.
People ask the awfulest, rudest things.
People ask the dumbest things.
People ask the same questions because they're interested in the same things.
People ask the things they are too embarrassed to ask of a fellow cube-dweller.
People ask their animals questions and allow a pause.
People ask their friends where they got that unusual e-mail address.
People ask to be taken off the list for a variety of reasons.
People ask to borrow things like toothpaste.
People ask to get onto the waiting list so they can move in when a place opens up.
People ask too much.
People ask what happened to values.
People ask what is our biggest win.
People ask what it is, and become interested.
People ask what it is.
People ask what it means.
People ask what it's like to come back.
People ask what it's there for.
People ask what the age range of our members is.
People ask what the purpose is of blockading.
People ask what water is.
People ask what's foreign policy about.
People ask where all of our black teachers are.
People ask where all the contemporary female vocalists have gone.
People ask where the urban-rural conflict comes from.
People ask where they can find software to do a specific job.
People ask who's the toughest player in the league.
People ask why conversion often waits until one is in dire straits.
People ask why horses appeal to girls.
People ask why our economic relations with Ukraine are so weak.
People ask why pattern prudence is no important.
People ask why the city spends money in a certain way.
People ask why there's never been an industrial park here.
People ask why they have to configure time zones with an offset from UTC that seems backwards.
People ask why.
People ask with each purchase if it is the best use of the world's resources.
People ask, where's the bricks and mortar.
People asking agents about such things tend to be very boolean in their appraisals.
People asking for hand-outs are very persistent and at times unpleasant.
People asking questions receive private e-mail responses.
People aspire for the study to be various things.
People aspire to believe that they are individuals.
People aspire to excel, love to learn, are intrinsically motivated, and respond to challenge.
People aspire to more, they want to be treated better.
People aspire to social and environmental harmony in their quest for inner peace.
People aspire to their level of hope.
People assemble at appointed times, and they offer prayers.
People assemble parts of a silvermine using radio buttons in a HTML form.
People assemble together freely because they have common interests.
People assemble, go to where the cherry tree blossoms are and have a party under the trees .
People assess risks - including that of other people, and a violent person is a risky person.
People assess their chances.
People assets things on different scales.
People assign attributes to technology that are unwarranted.
People assign low grades to the nation's schools.
People assign revenge to animals when they re frustrated.
People assign themselves to a subpopulation through self-reporting.
People associate brands with trust.
People associate certain colors with certain flavors .
People associate certain colors with certain flavors.
People associate chiropractors with auto accidents and whiplash.
People associate colors easily with ideas which makes it an effective design tool.
People associate colors with particular moods and emotions.
People associate exercise with harsh workouts, pain and suffering.
People associate fixed income funds with no risk.
People associate guns with kids shooting up schools and that is a tragedy.
People associate interstates with better roads, no traffic lights and no delays.
People associate issues with personalities.
People associate it with Oregon.
People associate it with peace of mind rather than a product.
People associate marijuana with hippies, rap artists, skaters and other undesirable people.
People associate marketing with tactics partly because they're fun.
People associate nuclear power with the weapons of mass destruction that bear the same name.
People associate rugby with drinking and little interest in the athletic side of the event.
People associate specific colors with certain feelings, Red with fire.
People associate that with psychedelic music, but that's just a coincidence.
People associate that with the event.
People associate the army with war.
People associate the extra weight with prosperity, fertility, success and economic security.
People associate their German ancestry with a language group, rather than a country of origin.
People associate themselves with desirable things through behaviors or statements known as claims.
People associate thin with beautiful.
People associated with past happenings who achieve some notability are historical figures.
People associated with the crash and the project start dying, and the base is sealed up.
People assume anything underlined is a link.
People assume automatically that paper is made from wood, that paper and wood are synonymous.
People assume computers have some kind of veil of mystery, but they are wrong.
People assume environmental law is based on protecting public health.
People assume everything is fine.
People assume false identities as they lurk in chat rooms.
People assume graffiti writers are thugs.
People assume if bad things are happening in the athletic department, they're happening elsewhere.
People assume it is leading the canoe.
People assume risk by building on a beachfront.
People assume slow metabolisers are cursed and fast metabolisers are lucky.
People assume that a sign means the same everywhere.
People assume that a thin child is weak, sickly and unhealthy.
People assume that all pharmacies charge the same price for prescription medications.
People assume that anyone believing in the Hereafter is doing so on the basis of blind belief.
People assume that anything in a capsule or pill gets absorbed into the body.
People assume that art just sits there and nothing needs to be done.
People assume that disability is a catastrophe, and so they fear it.
People assume that good pictures are the result of expensive equipment.
People assume that health care costs are driven up by inefficiency, ineptitude, and greed.
People assume that if the web design is unprofessional, the product is inferior.
People assume that running down steep slopes is easier than running up, but it is equally difficult.
People assume that such investments are sound, but that's far from the case.
People assume that the information highway is a wonderful thing to be riding down.
People assume that the misleading information is true.
People assume that the plant is going to be put in the town of New Haven.
People assume that their home pages disappear once they pull the plug.
People assume that there is just one kind of sports going on, and that's men's sports.
People assume that there's tons of stuff lying around.
People assume that they are the only people with a crazy idea in their heads.
People assume that urban comforts and certainties can be applied to the wilds.
People assume the intensity and the time spent on the computer by children constitute addiction.
People assume the job is glamorous.
People assume the TV tuner is just for watching broadcasts.
People assume the waste inside a landfill biodegrades.
People assume they dont have emotions, they do.
People assume they know what the subject is.
People assume volume is value.
People assume writing a hymn is easy, but very few people can do it.
People attach a range of different values to wild animals.
People attach almost reverential importance and hype to the word.
People attach different devices to the rotating shaft to do work.
People attach feelings to the places where they live and visit.
People attach quality to known brand names.
People attack problems in all sorts of ways.
People attack with slander and rumors.
People attain a happy state through sila.
People attain peace through sila.
People attempt to find a balance between biological imperative and social necessity.
People attempt to pass the blame for their wrongdoing and moral failures to others.
People attempt to protect themselves against their most threatening emotions, feelings and thoughts.
People attempt to recreate the entire test from memory immediately after taking it.
People attempting to rescue dogs can fall through too.
People attend and are pleasantly surprised.
People attend and leave parties at all hours of the afternoon and night.
People attend because they are interested.
People attend church where they feel comfortable.
People attend discos, community centers, and clubs.
People attend from beginning to end or go for just a specific workshop.
People attend humanities programs in large numbers.
People attend meetings to be heard and have their thoughts represented in the plan.
People attend memorials, pay tribute to the war heroes.
People attend the hospital simply because the quality of the care is so good.
People attend the show from all over the world.
People attend, remember, and are transformed by stories.
People attending already have an interest, they also have the opportunity to take the tutorials.
People attending can buy, trade, sell or just look at all the toys and collectibles.
People attending can either work on site or within the park area.
People attending college tend to be more motivated and talented.
People attending such events spend money.
People attending the air show can get a peek at the on-going restoration work.
People attending the festival wear their Czech costumes.
People attending the village get discount tickets for the fair and vice-versa.
People attending worship receive a copy and extra copies are always available in the foyer.
People attract mosquitoes.
People attract to themselves situations and things that mirror their personal energy.
People attribute bad outcomes to others while claiming credit for positive outcomes.
People attribute gender to their bikes, cars, software agents, and just about anything.
People automatically assume that a homeless person has to have a drug and alcohol problem.
People automatically assume that it is covered.
People automatically distrust newspapers.
People automatically drop their voices at every period.
People automatically equate genetics with genius.
People automatically go to other channels.
People automatically prefer the thin ones.
People automatically think of 'rabbit food' on a plate.
People automatically treat low emotional status as a basic adaptive threat.
People avidly munch on samples of the different varieties.
People avoid buying books because of a lack of time.
People avoid change until the pain of remaining the same is greater than the pain of changing.
People avoid conflict because it is painful.
People avoid conflict to prevent it's escalation to violence that can be deadly.
People avoid doing outdoor activities during sunny days.
People avoid getting a laptop because of the time investment needed.
People avoid grievers because they are mis-informed and afraid.
People avoid it like the plague.
People avoid lifeless congregations oriented to the past.
People avoid looking into each others eyes.
People Avoid overcapitalization of titles.
People avoid pain and difficulty.
People avoid pain.
People avoid registering mortgages, liens, etc., because duties and changes are high.
People avoid remembering their trauma.
People avoid sharks.
People avoid snakes.
People avoid social situations.
People avoid solving problems because they are painful.
People avoid taking personal responsibility for their actions.
People avoid taxes.
People avoid that lane like the plague.
People avoid the truth to give themselves something to do.
People avoid thinking about retirement for a host of reasons.
People avoid traffic snarls by getting to work early.
People awaken more quickly from surgery, and are able to go home sooner.
People babble babble on, but listening is rare.
People back up their computers.
People backslide into sin again and again, returning to the ways that harm themselves and others.
People bag their clippings because they believe grass clippings cause thatch.
People bake bread.
People bake for it, and bring garden produce, surplus clothing, unwanted books and suchlike.
People balk if they have to learn a different way of doing something.
People ball up in cold weather for a reason.
People ban together to influence some entity, usually the government.
People band together and help each other out of the crisis situation.
People bare their teeth.
People barely escape when a building's walls cave in and a man is nearly crushed by a stone tablet.
People barely get jail time for killing the kid after it comes out of the womb.
People barely get upset enough to write a letter to the editor about the university.
People barely notice it.
People barely outnumber elk.
People barely pay attention anymore to their TV between breaks in programming.
People barely turnout for a major election, let alone a runoff.
People barter for different reasons - to avoid taxes, obtain a better lifestyle, or just for fun.
People base moral decisions on moral standards, that is, on what they judge to be right and wrong.
People base their answers on heuristics, rules of thumb.
People base their decisions on emotion and how well they like a person.
People base their opinions on perceptions.
People basically can t help athletics at their favorite school in any way other than financially.
People basically form perceptions of themselves through belief, observation, and analysis.
People basically get what they deserve as a result of their own actions.
People basically have migrated tocompounds where there is some degree of safety.
People basically have the same sequence.
People basically have two ways of dealing with such emergencies.
People basically view the internet as a dumping ground for content.
People basically view the Internet as a dumping ground for content.
People bathe in it before entering the temple.
People bathe in the lakes and splash water over onlookers.
People bathe in the river.
People battle alcohol and depression and lose.
People battling with leprosy and some other serious illness have to spit often.
People be on some bullshit, racism-type structure.
People Be Successful.
People be weird.
People bear the daily unpleasantness with stoicism, even humor.
People beat drums and danced.
People become addicted to it.
People become addicted to pornography like they become addicted to anything else.
People become addicted to soap operas and royal soap operas sell a lot of newspapers.
People become addicted to the external.
People become addicted to their thoughts.
People become addicts because they are trying to feel good.
People become afraid to change.
People become afraid to volunteer for church and other community groups.
People become agents rather than subjects.
People become annoyed when they are mislead.
People become anxious, when something unexpected happens.
People become attached to their ignorance, and have difficulty accepting new ideas.
People become aware of anthracnose on ash when infected leaves begin to fall in the spring.
People become aware of difference in non-verbal behavior as well as differences in verbal behavior.
People become aware of how fragile they are.
People become aware of lost family members or their lack of family relationships.
People become aware of their bodies.
People become aware or conscientized and enter a transfer state known as praxis.
People become better people and more of the better people survive.
People become big' leaders, rather than humble servants.
People become blobs of mismatched fuzzy wool.
People become bolder, they open up to having friends, or they feel empowered to perform a task.
People become bored sitting in the same place all day.
People become capable of desperate and sometimes monstrous acts.
People become career counselors, career therapists, career search specialists.
People become chronic worriers.
People become chronically ill, particularly the youngest generation, even in their childhood.
People become closer together and are exposed to different cultural concepts.
People become comfortable doing the same things the same way, copying everyone else.
People become comfortable revealing extremely intimate information.
People become committed to things in which they invest.
People become complacent, however, and that is when the accidents occur.
People become completely disposable tools for making money.
People become conscious as they are taught by the social environment to label their private stimuli.
People become conscious of how their relationships have shaped their lives.
People become conscious of how their significant relationships have shaped their lives.
People become convicted and changed.
People become cosmic accidents, freaks of chance.
People become cranky as they age.
People become crime victims as a result of actions by others and are usually isolated.
People become deeply depressed.
People become defensive.
People become dependent on the state.
People become devious.
People become diabetic when their pancreas stops working properly.
People become disconnected and anonymous to each other.
People become discouraged about checking their mailboxes if they are always cluttered with spam.
People become discouraged and leave.
People become discouraged and suspicious.
People become disgruntled, so they seek public office.
People become disgusted and hopeless.
People become disoriented and lose the ability to salivate.
People become distrustful of each other as well as of the police.
People become economically poorer, their land and nearby forest become degraded.
People become editors by applying to look after a category of links.
People become emboldened to commit sin openly when they have lost the sensitivity to sin.
People become enraged.
People become excited and are misled and are unable to judge of results.
People become exhausted from dealing with their pain.
People become exhausted, frustrated, and disenchanted.
People become fearful to trust again the leadership of another pastor.
People become fixated on the tangibles and forget to look at the bigger picture.
People become foster parents for the wrong reasons.
People become fraudsters when motive coincides with opportunity.
People become frightened.
People become full time craftsmen and experts in different fields.
People become furries for a wide range of reasons.
People become generally ill-tempered.
People become good friends and great neighbors in our community.
People become good programmers by reading and writing programs.
People become grounded in their position in society and adopt complacent attitudes.
People become healthier, more relaxed, and stronger when they do yoga even twice a week.
People become hero's in their own lunch hour in the world of cyber.
People become homeless for many reasons.
People become homeless.
People become homosexuals because of their environments.
People become hosts for mind-altering strings of symbols.
People become house-builders through building houses, harp players through playing the harp.
People become hyper-vigilant and tense.
People become ill, incapable or simply too old to be bothered.
People become immersed in virtual communities and ignore their real communities.
People become immune after being vaccinated or after natural infection.
People become impatient of diversity and differences.
People become incapacitated due to disease, injury, or developmental disability.
People become increasingly frustrated with the techniques of modern medicine.
People become infected after accidentally swallowing the parasite.
People become infected with rabies if they are bitten or scratched by a rabid animal.
People become infected with West Nile virus from the bite of an infected mosquito.
People become inhibited, hostile, defensive, guilty, ineffective, inert, afraid and unhappy.
People become initiates for a wide variety of reasons.
People become interested and disinterested in things all the time.
People become interested in exotic pets for a variety of reasons.
People become interns under current leaders and then start new groups on their own.
People become introspective.
People become inventive.
People become involved and share valued information and self-help procedures.
People become involved for a variety of reasons.
People become involved in a story the minute they try to interpret what's happening.
People become involved in community service for a variety of reasons.
People become involved in community service many reasons.
People become involved in design at many different technical and political levels.
People become involved in the community for a variety of reasons.
People become inwardly bent and outwardly lame.
People become irrational over their knowledge and control over markets.
People become isolated and lack contact with life to the point where life becomes the distraction.
People become isolated from one another, and their ability to share ideas and problems is lost.
People become leaders through their ability to communicate.
People become less active as they become busier.
People become less sensitive to bitter foods as they age.
People become lethargic.
People become librarians because they know too much.
People become like the people they're around.
People become machines which are then used for purposes which can only be described as barbaric.
People become machines.
People become managers of stress and proactive in life challenges.
People become members of their society through socialization.
People become mentors to pass down information to the next generation.
People become mere objects in a field of objects to be manipulated for private advantage.
People become mere objects, in a field of objects, to be manipulated for private advantage.
People become mere objects, useful or disposable.
People become mindful about wasting time and using time wisely.
People become ministers because they want to know secrets.
People become moody to manipulate people and gain control.
People become more active and responsive both during and after visiting with animals.
People become more afraid of each other.
People become more and more disable and eventually they die.
People become more and more hurt.
People become more and more mobile, travelling the world or just moving about in the office.
People become more attached to groups, projects, and places they feel they own.
People become more aware of wild places on earth because they have exotic-type birds in their homes.
People become more expressive, energetic, frank, impulsive, and spontaneous.
People become more impatient on the telephone than when responding to a printed survey.
People become more important than power.
People become more important.
People become more likable by demonstrating appreciation and gratitude.
People become more loyal and faithful when they are asked to give and serve.
People become more neighborly and communal with one another.
People become more proactive instead of reactive.
People become more productive when they have small, measurable steps that lead to achievement.
People become more responsible for their lives and less dependent on subsidized programs.
People become more sensitive to latex from repeated contact.
People become more successful with support and help.
People become more willing to explore alternatives after expressing their feelings.
People become most vulnerable in such a climate of uncertainty and threats.
People become motivated, active participants in their learning.
People become motorcyclists for many reasons.
People become much more pragmatic.
People become much too busy to listen and take real communication to heart.
People become much too impatient to let the market keep pace with their demands.
People become multiple jobholders for a variety of reasons.
People become nude.
People become obese mainly from eating food that is devitalized.
People become obsessive about cars and it is very difficult for anyone else to understand.
People become old friends.
People seem to like to say evil things about PC Chips boards.
People seem to like to shoot dogs and cats for fun.
People seem to linger longer and the landscape gives people ideas.
People seem to live here occasionally.
People seem to lose all sense of reality about the computer scene.
People seem to lose their ability to think critically when such a gray area is so convenient.
People seem to love a king.
People seem to love being able to make comments.
People seem to love book lists.
People seem to love it like that.
People seem to love it or hate it, a response which even the director confirms.
People seem to love it so far.
People seem to love it.
People seem to love our act and the big flag.
People seem to love our music.
People seem to love the interaction.
People seem to love the museums, animals, and beautiful scenery .
People seem to love the programs regardless of the tremendous price tag.
People seem to love the risk of gambling, even if it's just paper money for tickets.
People seem to love their dogs a lot.
People seem to love to get something extra when they buy a ticket.
People seem to make the same kind of mistakes over and over.
People seem to mumble more than they used to.
People seem to neither work nor take vacations, in ways familiar to the West, anyway.
People seem to obey the speed limit much more than over here.
People seem to offer only so much of themselves.
People seem to panic at the mere mention of colic.
People seem to perceive money as being happiness.
People seem to practice what they preach.
People seem to prefer a legend.
People seem to prefer the newer, bigger picnic facilities on the other side of the access road.
People seem to prefer to be mindlessly entertained than to be challenged.
People seem to prefer to believe in myths than reality.
People seem to prefer to go to a movie more in their neighborhood.
People seem to prefer what is easiest.
People seem to quiet down under a tree.
People seem to react to their chronological age in four stages.
People seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older. . .
People seem to really emotionally respond to predators like wolves, big cats and bears.
People seem to really enjoy blaming computers for everything.
People seem to really enjoy helping to make the program work.
People seem to really enjoy reading what has been contributed so far.
People seem to really enjoy text messaging and emailing their friends and colleagues.
People seem to really get that.
People seem to really like it.
People seem to really like the animations and cartoons.
People seem to really love our product.
People seem to really love the product.
People seem to recognize it more than they initially did.
People seem to relate to that one too.
People seem to rely on outsiders to document their culture.
People seem to remember bloodshed and mayhem rather well.
People seem to respond better when it is sent over email.
People seem to respond to the open-hearted nature of it.
People seem to rock out to an album at their house, then come to a show and just watch.
People seem to run into problems with felines when it comes to the topic of scratching furniture.
People seem to search more carefully.
People seem to search more quickly.
People seem to see that field as offering good value for the money.
People seem to see themselves as separate from the seas.
People seem to see two white objects.
People seem to share the same values here and our neighbors have become friends.
People seem to show up in the evening.
People seem to sit back and let wars get started and have no idea that wars are to smash people.
People seem to sleep better in yurts, and often dream more.
People seem to smile more.
People seem to sneak around the house.
People seem to sometimes have trouble figuring out whether certain activities are unlawful.
People seem to spot it.
People seem to spread out their use.
People seem to stick to the flag line now.
People seem to stop voting.
People seem to struggle with the integrity and verifcation issues about how genuine any web site is.
People seem to take extreme positions with few in the middle.
People seem to take many different opinions on web authoring packages.
People seem to talk about everything else.
People seem to talk less and listen more.
People seem to think all the thoughts they think are their own thoughts.
People seem to think it is an area for discussing the weekends parties.
People seem to think it's cool nowadays to dress all in black and be depressed all the time.
People seem to think it's good idea.
People seem to think it's quite funny.
People seem to think that all other authors prove what they say.
People seem to think that because men dominate scientific fields, their ways are correct.
People seem to think that bigger words make their subject, and themselves, more important.
People seem to think that certain criminals are irredeemable.
People seem to think that honey is healthier than sugar.
People seem to think that life began with the achievement of personal independence.
People seem to think that money grows on trees and that the stock market is a money machine.
People seem to think that our videos take a long time to film.
People seem to think that 'rifle' means 'large- caliber hunting weapons'.
People seem to think that the logo needs work.
People seem to think that there's a lot of money to be made in show business.
People seem to think that they are artificial.
People seem to think that they are right.
People seem to think that whales are always alert and capable of dodging approaching boats.
People seem to tolerate pain better when plants are around.
People seem to trust each other.
People seem to trust journalists.
People seem to understand it better.
People seem to understand the role of the priest or religious in religious formation.
People seem to use it in a way to be indifferent to the poor and homeless.
People seem to value quantity over quality.
People seem to value the expansive feeling of open spaces on the campus.
People seem to walk pretty quietly, talk pretty quietly, and entertain pretty quietly.
People seem to walk slightly bent over, their eyes always averting a stranger.
People seem to want a playground.
People seem to want a private area away from the rest of the house for lounging and relaxation.
People seem to want an in-town home, but they just can t afford it.
People seem to want and appreciate the service.
People seem to want it that way.
People seem to want more and more rules and security.
People seem to want more electric lights, better ventilation and sitting space.
People seem to want more interaction and less lecturing sessions.
People seem to want to be frightened by the ugly and repulsive.
People seem to want to create licenses that protect themselves in some way.
People seem to want to exploit even the construction of the shrine.
People seem to want to get back to the basics.
People seem to want to help the underdog.
People seem to want to know about the difference between writing journalism and writing fiction.
People seem to want to know who's calling instantly.
People seem to want to redefine schools to reflect the current reality.
People seem to want to reinvent the use of animation across many types of media.
People seem to want warm, robust, humanistic dramas.
People seem to warm up with a piece of bread and their coffee.
People seem to weather here in the northwestern wind and sun.
People seem to wonder that a lot.
People seem to work less and see their evenings and weekends as sacred.
People seem to worry about funds being mailed out of town.
People seem unwilling or unable to share their pep.
People seem very eager to be of assistance.
People seem very supportive of one another.
People seem very willing to give of their time, treasure and talent in unprecedented ways.
People select characters with whom they identify or admire.
People select great hybrids and varieties.
People select the environments they are best suited for.
People select their own paths, even if they work collectively.
People select which one they want if they want to run.
People sell all diffrent types of toys and a lot of other things.
People sell best what they know best.
People sell better when they know, like and respect something.
People sell brand new things, antiques, overstocks, just about everything.
People sell by owner because they are greedy.
People sell cattle all the time.
People sell crack because they're broke - It comes out of survival.
People sell dank and hash out of huts and stands all over the streets.
People sell drugs that they know are bunk or harmful.
People sell farms, businesses, homes, leave jobs, etc. in preparation for the end.
People sell guns privately at gun shows, over the Internet, through newspaper ads.
People sell homemade pies and clothing, crafts and other items.
People sell homes for various reasons.
People sell hooks for fishermen and souvenirs for the tourists.
People sell insurance only for the money.
People sell insurance.
People sell it all over the streets, some even eat it with chilli.
People sell more than their cattle.
People sell off the smallest parcels imaginable.
People sell parts.
People sell product which also provides an immediate return.
People sell products and render services.
People sell products and services to clients.
People sell raw material for peanuts in order to get food for their families.
People sell ready-made hierarchies of classes.
People sell records off the name trip-hop.
People sell that which they help create.
People sell the ads.
People sell the common man short.
People sell the darndest things.
People sell their businesses for as many reasons as they get into business in the first place.
People sell their domain names for silly amounts of money.
People sell their homes and rent for various reasons.
People sell their insurance policies to raise cash.
People sell their life insurance policy for many reasons.
People sell their products at the market, where no prices are marked.
People sell their soul into the marketplace and can then buy other souls.
People sell themselves short, and it's disappointing.
People sell unwanted items in the classified section every day.
People sell used cars every day and never have any problems.
People sell used items at much lower than new prices.
People sell xray shields to help minimize the xray exposure.
People selling alcohol are also under an obligation to satisfy themselves about customers ages.
People selling baby birds often define the term more loosely than people looking to buy baby birds.
People selling more expensive items can make more money.
People selling products and specific services directly to consumers are retailers.
People selling the ad space say it works, people buying the ad space have a different story.
People send all sorts of questions, mostly about research, but some a little less weighty.
People send and receive messages through symbols and symbolic practices.
People send and recieve mail on computers using the super-highway, the internet .
People send announcements for their files to the group.
People send cards, candy, or flowers as valentines to their sweethearts, friends, and family.
People send each other cards and presents to say that they love each other.
People send e-mail to a paticular topic on a local machine.
People send e-mail to others thousands of miles away in mere seconds.
People send greeting cards, e-mail, have online chats.
People send in a small donation and explain why they'd like to own the grill.
People send in e-mail full of hate or devotion, but always full of emotion.
People send in questions to be answered by a panel of experts.
People send in their ideas for each particular writing style listed on the site.
People send in their kids' project photos all the time.
People send in their resumes to be entered in a directory to which employers have access.
People send it to their wives or husbands.
People send letters, greeting cards, buy goods and services, conduct research on the Internet.
People send messages, called 'articles' or 'postings', to the various newsgroups.
People send money in and recieve no goods in return.
People send notes in the name of another.
People send out resumes and never hear anything back.
People send out their dogs, hoping they'll bring home something for dinner.
People send pyschic influences to others routinely, especially family members.
People send resumes to businesses, aid agencies and even to discussion groups.
People send short memos or large documents from office to office by e-mail.
People send special telegram related to the funeral service.
People send their friends on funny trick errands in Scotland.
People send themselves to hell.
People send wedding pictures, baptism pictures, baby pictures, dog pictures.
People send what they send, regardless of what's on the customer want list.
People sending spam find emails by looking for email addresses on web pages.
People sense an emptiness in their lives, a spiritual longing, a restlessness.
People sense colors on many levels.
People sense it intuitively and respond with trust.
People sense it without our saying a word.
People sense something's wrong.
People sense that.
People sense the commitment.
People sense when chemistry is good.
People sentenced to the jail are in for crimes that have a sentence of one year or less.
People separate themselves by race.
People seperate, they grow apart.
People serve customers and clients.
People serve long prison sentences for speaking out against the government.
People serve most effectively in areas in which they are motivated and gifted.
People serve the king.
People serving as organization supervisors are an invaluable source of information and help.
People serving hatsumode visitors amazake.
People serving on community committees and boards learn how to motivate and lead.
People set great store by environment as a modifying agent.
People set new ambitions and goals.
People set on fire always fall out windows.
People set sail, are blown about a bit, and then head back to port.
People set unrealistic expectations.
People set up a nonprofit organization to lead the way.
People set up equipment.
People set up grills there in the summer, and their dogs exercise every day.
People set up their own areas, and most MUDs grew at phenomenal rates.
People set up their own Web sites because they actually want to communicate with others.
People set up trusts for a variety of reasons.
People set up vigilante groups to track down criminals and ensure justice.
People set up Web 'pages' which are, in effect publications.
People setting examples for everyone else provides motivation.
People setting out to enhance salmon probably are.
People settle in the suburbans or, more recently, in the plain country.
People settle into doing what is culturally conventional at a spiritual level.
People settle into patterns.
People sexually abuse others because they've been abused.
People shake hands as a communication of trust.
People shake hands as often as they see each other during different times of the day.
People shake hands every time they see one another or are introduced.
People shake hands, smile and greet one another like family.
People share a concern about protecting their income, home, and business.
People share all kinds of things.
People share brief messages about topics of mutual interest.
People share community values.
People share computing resources all the time.
People share different views on how to deal with divorce.
People share e-mail addresses.
People share everyday tasks such as cleaning and cooking, as well as work on the farm.
People share experiences and solutions to solve problems.
People share experiences and they teach each other.
People share experiences, strength and hope with each other.
People share good friendships and a warm community life.
People share how their favorite forest or river getaway has changed since last summer.
People share in the experiences of others and draw strength and support from the group.
People share in the responsibility to avoid conflicts with bears.
People share knowledge, but ultimately they decide for themselves.
People share literature and personal experiences.
People share needles for all sorts of reasons like steroids, diabetes, allergies, etc.
People share news and reviews of productions everywhere.
People share one with the other.
People share only the best characteristics to cultivate optimum affinities.
People share only what they wish to share, and the risks of real vulnerability are low.
People share photos of the new baby, or great vacation.
People share responsibilities according to available time and competencies.
People share stories.
People share that warmth and passion with others.
People share the jokes because they are funny.
People share the lake and the mountains that surround it with birds and wildlife.
People share their concerns and experiences via e-mail.
People share their experience coming out of the program and plan the future.
People share their experience, strength and hope.
People share their experiences bad or good.
People share their experiences living with head injuries.
People share their experiences.
People share their lives through their blogs.
People share their opinions quite openly.
People share their tragic experiences of injury and death caused by electrical shock.
People share things they've never shared before.
People share thoughts and feelings.
People share thoughts and visions without speaking.
People share what they have formalized.
People share with one another and try to be helpful.
People sharing a fridge with other lodgers have problems with storing all their week's supplies.
People sharing experiences is what makes each event special.
People sharing houses or flats are in a difficult position.
People sharing often have the bills in one name.
People sharing their stories and exploring the implications for their lives is powerful.
People shed a whole jug of tears for wife and children.
People shed about one gram of skin flakes per day.
People shed more skin than just about any other animal.
People shed tears of joy.
People shed their parkas, exposing acres of pasty white flesh in vain attempts to get tans.
People shell out hundreds of dollars buying programs that promise to improve rankings.
People shift their job responsibilities in the course of a year .
People shift to barter, keep activities off the books, and obtain increasing number of loopholes.
People shift to the bus because it's such a good deal.
People shimmer like beehives.
People shit and pissed in there and the place was littered with empty bottles.
People shoot spell casters just to be on the safe side.
People shoot squirrels.
People shoot that much videotape pretty quickly now.
People shop according to what they can afford.
People shop as if they'll be cut off from their food supply for weeks.
People shop differently, none of that suburban mall madness.
People shop for a bathing suit with more care than they do a husband or wife.
People shop for homes, make travel arrangements and buy books online already.
People shop for prices on cars, houses, even airline tickets and groceries.
People shop for sex just as they shop for clothes, drugs and food.
People shop for tax breaks the way they shop for sales.
People shop here for our know-how, selection, and friendliness.
People shop in different ways, too.
People shop in the same stores and eat in the same restaurants.
People shop online because they believe they'll get better prices and better selection.
People shop only when they have time to shop.
People shop till they drop.
People shop using credit rather than cash.
People shop where they are comfortable, and most people are pretty happy with things right now.
People shop where they bank.
People shop while they're here.
People shop with their pets patiently waiting outside.
People shop, research, communicate, and learn online.
People shoplift at yard sales just like anywhere else.
People shots that show the corporate spirit.
People shout about a lot of meaningless things like sports.
People shout and scream, making it a thoroughly unpleasant experience.
People shout at each other.
People shout for joy.
People shout questions and answers back and forth as they sidestep ladders.
People shout to frighten and enrage the animal until it runs widely with the rider clinging to it.
People shout, scream and dance.
People shove each other on the court.
People shove each other while they're dancing in a crowded bar.
People show a passion for personal and organizational growth.
People show a wide range of variability in their tolerance for chemical exposure.
People show beauty in actions.
People show differences in how they best manage information about stressful events such as surgery.
People show directions by pointing .
People show directions by pointing.
People show disapproval or protest by refusing to vote.
People show friends how the system can turn on their headlights or unlock their doors.
People show high desires for marriage.
People show kindness to each other.
People show love and find happiness in the family.
People show no guilt and have no conscience with the climb to the top.
People show off new toys, describe new techniques, or pass around literature of interest.
People show off their animals and crafts, take carnival rides and enjoy yet more concerts.
People show off their bodies, clothes, children and dogs.
People show off their spring finery, including lovely bonnets decorated for spring.
People show overconfidence.
People show their happiness and joy by lighting lamps in praise of Rama.
People show themselves regardless of the medium.
People show they are unhappy in different ways.
People show up and mingle.
People show up at caves.
People show up at random and get high on a wide range of drugs.
People show up at the helpdesk with a floppy disk that contains the only copy of an important paper.
People show up claiming some particular expertise.
People show up daily with pieces of their past.
People show up here who are distraught over the illness or death of a loved one.
People show up in housekeeping, security.
People show up on time, they work hard, and their work is good.
People show up or things blow up always just at the nick of time.
People show up promptly and in an orderly fashion.
People show up with an abnormal chest x-ray.
People show up with inadequate food because they thought the leader provided it.
People show up, agree on a game to play, and off they go.
People show up, they do stuff.
People showcase their various interests, including hobbies.
People shower each other with colored water and smear red and green powder on each other.
People shown are as follows.
People shriek and scatter.
People shrink, dwindling into symbols.
People shuffle with tiny steps toward the door, then crush aggressively through the opening.
People shufflin' their feet.
People shy away from the Book of Revelation because it has been so misused.
People shy away from time-consuming and complicated systems.
People side with the workers in their struggle to regain respect for their rights.
People siding against the great take it as fate.
People sift through it for plastic, cardboard and other material.
People sigh and shift and whisper.
People sign and forward it thinking they're doing a good deed.
People sign for different reasons, they say.
People sign on from down the block, and around the world.
Most people assist in roles.
Most people assist in support roles.
Most people assist people.
Most people associate advocacy with the representation of clients in trial and appellate courts.
Most people associate allergies with little more than annoying sniffles, sneezes and wheezes.
Most people associate attic vents with heat, but they are wrong.
Most people associate aviation with airplanes.
Most people associate bumsterism with bad elements.
Most people associate burns with flame.
Most people associate cacti solely with the Western desert.
Most people associate calcium with bone health.
Most people associate calories with the foods they eat.
Most people associate caring for offspring with mothers.
Most people associate channeling with the process of bringing forth information.
Most people associate chiropractic only with back and neck pain.
Most people associate chlorine in their homes with swimming pools and bleach.
Most people associate clowns with the circus.
Most people associate creativity with overt forms such as music, art, or other artistic expressions.
Most people associate excess dietary sodium with high blood pressure.
Most people associate good times with the expansion and bad times with the contraction.
Most people associate holiness with very special people and very special activities.
Most people associate immunizations with infants and children.
Most people associate it with nasty weather and getting dark early.
Most people associate it with nuclear reactors and atomic bomb as a source of enormous energy.
Most people associate it with swamps.
Most people associate it with the feeling of floating in space.
Most people associate kite flying with kids and look on the kite as a toy.
Most people associate labs with activities involving chemicals.
Most people associate locusts with biblical-style plagues or a noisy summertime nuisance.
Most people associate Louisiana with flatboats and bayous.
Most people associate magnolias with spring, as that is when most varieties of magnolia flower.
Most people associate mercury with the thermometer.
Most people associate oral surgeons with the extraction of wisdom teeth.
Most people associate pregnancy with morning sickness.
Most people associate protein with animal foods like beef, chicken, fish, or milk.
Most people associate publishing with the printing process.
Most people associate quality and popularity with price.
Most people associate scaling with that of dandruff forming.
Most people associate size with success.
Most people associate stingrays with the ocean.
Most people associate tats with rebellion.
Most people associate the Bee Gees with disco music.
Most people associate the brandname of Hercules with video cards.
Most people associate the countryside with open access.
Most people associate the entrepreneurial spirit with the ability to innovate.
Most people associate the highly trained voice with opera.
Most people associate the lowly earthworm with fish bait.
Most people associate twisters with tornadoes, but in fact tropical twisters come from hurricanes.
Most people associate visibility with the age of the moon.
Most people associate VPNs with tunnels through the Internet that carry encrypted traffic.
Most people associate Wisconsin with dairy products and farms.
Most people associate with people similar to themself.
Most people associate zinc oxide with the white thick paste lifeguards used to use.
Most people assume a racial distinction as well.
Most people assume all farmers are subsidized by the federal government.
Most people assume brightly colored text to be a link.
Most people assume case theories are correct.
Most people assume everyone sees the world the same way.
Most people assume free stuff comes with a catch.
Most people assume growth is good or inevitable, or both.
Most people assume hospice care is provided to patients in their own homes.
Most people assume it is so obviously true that even to question it suggests a degree of nuttiness.
Most people assume lawyers are interchangeable.
Most people assume multiple roles.
Most people assume roles.
Most people assume sadness always accompanies depression.
Most people assume teachers working in the private sector have jobs that involve training.
Most people assume than cancer hurts.
Most people assume that a sunburn hurts for a couple of days, and then goes away.
Most people assume that advertising is a gamble.
Most people assume that anyone who has managed to become a doctor can produce a coherent sentence.
Most people assume that anything they see often enough on TV is normal behavior.
Most people assume that as soon as the rain stops, it is safe to go outside after a storm.
Most people assume that because they are alive, they breathe just fine.
Most people assume that bottled water, or spring water, is cleaner and healthier than tap water.
Most people assume that corporate prison labor is a recent innovation.
Most people assume that death is permanent and irreversible.
Most people assume that ethics means a certain code of honor or a standard of good behavior.
Most people assume that every blind individual reads and writes braille.
Most people assume that every blind individual reads and writes Braille.
Most people assume that everyone there was either dying or dying to get out of there.
Most people assume that gritty, red, sore eyes are just part of life.
Most people assume that gritty, red, watery eyes are just part of life.
Most people assume that if they encounter a problem, it is someone else's fault.
Most people assume that infidelity is just about moral weakness, deceit or hostility.
Most people assume that meat is clean and safe, that there are inspections done at all butcheries.
Most people assume that men in general are only concerned about sexual self-gratification.
Most people assume that monarchs leave the north to spend the winter in a place that's warm.
Most people assume that more money provides more happiness.
Most people assume that once they've legally arrived that's the end of it.
Most people assume that one's mental attitude is totally self-chosen.
Most people assume that people in the Delta are farmers.
Most people assume that racism only deals with color of skin, but it goes way beyond that.
Most people assume that relapse is a sign that treatment has failed.
Most people assume that safer is better.
Most people assume that scientists really know how old the rocks are.
Most people assume that States are creatures driven by ruthless self-interest.
Most people assume that surfing on the Internet is like watching television.
Most people assume that testing is finally over.
Most people assume that the absence of recognizable stress implies that they are relaxed.
Most people assume that the candidates advocate radically different approaches to reform.
Most people assume that the dog was hit by a car and left to die.
Most people assume that the events in their everyday lives directly lead to their feelings.
Most people assume that the message is that rich people are likely to go to hell.
Most people assume that the only cost of bankruptcy is the price of the lawyer.
Most people assume that the various public key infrastructures use strictly public key technology.
Most people assume that the zero point is at the bottom of the graph.
Most people assume that there are significant benefits to be gained from such procedures.
Most people assume that to stay in shape it takes a good chunk of time and a health club membership.
Most people assume that total freedom is required for creativity.
Most people assume that trees are individual entities.
Most people assume that when they purchase a mattress it is always new.
Most people assume that when they purchase a mattress it's always new.
Most people assume that when they send an E-mail it is delivered directly to the intended receiver.
Most people assume that women are the only targets for date rape drugs.
Most people assume that, because of their teeth, gorillas are fierce predators.
Most people assume the Bible is hopelessly out of touch about modern sex.
Most people assume the Macedonian market to cover no more than two million consumers.
Most people assume the obese have little or no self-discipline.
Most people assume the water they drink is safe.
Most people assume their estates are worth far less than they actually are.
Most people assume their family members can step in.
Most people assume they can have children when they choose.
Most people assume they can survive during a crisis by using what they already have in their homes.
Most people assume trucks are to blame.
Most people assume wine is acidic but few realize that beer is as well.
Most people attain average height.
Most people attain height.
Most people attempt to act sexually responsible.
Most people attempt to find a good dentist by asking friends and relatives.
Most people attempt to smooth their consumption over their lifetimes.
Most people attend a university because it is a place of learning.
Most people attend as individuals.
Most people attend church.
Most people attend college to prepare for a career.
Most people attend mass in the morning and then attending the parade.
Most people attend seminars to understand a topic or solve a problem.
Most people attend their city's display of fireworks.
Most people attract mosquitoes.
Most people attribute the problem of ice damming to the roofer.
Most people autoclave glass dishes and medium separately.
Most people automatically adjust their distances to suit their immediate situation.
Most people automatically assume that calcium is the most important factor to address bone density.
Most people automatically assume that long distance relationships are pointless and bound to fail.
Most people automatically have one if they have a network login.
Most people automatically plant grass as a groundcover.
Most people automatically think of giving cash.
Most people automatically think of thyroid synonymously with weight gain.
Most people avoid bad risks if they are given enough information.
Most people avoid cactus, but many animals make cactus their home.
Most people avoid cactus.
Most people avoid intestinal problems.
Most people avoid mentioning it to anyone, even family, close friends or their personal physician.
Most people avoid poverty by getting and keeping a job.
Most people avoid problems.
Most people avoid reading anything that they consider nonessential.
Most people avoid sharks.
Most people avoid signing up for e-mail publications that sell their subscriber lists.
Most people avoid snakes.
Most people avoid speaking to outsiders.
Most people avoid the easy direct route to filling their needs.
Most people avoid the expense of such services unless they are deep into career confusion.
Most people avoid the opening.
Most people avoid the truth if it is painful.
Most people avoid using the root form as a 'male' form.
Most people avoid working traditional gardens in rainy weather to avoid compaction and muddy feet.
Most people backwash more frequently than necessary.
Most people backwash more than needed.
Most people bank within a five block radius of where they live or work.
Most people barely make a living.
Most people barely scratch the surface of what their software can do.
Most people barely spend two minutes a day on oral hygiene.
Most people base clan membership and inheritance rights on their mother's family line.
Most people base their happiness on their successes.
Most people bathe their hermit crabs in dishes, mixing bowls and plastic containers.
Most people battle to find information on the Internet.
Most people bear burdens.
Most people bear entire burdens.
Most people bear their own terrors silently.
Most people become accustomed to the frequent mild earthquakes that occur in Japan.
Most people become accustomed very quickly to nudity and get over all the hang-ups.
Most people become active in our community to be around other gay and lesbian people.
Most people become anxious about performance reviews, even if their work is outstanding.
Most people become anxious when they are in pain.
Most people become aware of the program by word of mouth or simple happenstance.
Most people become aware of their sexual orientation during adolescence.
Most people become aware they are under stress indirectly.
Most people become bankrupt having invested too heavily in the prose of life.
Most people become bankrupt through having invested too heavily in the prose of life.
Most people become confused and forgetful as they age.
Most people become deaf from old age and never learn sign language.
Most people become decrepit as they age.
Most people become depressed at some time.
Most people become discouraged and quit before they even buy one rental home.
Most people become either rounded or inline users.
Most people become embarrassed if no conversation is taking place.
Most people become experts.
Most people become extremely nervous at the prospect of a job interview.
Most people become frustrated with a day that is unproductive .
Most people become happy because that is the reaction they expect.
Most people become ill in either the summer or the winter.
Most people become ill in the summer and early fall.
Most people become ill two to seven days after infection.
Most people become interested in keeping Cichlids because they are so much fun observe.
Most people become involved in something during their time here be it arctic exploration or drama.
Most people become nervous at the thought of interviewing, and that's normal.
Most people become professional editors because they are intrigued with language.
Most people become sick two to seven days after infection.
Most people become significantly self-conscious when speaking to a computer.
Most people become subject to despair when they see people dying.
Most people become too stressed from shopping, cooking and travel for the holidays.
Most people become users.
Most people become vegan for ethical, spiritual or health reasons.
Most people become winded after just two minutes of continuous rope jumping.
Most people begin a garden without such a clear sense of purpose and design strategy.
Most people begin at Delhi and set off for one of the well-known routes.
Most people begin because they like the brilliant colours which they see in the budgerigar.
Most people begin by closing their eyes and taking a few deep breaths.
Most people begin by saving interesting stamps from their mail, adding others cadged from friends.
Most people begin by sitting up right on the floor or a comfortable cushion.
Most people begin by taking diver or fish portraits.
Most people begin by taking one of our introductory specials.
Most people begin by using a counterweight, as shown above.
Most people begin by wearing the hearing aid at home for limited periods of time.
Most people begin exploring retirement communities with just that thought in mind.
Most people begin feeling tired after one or two weeks of radiation treatment.
Most people begin gardening when they buy a house.
Most people begin having sex with each other in the context of an ongoing relationship.
Most people begin months ahead of that time, working on strength and agility drills.
Most people begin reading textbooks in the wrong way.
Most people begin smoking before the age of sixteen.
Most people begin standing two days after surgery with help from the physiotherapist.
Most people begin the process of starting a book club with an interest in books.
Most people begin their children's collection with memories of their childhood.
Most people begin their life in a new country with a positive mind-set.
Most people begin their new assignment with great expectations and a positive mind-set.
Most people begin their work life earning an Hourly Wage.
Most people begin to care in an active way only after they have seen an animal up-close.
Most people begin to care more about spirituality and religious roots as they age and have kids.
Most people begin to decrease the dose before their Depression is over so it returns.
Most people begin to die from the haircut, down.
Most people begin to feel better within two to four days of therapy.
Most people begin to feel relaxed.
Most people begin to feel relief within ten - fourteen days.
Most people begin to feel relief within ten to twenty days.
Most people begin to feel the benefits in just a few weeks once they get started.
Most people begin to feel tired after a few weeks of radiation therapy.
Most people begin to hurt and wait too long before doing anything about it.
Most people begin to notice a difference within two to six months after they start taking it.
Most people begin to notice an improvement in as little as a month.
Most people begin to put their partner under a more high-powered microscope.
Most people begin to regain weight a few months after treatment.
Most people begin to start feeling better when they quit.
Most people begin with a round diamond, then gradually diversifies to other shapes.
Most people begin with great expectations and a positive mind-set.
Most people begin with the assumption that life is preferable to death.
Most people behave in extremely decent manner.
Most people behave reasonably and decently online, but some are rude, mean, or even criminal.
Most people being smuggled are migrants seeking to illegally enter another nation.
Most people believe a month or more is wiser.
Most people believe a woody plant is too large an investment to be treated as an annual.
Most people believe alcohol and illegal drugs cause addiction.
Most people believe all bass move into pockets or to the bank to spawn.
Most people believe all the good domain names are taken.
Most people believe AmigaOS to be dead and buried.
Most people believe and expect the industry to grow.
Most people believe ants or roaches are more likely to live in such dark and damp areas.
Most people believe cataracts only occur in old age, but that's a misconception.
Most people believe complete consolidation of the city and county governments is the way to go.
Most people believe death occurs when a person's heartbeat and breathing stop.
Most people believe feelings are created by events.
Most people believe foreign films are mainly boring, talky character studies.
Most people believe good water quality means the water is pure and clean.
Most people believe gothics to be satanistic.
Most people believe in and try to live by that code of ethics.
Most people believe in equity.
Most people believe in ghosts or spirits.
Most people believe in ghosts.
Most people believe in some of the old wives tales still circulating today.
Most people believe in some type of life after death.
Most people believe in supernatural beings like angels.
Most people believe in the notion of a 'descriptive' unconscious.
Most people believe in the validity of their scripts without question.
Most people believe in treading cautiously when trying something new.
Most people believe intercourse is the definition of sex, but so is manual and oral stimulation.
Most people believe it is important to make the Bible part of their daily lives.
Most people believe it is the home office deduction.
Most people believe it was done to end a lingering war and save American lives.
Most people believe it's difficult to get a decent job without a bachelor's or even graduate degree.
Most people believe it's nothing.
Most people believe it's really hard to be an author.
Most people believe it's too expensive or unrealistic.
Most people believe lower prices equal lower quality.
Most people believe media, especially television where they get most news a.
Most people believe mosquitoes are coming from great distances to their yard in search of food.
Most people believe one or two theories about how the Earth was formed.
Most people believe otherwise.
Most people believe pain is obviously evil.
Most people believe so.
Most people believe statutory rape laws are intended to protect young girls from much older men.
Most people believe that a great fireworks show costs tens of thousands of dollars.
Most people believe that a mind-body connection is effected when people use relaxation techniques.
Most people believe that a person in a coma is in a deep sleep.
Most people believe that a stroke is due to the death of brain cells.
Most people believe that accidents are random, unpredictable occurrences.
Most people believe that aging is normal but nobody defines what normal aging is.
Most people believe that aging is universal but there are biological organisms that never age.
Most people believe that Alaska is a scary and extreme place.
Most people believe that all feminists are pro-choice.
Most people believe that all men are created equal.
Most people believe that animal cloning is a new technology.
Most people believe that anything that is true is true for a reason.
Most people believe that architect-designed houses are exclusively for the very wealthy.
Most people believe that bats are blind, which is untrue.
Most people believe that both being fat and being gay is a matter of personal choice.
Most people believe that caffeine is the key to studying and staying awake all night.
Most people believe that chameleons change their color to blend in with environment.
Most people believe that choosing a good password is easy.
Most people believe that college is much more expensive than it really is.
Most people believe that congestion is worse now than it has ever been.
Most people believe that crime is a police problem.
Most people believe that crime is inevitable.
Most people believe that criminals deserve to be punished.
Most people believe that developing the talents of our children is an important and valuable goal.
Most people believe that divorce is bad for children.
Most people believe that economic relationships are a zero-sum game.
Most people believe that everyone has a soul or that there is some universal soul or spirit.
Most people believe that fighting is the only way to stay safe.
Most people believe that gangs are solely a problem in large inner cities.
Most people believe that getting an arcade translation for their consoles ensures a great value.
Most people believe that god or gods work for the good of the people.
Most people believe that healthy marriage relationships are based on a partnership.
Most people believe that herbs are mild and quite ineffective, as compared to drugs.
Most people believe that hunter-gatherers face death from starvation all of their lives.
Most people believe that if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
Most people believe that if it's on the Internet, it's free.
Most people believe that if there is, it comes from the research of scientists.
Most people believe that industrial parks are a twentieth century idea.
Most people believe that inventions are created by large think tanks of geniuses.
Most people believe that it is impossible to build a motor run solely by magnets.
Most people believe that it is their pet's hair that is the allergen.
Most people believe that Jewish ritual circumcision is primarily a health measure.
Most people believe that land tenure is stable.
Most people believe that licensing accounts for technical skill.
Most people believe that making money online is easy.
Most people believe that many different pranksters are supporting the Bigfoot hoax.
Most people believe that marine aquarium keeping is infinitely more difficult than freshwater.
Most people believe that Mars today has no life.
Most people believe that medical errors are the result of the failures of individual providers.
Most people believe that men control more money than women.
Most people believe that mental illnesses are rare.
Most people believe that monogamy is the norm, and that most people are monogamous.
Most people believe that more is better.
Most people believe that music instruction makes for well-rounded students.
Most people believe that New Year's day is the one day that most people begin to quit smoking.
Most people believe that nothing can be done.
Most people believe that nutrition is a pillar to recovery of health.
Most people believe that once they have purchased software, they own it.
Most people believe that one of the most difficult skills to learn in drawing is portrait drawing.
Most people believe that one, or at most two, of the above destinations and states exist.
Most people believe that one's ability to comprehend chemistry or mathematics declines with age.
Most people believe that only truly evil leaders can be so ruthless.
Most people believe that organizations only change in crisis.
Most people believe that parents are the only members of a family who affect child development.
Most people believe that physicists are explaining the world.
Most people believe that planning is no more than thinking.
Most people believe that post-menopausal women have problems with sex.
Most people believe that products made by hand have better quality.
Most people believe that racism was the main reason.
Most people believe that religion is a personal thing.
Most people believe that search engines and directories are the same.
Most people believe that simply having sex without a contraceptive is likely to result in pregnancy.
Most people believe that slavery no longer exists.
Most people believe that slavery was an aberration.
Most people believe that subject referencing is a good idea.
Most people believe that success is something that happens to people who don t have any challenges.
Most people believe that systems free of growth operate more economically and last longer.
Most people believe that teens watch too much television.
Most people believe that the buying process is difficult and complicated.
Most people believe that the current preoccupation with looks is all from the media.
Most people believe that the first doctor's treatment is most appropriate.
Most people believe that the fourth dimension is time.
Most people believe that the full moon influences violence and aggression in psychiatric settings.
Most people believe that the landfill tax has been a success.
Most people believe that the most effective treatment begins early in the recovery process.
Most people believe that the question of insanity ought to be relatively easy to establish.
Most people believe that the reason has to do with the rubber tires, rubber being an insulator .
Most people believe that the same animals that live in the Arctic live in Antarctica.
Most people believe that the story of modern history is also the story of progress.
Most people believe that their memories get worse as they get older.
Most people believe that their mortgage payment or rent payment is their greatest financial burden.
Most people believe that their reliance on computers means less reliance on paper receipts.
Most people believe that there are four kinds of taste - salt, sour, bitter, and sweet.
Most people believe that there are only a couple of different types of conservatives in the world.
Most people believe that there is justice in America.
Most people believe that there is no such thing as absolute truth - everything is relative.
Most people believe that there is only one type of mamba snake and that it is black.
Most people believe that there is something beyond human endeavour.
Most people believe that they are doing themselves some justice by fortifying their reactivity.
Most people believe that they are guaranteed the right to call an attorney for advice.
Some people say it is the dead who are unhappy about where they are buried.
Some people say it is the healthy eel to eat for sushi.
Some people say it is the most famous painting in the world.
Some people say it is the most famous private home in the world .
Some people say it is the packagers' problem.
Some people say it is the tree's spirit, or a nature spirit living inside the tree, that causes it.
Some people say it is unfair that some major league teams can pay bigger salaries than other teams.
Some people say it is ungovernable .
Some people say it is waffling but other people say it is lecturing. .
Some people say it is way off and some say it is a bit weird.
Some people say it like it's a slang word.
Some people say it never came back, but it keeps showing up.
Some people say it originally came from Thailand.
Some people say it prevents disease.
Some people say it refers to the activity, while voluntarism speaks to the nonprofit setting.
Some people say it relieves tension.
Some people say it represents the sun.
Some people say it s a bit chauvinistic to have that girl on the skates.
Some people say it s about eliminating child poverty.
Some people say it s an inevitable side effect of economic expansion and urban reinvestment.
Some people say it s because the media are liberal.
Some people say it s generational.
Some people say it s heavy metal ska.
Some people say it smells a little bit like a fish and chip shop going past.
Some people say it smells like butterscotch.
Some people say it sounds like they are underwater.
Some people say it sounds sort of unprofessional, while others say it is catchy and fun.
Some people say it takes away from the tradition of film.
Some people say it takes time to heal the pain.
Some people say it threatens life on Earth, others say it is nothing but a myth.
Some people say it violates a federal law that keeps student records confidential.
Some people say it was a big tragedy.
Some people say it was a breeze and others have so much pain.
Some people say it was a pity.
Some people say it was an accident.
Some people say it was caused by a bout with malaria.
Some people say it was sabotage.
Some people say it was the window-smashing that made the protest a hot media story.
Some people say it was too dry later on.
Some people say it works ok, but there have been reported problems with it.
Some people say it works.
Some people say it'll make the fight over abortion look like a picnic.
Some people say it's a bunch of hot air.
Some people say it's a good thing, some people say that it's a bad thing.
Some people say it's a mean song.
Some people say it's a pipe dream.
Some people say it's a soup out there of chemicals.
Some people say it's a thankless task.
Some people say it's a virus.
Some people say it's about sales.
Some people say it's about toys.
Some people say it's about tradition.
Some people say it's all about money, but that's too simple.
Some people say it's all because the Ramtops are the home of old, wild magic.
Some people say it's all very silly, and yes, that is exactly what it is.
Some people say it's an enchanted place where warm feelings of peace and calm fill every guest.
Some people say it's an even more difficult venue to play in.
Some people say it's any book that's easy to read.
Some people say it's because climbers' personalities tend to be deviant.
Some people say it's because of TV ads, and some say that assumption is a fallacy.
Some people say it's camp as if that explains everything.
Some people say it's chelation, other say citrates or lactates.
Some people say it's Chinese music.
Some people say it's foolish to.
Some people say it's for the dead to play.
Some people say it's great some people hate it.
Some people say it's great to see an intelligent tenor.
Some people say it's important who is in power because it can make a difference to what happens.
Some people say it's in the knees, some say it's in the hips, some say it's in the feet.
Some people say it's just as bad as childbirth without anesthesia.
Some people say it's Korean fusion of hip-hop.
Some people say it's like ballet, but that's bullshit.
Some people say it's like the wind.
Some people say it's luck.
Some people say it's lunacy.
Some people say it's make-believe, some say it's true.
Some people say it's more elegant.
Some people say it's more uncomfortable than painful.
Some people say it's one comma in a series of three items, but others say two.
Some people say it's possible now to have a dialogue with a voice-recognition system.
Some people say it's racism.
Some people say it's sneaky.
Some people say it's something else.
Some people say it's spooky and dark in the cabins.
Some people say it's the best book ever written for beginning meditators.
Some people say it's the biggest squeeze ever.
Some people say it's the difference between friends forever or enemies for life.
Some people say it's the most rewarding thing they do.
Some people say it's the quickest way to make millions.
Some people say it's the seniors.
Some people say it's the small stadium.
Some people say it's the weather, some people say it's the military.
Some people say it's the worst pain they've ever had, but that's really an exaggeration.
Some people say it's ugly, even overkill.
Some people say it's unfortunate.
Some people say it's user-friendly.
Some people say Japan is already a military power.
Some people say jogging is addictive.
Some people say jogging or exercise is good too.
Some people say journalism is a profession.
Some people say keeping it off is better for the computer, and others say keeping it on is better.
Some people say large universities offer opportunities for a more diverse group of friends.
Some people say lawn mowers are too loud too.
Some people say lemon prevents browning.
Some people say let's close it.
Some people say lettuce is lettuce.
Some people say Madrid is the most exciting and the most beautiful city.
Some people say man in the most dangerous animal on the planet.
Some people say man is the most dangerous animal on the planet.
Some people say marriage is give and take.
Some people say more, some less.
Some people say more.
Some people say nature is cold and heartless.
Some people say never send anything confidential or private over the Internet.
Some people say no way, others say definitely.
Some people say no.
Some people say none.
Some people say Nothing is ever Black and white Just shades of gray.
Some people say nothing, though they're kind.
Some people say nuns are almost invisible today.
Some people say once a week for a few weeks, some say once a day for a week.
Some people say one sees what one wants to see through the light of faith.
Some people say one thing behind the back and another in public.
Some people say organic foods are also safer since they don t contain hazardous pesticides.
Some people say other lifters have gotten gifts from referees.
Some people say pageants are political.
Some people say panhandling hurts the cause of homelessness.
Some people say Park Lake in Santa Rosa has the largest free swimming pool in the world.
Some people say passing a kidney stone is like giving birth.
Some people say peace is the absence of war .
Some people say peace is the absence of war.
Some people say perhaps too close.
Some people say philately is stamp collecting.
Some people say picking bluebonnets is against the law.
Some people say pictures are worth a thousand words.
Some people say pirate, some people say businessperson.
Some people say pointers are crazy, others say it is their owners.
Some people say polypeptide instead of protein.
Some people say porn makes people want to go out and rape.
Some people say quickness.
Some people say rain dripping from the crown and dropline of the tree also affects plants around it.
Some people say reading extensively is really helpful.
Some people say religion has nothing to do with sports.
Some people say rock art is mainly totemism, territorial, or depictions of daily life - doodles.
Some people say rooms are really shaded and dark.
Some people say Shively's situation is unique.
Some people say shoot first, ask questions later.
Some people say Silicon Valley is a soulless place.
Some people say sisters argue.
Some people say skydiving is better than sex.
Some people say sleeping through the night is midnight to five o'clock.
Some people say small farms are dead.
Some people say smoking can reduce stress.
Some people say so.
Some people say society is becoming more litigious.
Some people say some one else's, others say some one's else.
Some people say somebody is making bad medicine.
Some people say Southern girls are raised to be beauty queens.
Some people say spending money on direct mailing is most important.
Some people say spin is lying.
Some people say spit tobacco is ok because there's no smoke, like a cigarette has.
Some people say stupid old bear.
Some people say teen-age moms are forced to grow up too quickly.
Some people say television helped.
Some people say tempeh takes on the flavor of foods it is cooked with.
Some people say test scores go down when teachers use technology.
Some people say Texas is another country.
Some people say that a bachelor's degree is no longer just a four-year process.
Some people say that a bloody footprint sometimes appears in one of the bed-chambers.
Some people say that a coastline has infinite length .
Some people say that a cow has four stomachs.
Some people say that a dream is just something that one wakes up from.
Some people say that a mouth full of obscenities is a result of an uneducated mind.
Some people say that a picture is worth a thousand downloads.
Some people say that ableism is a form of oppression .
Some people say that ableism is a form of oppression.
Some people say that about what's happening to rural America, too.
Some people say that academics are the heart of the university.
Some people say that advertising is a waste of money.
Some people say that affluence leads to many addictions.
Some people say that aging is like wine, the older the better.
Some people say that all things are interconnected.
Some people say that America is a Christian nation.
Some people say that an ocean wave Is separate from the sea.
Some people say that Anchorage is the largest native village in Alaska.
Some people say that anti-pollution laws discourage the growth of jobs and industry.
Some people say that anvil shooting originated during the time of American settlers.
Some people say that any type of physical discipline constitutes abuse.
Some people say that as they put on their makeup, a change in their personality takes place.
Some people say that Aussies talk through their noses, giving a nasal twang to their words.
Some people say that babies are too small to have minds.
Some people say that baseball has gone insane.
Some people say that black cats cause bad luck.
Some people say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Some people say that Bride means fiery arrow.
Some people say that bullying is just part of growing up.
Some people say that Cambodia is too small to be affected by the current regional crisis.
Some people say that cat lovers, particularly older people live longer and lead healthier lives.
Some people say that cats are sneaky, evil, and cruel.
Some people say that celebrity eclipses everything.
Some people say that cheap, fast and good are mutually exclusive terms.
Some people say that chimpanzees are the closest relitave to man.
Some people say that collimated light is focused at infinity .
Some people say that collimated light is focused at infinity.
Some people say that colonics wash out intestinal flora and valuable nutrients.
Some people say that coming out of the trees was a big mistake.
Some people say that computers have become so standardized that they are just a commodity.
Some people say that contemporary music helps the church grow as long as the words are fine.
Some people say that creativity is born out of much pain, suffering and darkness.
Some people say that cycling speed is also very important in a ram.
Some people say that declawing a cat is cruel.
Some people say that disinfecting files is a bad idea.
Some people say that doing squats with anything in their tummy is barf city.
Some people say that dolphins are more intelligent than humans.
Some people say that driving north is boring.
Some people say that educators have high standards, but in fact educators have no standards at all.
Some people say that electronic music is the future of rock.
Some people say that enzymes work like a key in a lock.
Some people say that eternal Hellfire is unjust.
Some people say that everyone is put on the Earth for a reason.
Some people say that everything's bigger in Texas.
Some people say that evolution holds science together, and it s the whole fabric of science.
Some people say that faith walks out when fatigue walks in.
Some people say that falling in love is a state of denial.
Some people say that feeling is reduced.
Some people say that fighting is part and parcel of marital life.
Some people say that folders are directories.
Some people say that foods made with substitutes never taste as good as the real thing.
Some people say that French women are born beautiful.
Some people say that girls are better than boys.
Some people say that goalies are a little off the wall.
Some people say that gold is the most recycled material in the world.
Some people say that guilt is a useless emotion.
Some people say that hard works pays off.
Some people say that HTML is source code, and some people say that it's a document.
Some people say that human rights in other countries is none of our business.
Some people say that if the juices run clear when pricked with a fork, the bird is cooked.
Some people say that in an expression of joy.
Some people say that in junior high, it is important to spend time developing social relationships.
Some people say that Ireland is a club.
Some people say that is harmless, but an affair is an affair.
Some people say that is high, some people say that is low.
Some people say that it belongs at home, while others argue for it in classrooms.
Some people say that it came from overseas.
Some people say that it comes from Haiti.
Some people say that it feels like a band tightening around their head.
Some people say that it feels like resting on a cloud.
Some people say that it indicates bad luck only for farmers.
Some people say that it is a natural property.
Some people say that it is a revision of the Puritan ethic.
Some people say that it is a way to prevent certain people from watching certain types of programs.
Some people say that it is difficult to believe that any god created religion.
Some people say that it is rubbish because of how slow it runs.
Some people say that it is the twin sister of the Earth.
Some people say that it nearly rolls itself back up.
Some people say that it stands for good fortune, which is an interpretation of everyday people.
Some people say that it was a modification or influenced by portuquese music.
Some people say that it was beginner's luck.
Some people say that it was scarlet fever or meningitis.
Some people say that it's all relative.
Some people say that it's because of the weight of the butter.
Some people say that it's going downhill .
Some people say that it's impossible to hug a memory.
Some people say that jellyfish look like aliens.
Some people say that keeping potash at high levels is like having money in the bank.
Some people say that kind of information is over the top.
Some people say that kissing is a sin.
Some people say that language is culture, and in many ways it's true.
Some people say that larvae of ladybug looks like tiny alligator.
Some people say that laughter is the best medicine.
Some people say that like it's a bad thing.
Some people say that marriage is the tomb of love.
Some people say that mathematics is the science of patterns.
Some people say that mediation is only a waste of time.
Some people say that meditation is only a waste of time.
Some people say that moving clocks run fast .
Some people say that no high school truly prepares their graduates for college.
Some people say that no news is good news.
Some people say that no one can do anything about that.
Some people say that nuclear power generation is indispensable in order to stop global warming.
Some people say that number is too low, while others say it's too high.
Some people say that nurses are particularly susceptible to becoming codependent.
Some people say that older workers are less able or willing to learn new skills.
Some people say that one can develop supernormal capabilities through the practice of qigong.
Some people say that one dose of poison can kill ten full grown men.
Some people say that only ugly people work in radio.
Some people say that outlining the chords is the more intellectual approach.
Some people say that paintball is disruptive to our youth.
Some people say that pitching is the most crucial element for any team.
Some people say that planetary exploration is a luxury.
Some people say that plants have some kind of feeling or cognitive power.
Some people say that pornography is only fantasy.
Some people say that pot is a stepping stone to harder drugs.
Some people say that prejudice is like a poison that makes people treat others in a negative way.
Some people say that private places are the places covered by a bathing suit.
Some people say that psychoanalysis is like a religion.
Some people say that punk rock is dead .
Some people say that punk rock is dead.
Some people say that reds and oranges are exciting and shades of blue are soothing.
Some people say that rock music has evil roots.
Some people say that rock music promotes juvenile delinquency.
Some people say that running the fish down the toilet is really cruel to the fish.
Some people say that school is one way of putting of the reality of auditioning for jobs.
Some people say that science contradicts religion and destroys faith or spirituality.
Some people say that selection is an art.
Some people say that shoes are the first thing a lady notices when talking to a man.
Some people say that sin is harmless.
Some people say that singing is all about the breath.
Some people say that some of the older watches are better-made.
Some people say that some people are so heavenly minded that they are no earthly good.
Some people say that some sins are more serious than others.
Some people say that spanking is child abuse.
Some people say that sports are a metaphor for life.
Some people say that sprawl is merely the natural result of market forces at work.
Some people say that spraying their gardens with a garlic extract keeps cats at bay.
Some people say that steaming weakens the wood.
Some people say that stock trading has become the new national pastime.
Some people say that strengths actually equal weaknesses.
Some people say that students take part-time jobs only for money.
Some people say that such learning only happens in Italy.
Some people say that supplements are things that are found in food.
Some people say that taking drugs heightens the pleasurable feelings of touching and kissing.
Some people say that taxes are too high.
Some people say that technical writing is completely non-creative.
Some people say that Texas is like a whole other country.
Some people say that that is how they wish to live their lives.
Some people say that the answer is to remove the limits on restitution.
Some people say that the atomic bombs actually saved many lives.
Some people say that the best and most efficient user interface is already in the market.
Some people say that the best singing happens in a private room.
Some people say that the Bible was just for people a long time ago.
Some people say that the characters are stereotypical.
Some people say that the church has never faced a challenge as great as the one it faces today.
Some people say that the current system gives rich donors an unfair influence over the election.
Some people say that the different lenses really help to focus on the ball.
Some people say that the end is at hand.
Some people say that the face was built by some ancient civilization.
Some people say that the family is changing.
Some people say that the first pizza came from Italy, but others argue that it came from Greece.
Some people say that the greatest difference between people is in what they anticipate.
Some people say that the hostile condition can be attributed to that time of month.
Some people say that the idea of trusting political leaders is gone anyway.
Some people say that the Internet is like a huge public library with no card catalog.
Some people say that the low salaries are a disincentive.
Some people say that the mall is commercially zoned and therefore anything commercial can go there.
Some people say that the milk of a cow or goat is also part of the body.
Some people say that the nutrients in the soil, especially the potassium, are a factor too.
Some people say that the original name of the community was Huntsville.
Some people say that the play is cursed.
Some people say that the role of the church is to convert, baptize and make members of the churrh.
Some people say that the spices are a bit overpowering and others can t wait for the next sip.
Some people say that the stars above Are nothing but some light.
Some people say that the strike zone was lowered to fit pitches.
Some people say that the sushi and sashimi prepared at the open sushi bar are the best in Baltimore.
Some people say that the tone of the flute brings romance to the ears of all who hear.
Some people say that the toughest job to get is the first one.
Some people say that the toughest part was waking up after a comfortable rest.
Some people say that the universe is just a ball.
Some people say that the vocables of a taraanaa are words of mystic poetry.
Some people say that the web is a graphical medium.
Some people say that their fillings tingle during the scan.
Some people say that there are disorder genes.
Some people say that there is a renaissance in poetry going on across the country.
Some people say that there is corruption in the way senir jobs are filled.
Some people say that there is no clear distinction between a solid and a liquid in general.
Some people say that there is no Western tradition of meditation.
Some people say that there is nothing new in the present predicament.
Some people say that there is or has been a selunding orchestra, others deny it.
Some people say that they are fed up with Bosnia.
Some people say that they are the future of the church.
Some people say that they are the 'most advanced' invertebrates.
Some people say that they can hear a lobster squealing as it is put into a boiling pot.
Some people say that they eat soil to fill their stomachs when little food is available.
Some people say that they feel like they're watching themselves in a TV show or movie.
Some people say that they give a trophy for winning practice.
Some people say that they have seen lungfish eating plants.
Some people say that they just popped up out of nowhere.
Some people say that they wear their clothes backwards and wear their shoes on the wrong feet.
Some people say that they'll be ready to go when it's their turn to go.
Some people say that they've ruined America's attention span and taught kids to kill.
Some people say that things happen for a reason.
Some people say that thrift stores are full of junk.
Some people say that tickers aren t accurate.
Some people say that time alters everything.
Some people say that tube amps color the sound.
Some people say that unrequited love is the purest form of adoration.
Some people say that using too much fat free or sugarless foods is bad for one s health.
Some people say that Virginia spent too much time at the horse races.
Some people say that voting for a third party candidate is just throwing a vote away.
Some people say that voting is a citizen s duty.
Some people say that walking sticks can spit poison like a praying mantis.
Some people say that welfare programs have caused single- parent families.
Some people say that what creates the largest runs are when the days grow shorter.
Some people say that when a person dies, a crow carries their soul over to the land of the dead.
Some people say that with a smirk, but it's really true.
Some people say that with today's technology, the cowboy is a dying breed.
Some people say that without women life is easier, is without problems, or quarrels.
Some people say that, right.
Some people say that, The Bible is an ancient book written for another time.
Some people say that.
Petals are always present in the former but occasionally lacking in some species of the latter.
Petals are approximately the same length as the calyx.
Petals are chocolate brown, with pale reverses.
Petals are colored and have markings to attract insects and animals.
Petals are curved lengthwise forming a slight channel.
Petals are fairly flat with moderately recurved sepals.
Petals are films.
Petals are five, white in colour and arranged alternate to sepals.
Petals are four in number, light yellowish, densely haired along the margin.
Petals are free.
Petals are frequently colorful and fragrant.
Petals are frequently the visual advertising banner that attracts pollinators.
Petals are generally white or brightly colored to attract pollinating insects to their nectar.
Petals are great for potpourri or for making rose petal jelly.
Petals are greenish at the top with a broad orange band near the base.
Petals are greenish or pale coloured, tiny, inconspicuous and in some cases deciduous.
Petals are highly colored portions of the flower.
Petals are long and white with a rose-purple tinge.
Petals are long, thin, and open, giving blossoms a delicate air.
Petals are nicely fringed on the edges.
Petals are often brightly-colored and have many different shapes.
Petals are orange-brown in matured flowers, bilobed and each lobe has three to four long bristles.
Petals are part of corollas.
Petals are part of perianths.
Petals are pearly and delicate-looking.
Petals are pollinated by insects.
Petals are purple to pale blue or white and fused into a funnel.
Petals are purplish or brown in colour.
Petals are really a type of leaf that protects the inner parts of the flower.
Petals are six, white and inserted between calyx lobes.
Petals are small but still colorful, usually the same color.
Petals are the colourful parts of a flower which are present inside the sepals.
Petals are the eye-catching part of the flower, and come in every color of the rainbow.
Petals are the lower and the larger than others and they have a spur.
Petals are the main attracting forces of the flower.
Petals are the most obvious parts of a flower.
Petals are thick and velvety, and the blooms last well as cut flowers.
Petals are twice as long as sepals.
Petals are usually absent.
Petals are usually yellow or white.
Petals are very wide and full with a wire gold edge.
Petals are very wide and full with rolling ruffles.
Petals are white and about as large as the sepals.
Petals are white to yellowish white, with reddish purple bases.
Petals are white with purple tinges.
Petals are white, lip blotched red.
Petals are wide and overlap.
Petals are wide and overlapping, with generous ruffles.
Petals are wide, overlap, and pinch at the ends.
Petals are yellow with a purple center.
Petals are yellowish, suffused with purple and purple veined.
Petals attract attention.
Petals attract butterflies.
Petals attract pollinators.
Petals attract pollinators.
Petals attract visual attention.
Petals attracts pollinators.
Petals become slimy and fall apart easily.
Petals begins with a convict ship arriving in Newport News, Virginia.
Petals bifid at apex.
Petals can advise on the most appropriate products and pricing.
Petals can develop a color breaking and leaves can pucker, become distorted, yellow, and abscise.
Petals can overlap.
Petals carry a few dark brown spots.
Petals come in bright yellow, blushing pink or immaculate white.
Petals completely separate when open.
Petals contain salycylic acid, blue dye, essential oils.
Petals deeply bifid to bilobed, or entire.
Petals deeply bifid, or bilobed, or fringed, or entire.
Petals deeply bifid, or entire.
Petals display full and complete double purple and gold picotee.
Petals drop from the pollinated flowers.
Petals drop off cleanly and have a moderate clove scent.
Petals drop off cleanly and have a strong clove fragrance.
Petals drop off cleanly.
Petals emerge from buds.
Petals entire, twice as long as the calyx, the claw bearded.
Petals exhibit a brown discoloration.
Petals fall off plants.
Petals fall quietly, birds call in the hills.
Petals flare asymmetrically.
Petals flare, sepals arch and recurve.
Petals have (part) leaf shapes.
Petals have (part) sections.
Petals have a lighter red chevron pattern and wide creamy beige borders.
Petals have a narrow white streak.
Petals have a wire edge of gold and are lightly ruffled and crimped.
Petals have a wire gold edge, sepals a white edge.
Petals have an unique blade, claw and ligule morphology in some species.
Petals have appearances.
Petals have brownish yellow streaks and small dark spots or bumps.
Petals have color.
Petals have green midribs and a white margin, stigma lobes are green.
Petals have maroon border.
Petals have outer surfaces.
Petals have similar shape and color like female insects to attract males and ensure pollination.
Petals have soft texture.
Petals have strike appearances.
Petals have surfaces.
Petals have tan spots.
Petals have texture.
Petals is no different.
Petals lose pigmentation, senesce early, and drop prematurely.
Petals made of seed pearls surround a large center pearl.
Petals make a soothing eye-wash and produce a yellow dye.
Petals minute or wanting.
Petals minute, shorter than the reflexed sepals.
Petals mount up steadily on the dais, to be removed in fists-full by an elder.
Petals obovate and notched, wrapped spirally around the projecting filaments and style.
Petals obovate and twice as long as the calyx.
Petals obovate or spatulate.
Petals obovate, ciliate at least along the apical margin.
Petals obovate, drooping or in- curved.
Petals obovate, emarginate, with inflexed lobes, the exterior radiating and bifid.
Petals obovate, entire, twice as long as the sepals.
Petals obovate, notched, purple.
Petals obovate, obtuse, about as long as the sepals.
Petals obovate, obtuse, entire, claw-like.
Petals overlap and have satin finish and diamond dusting.
Petals papillose, valvate, spreading.
Petals play an important role in attracting animal pollination to the flower.
Petals produces decorative accent products for the home.
Petals protect stamens.
Petals quickly turn pink with age.
Petals rapidly become yellow in the sun.
Petals roundish, wedge-shaped at the base.
Petals scalelike, obovate or subulate .
Petals seem angular in shape, with points at the end.
Petals shimmer in the candlelight.
Petals show a circle of red spots.
Petals show morphology typical of most flower parts.
Petals show pinpoint marks.
Petals sport heavy gold braiding.
Petals stay on plants.
Petals surround male and female reproductive parts.
Petals taper sharply toward the base of the flower.
Petals to attract insects.
Petals turn brown and are covered with gray, fungal growth.
Petals turn slightly backward, a somewhat short corona.
Petals twist lightly and gently recurve.
Petals valvate, spreading.
Petals often display bright colors that serve to attract pollinators.
Petals often wither early, but the sepals are persistent.
Petals usually connate.
All petals are diamond dusted.
Every petal has the seed.
Every petal is a sign that god is up above.
Every petal is linked with one quality.
Most petals are part of perianths.
Most petals are pollinated by insects.
Most petals attract attention.
Most petals attract butterflies.
Most petals attract pollinators.
Most petals attract visual attention.
Most petals emerge from buds.
Most petals fall off plants.
Most petals hang only on one side of the plant's stalk.
Most petals have appearances.
Most petals have color.
Most petals have outer surfaces.
Most petals have soft texture.
Most petals have strike appearances.
Most petals have surfaces.
Most petals have texture.
Most petals protect stamens.
Most petals stay on plants.
Some petals add bright color.
Some petals add color.
Some petals attract insects.
Some petals attract pollinate insects.
Some petals bear purple veins.
Some petals bear veins.
Some petals cause damage.
Some petals cause paralysis.
Some petals cause temporary paralysis.
Some petals contain pores.
Some petals contain starches.
Some petals expose pollen.
Some petals have bases.
Some petals have flavor.
Some petals have grassy flavor.
Some petals have mild flavor.
Some petals look like faces.
Some petals look like human faces.
Some petals remain plants.
Some petals surround stamens.
Some petals surround yellow stamens.
Petanque people are instinctively friendly.
Petanque people are like that.
Petcurean products feature an orange label.
A petechia is contusion
Petechia are tiny red dots often seen on the skin of a child with low number of platelets.
Petechia are tiny red dots on the skin caused by broken blood vessels or leaks in a capillary wall.
Petechia are tiny strawberry red blood dots.
Petechia are very small blood vessels that have leaked or bled.
Petechias are bruise.
Petechial hemorrhages are characteristic, especially in the preventricular mucosa.
Petechial hemorrhages follow the application of a blood pressure cuff.
Peter Island gets the award for a great snorkeling spot.
A peter is a member
Peters also holds a regular camp session in Virginia.
Peters also lists European agents on a few items.
Peters also sees diversity in backgrounds as a key to getting information to the warfighter.
Peters appreciates and delves into artists with cultural meaning.
Peters are people.
Peters are stalkers.
Peters can be very direct at times.
Peters dove one yard for the score.
Peters drum kit rising is alot better than the last tour.
Peters effectively captures another time and place.
Peters foresees two possible risks to children.
Peters have toothaches.
Peters knows how to build success.
Peters knows the value of good governmental relations.
Peters notes the dangers especially for children.
Peters now appeals.
Peters now has a balanced life that includes enough time for work and play.
Peters now works out of a suite of offices.
Peters quickly leaves the band.
Peters often encounters amusing moments when talking to children.
Many Peterbilt dealerships offer more apparel, accessories and gifts.
Peterborough business directories.
Peterson engineers follow a design philosophy that is also very conservative.
Most Peterson tuners are available in a rackmount format.
A petiole is a stem
Petiole emarginate with paired obtuse teeth dorsolaterally.
Petiole exudes a milky sap when broken.
Petiole exudes a milky sap when cut.
Petiole exudes milky sap when cut.
Petiole is big and compact at the base of the leaf.
Petiole is flat as it is on most Poplars.
Petiole is green or reddish in color.
Petiole is long and leaf blade is rolled in bud.
Petiole is tendrillar.
Petiole is the stemlike part of the leaf.
Petiole is winged and constricted at the point of union with lamina, tip is notched.
Petiole isa stem.
Petiole node more elevated and more angular than the other forms .
Petiole node roughly rectangular in profile.
Petiole node short, with a more or less domed profile although flatter dorsally.
Petiole rather slender in lateral view.
Petiole sheathing the base somethimes has wings.
Petiole smooth almost flat but dilated with the maximum in the posterior two-thirds.
Petiole stem that connects leaf blade to the main center stem.
Petiole strongly pedunculate, node rounded to cube-like, postpetiole rounded.
Petioles are a burgundy red adorned with lavender flowers.
Petioles are about half as long as the leaf blade.
Petioles are almost as long as the leaf blade.
Petioles are also hairy.
Petioles are as long as leaf blades and have retrorse prickles.
Petioles are as long as the blade.
Petioles are as long or longer than the leaves themselves.
Petioles are conspicuous on lower leaves but sometimes inconspicuous on the upper leaves.
Petioles are curled and thickened.
Petioles are deformed.
Petioles are green and sparsely pubescent.
Petioles are green without anthocyanin pigmentation.
Petioles are green.
Petioles are grooved, expanding at the base to clasp the stem.
Petioles are light green with red pigment at the base.
Petioles are long with sheathing at the base.
Petioles are long.
Petioles are longer on the leaves toward the base.
Petioles are longer on the leaves towards the base.
Petioles are often longer than the blades.
Petioles are present on lower leaves and absent in upper leaves.
Petioles are reddish along the top vein.
Petioles are short, stout, and orange.
Petioles are shorter and more stiff than normal.
Petioles are slender and short.
Petioles are slender and waxy.
Petioles are smooth and flattened.
Petioles are stalks.
Petioles are the best indicator of nitrogen status.
Petioles are upright, brittle, and commonly crack.
Petioles are used to plug up burrows, and for food.
Petioles are usually short.
Petioles are very short, barely exceeding the bud.
Petioles are winged.
Petioles gradually die back and fall.
Petioles have (part) corpi.
Petioles have (part) leaf nodes.
Petioles have (part) sections.
Petioles have a sheathing base.
Petioles have red pigmentation.
Petioles have wings.
Petioles remain green after the leaf blade dies.
Petioles rugulose, glabrous or hispidulose, exstipulate, the bases dilated and subsheathing.
Petioles stout, densely pubescent.
Petioles stout, occasionally winged and with small glands.
Petioles vary from absent to longer than the leaf blades and are channeled on the upper surface.
Petiole usually emarginate dorsally.
Petiole usually nodiform, without definite spines or teeth.
Most petioles have wings.
Some petioles arise from stems.
Some petioles have nodes.
Some petioles have thorns.
Some petioles look like leaves.
Some petioles remain stems.
Some petioles vary in length.
Petite wings let birds take off quickly and maneuver deftly through the air.
Petite women are just as likely as bigger women to be able to be fisted comfortably and pleasurably.
A petite is size
Petite histoire de l'oeil magique .
A petition is a message
Petition abates proceeding until board acts.
Petition also shows from which country petitioner renounced citizenship, and witnesses.
Petition arises out of lower court order refusing to modify agreed to alimony.
Petition drive underway.
Petition drives supporting or opposing legislation.
Petition includes a few signatures.
Petition is affirmed.
Petition is approved.
Petition is circulated and hundreds sign within two days.
Petition is denied.
Petition is granted.
Petition is left with the Clerk, etc.
Petition is made to the hierarch through the parish priest.
Petition is required.
Petition is synonymous with orphan petition.
Petition is the dimension of prayer most often highlighted through the Bible.
Petition is the lowest, the most rudimentary and the most elementary of all kinds of prayer.
Petition is the most characteristic feature of prayer.
Petition is the most direct method for the people to express their opinions.
Petition is to extend saving reign now, and fulfill it completely soon.
Petition looks awsuma, too.
Petition means a verified written request to the court for an order.
Petition means a written request to the court for an order.
Petition mentions access, lifestyle, and value of the parcel.
Petition prints on one sheet of legal paper.
Petition regularly provides current web sites of interest.
Petition satisfies the usual rules of grammar, punctuation, and spelling.
Petition seeks entry of dispositional order.
Petition turns to protest turns to anger.
Petition urges fisheries policy.
Petitions allege the actual charges against the juvenile.
Petitions also communicate that support for a particular position is organized back in the district.
Petitions also send a strong message that there are people for or against certain issues.
Petitions are a means for students to seek the waiving of an established university policy.
Petitions are a wonderful way for other people to help.
Petitions are always useful.
Petitions are an important part of prayer.
Petitions are another effective way to influence elected officials.
Petitions are available at any of the county assessor's offices or online.
Petitions are available at city halls.
Petitions are available at either of our offices.
Petitions are available for new collegiate and alumni chapters through the headquarters.
Petitions are available for new collegiate and alumni chapters.
Petitions are available from departmental offices.
Petitions are available from the counselors.
Petitions are available in Counseling.
Petitions are available in most academic offices.
Petitions are available in the deans' offices.
Petitions are available in the departmental office.
Petitions are demands for a favour or for the redressment of an injustice.
Petitions are downloadable from the web site.
Petitions are everywhere for people to sign.
Petitions are highly effective as well.
Petitions are in the streets today.
Petitions are more likely to be filed in cases involving older children.
Petitions are more likely to be filed when children have a history of problems at home or at school.
Petitions are poor substitutes for letters, but they do serve a valuable purpose.
Petitions are proposals to change the rules of the game in some way, and are written in English.
Petitions are requests to petition the court to grant citizenship.
Petitions are sometimes out of chronological order and occasionally undated.
Petitions are to be submitted at the earliest possible time prior to the final examination.
Petitions are valuable in that they indicate where the early inhabitants lived.
Petitions are, therefore, dismissed.
Petitions can be an effective political strategy.
Petitions demonstrate group strength.
Petitions expressing several points of view are available for signature.
Petitions furnish the main substance, as in all praying.
Petitions generally have minimal impact.
Petitions Have a look at some successful citizen's petitions against media violence.
Petitions have minimal impact.
Petitions help show whether strong resident support for speed humps exists.
Petitions interview and pardon.
Petitions keep flowing in from all corners of the globe.
Petitions regarding the U.S. bombing of Iraq are here .
Petitions remain untouched, along with the Doxology and the great Amen.
Petitions requesting course exemption are to be submitted after the student has begun the program.
Petitions require careful preparation by the submitter.
Petitions require concurrence by the program coordinator and department chair.
Petitions require the complete address of both parties and any attorneys.
Petitions show date, nature of request, and petitioners' signatures.
Petitions show date, text of petition, and signatures of petitioners.
Petitions show date, text of request, and petitioners' signatures.
Petitions show the petitioner s name and the defendant s name, age, sex, and the charge.
Petitions signed by colleagues are welcome, but details about the best cook are helpful.
Every petition is individual.
More petitions are available at the office.
More petitions are available.
Most petitions have a common format.
Most petitions proceed to adjudicatory hearings.
Some petitions are available for downloading.
Some petitions are still open.
Some petitions require a long list of different forms and supporting documents.
Some petitions require addresses as proof that the signers are taxpayers in the area.
Some petitions require fees.
Some petitions require supporting documentation.
Ring says the issue of a unicameral legislature needs to be studied.
Ring says there's just supposed to be one victor.
Ring says there's no indication of foul play in the case.
Ring serves on several other state and local boards.
Ring shanks holds tight.
Ring sharing The benefits associated with SMES are wide ranging.
Ring shown has straight edges.
Ring simply concentrates Canadian sites on one ring.
Ring snugs down and pinches the wire against the shaft.
Ring stand or other type of hanger support.
Ring stand with clamp.
Ring stands up on pool bottom.
Ring suggests several approaches for helping students to read critically.
Ring tail a serious fault, gay tail a fault.
Ring touches upon crucial themes and issues with courage and theoretical sophistication.
Rings add a new and different challenge.
Rings also speak of restoration.
Rings appear as gray vertical stripes on the plot.
Rings appear on average bluer than the disc as a whole.
Rings are a basic concept of Macaulay .
Rings are a way to link many sites with similar interests.
Rings are also available separately.
Rings are also avaliable with an anchor cable for campground use.
Rings are an ancient symbol of love.
Rings are an ancient symbol, blessed and simple.
Rings are at front.
Rings are available in bronze without stones.
Rings are available in goldtone or silvertone.
Rings are available in sizes shown.
Rings are available in whole sizes only.
Rings are better for ears and other body parts.
Rings are blue.
Rings are circular and without end to symbolize eternal love.
Rings are clues to galactic dynamical history.
Rings are color coated with high-pressure tubing.
Rings are convenient ways to find other web information in a related topic.
Rings are conversation pieces.
Rings are corrosion resistant aluminum.
Rings are custom, one of a kind, as is all our work.
Rings are dead or dying everywhere.
Rings are dynamic and probably short-lived in geologic terms.
Rings are easier to navigate than long lists.
Rings are either gold or blue.
Rings are excellent ways of continuously finding specific subject orientated websites.
Rings are exchanged between the married couple, following which they kiss.
Rings are fully adjustable to different heights.
Rings are gapped and positioned.
Rings are good.
Rings are great.
Rings are in order of oldest to newest.
Rings are jewelry.
Rings are located in boxs.
Rings are located in fingers.
Rings are located in gyms.
Rings are located in jewelry stores.
Rings are located in malls.
Rings are located in parks.
Rings are located in pockets.
Rings are located in stores.
Rings are located in wedding ceremony.
Rings are located in windowsills.
Rings are lots of fun to paw around in.
Rings are more stable because data can only flow in one direction along a common path.
Rings are narrow, and contain concentrations of particles called ring arcs.
Rings are non-returnable after sizing.
Rings are often worth more than broaches because they are rarer.
Rings are our specialty.
Rings are part of algebra.
Rings are part of south parks.
Rings are platforms.
Rings are removable and spacing can be altered.
Rings are returnable.
Rings are Rigid , very Uncomfortable , and Dangerous .
Rings are round like the sun, round like the course of the stars.
Rings are similar structures to that of integers .
Rings are similar structures to that of integers.
Rings are sound.
Rings are special they are symbols of overt and hidden obligations.
Rings are the best way to help our visitors find other pages like the ones they are enjoying.
Rings are transverse wrinkles that appear from the shrinking of the root.
Rings are used for decoration.
Rings are used for fingers.
Rings are used for symbolisms.
Rings are used for wearing.
Rings are usually silver, sometimes very simple, sometimes beautifully engraved.
Rings are very thin compared to their width.
Rings arise from singular events like the destruction of a ringmoon or comet.
Rings attach hanging decorations to each of the three rectangles.
Rings attached at mouthpiece allows double rein attachment.
Rings Be a part of a subject-related ring, where every member's page includes a ring's banner.
Rings bell again.
Rings break across the page.
Rings can also be bi-directional.
Rings can cut deeply into fingers and bracelets can get caught in reins or lead lines.
Rings can fuse with other rings on an edge to give polycyclic compounds .
Rings can react with chemicals or puncture laboratory gloves.
Rings cause sound.
Rings Click on a thumbnail to view item details.
Rings combines visual art with literature and music.
Rings come in several heights.
Rings cost a lot of money.
Rings create specialty pot and plant displays.
Rings cut from plastic sheet are most durable since no stresses, etc.
Rings differ from webs primarily by being thicker and involving more of the wall of the esophagus.
Rings do their work, and break.
Rings fit a standard taper.
Rings form a concentration of sites, allowing visitors to quickly find what they are looking for.
Rings get bigger every year as fungus grows.
Rings get their start often as a cluster of mushrooms noted after heavy rains or an irrigation.
Rings glow in the depths.
Rings grow indefinitely but break up and become hard to recognise.
Rings have an amazing part in human history.
Rings have features.
Rings have magic properties.
Rings have the clear benefit of simplicity, which lets carriers sleep at night.
Rings includes various rings.
Rings is the ultimate cinematic trip.
Rings leave the factory ready to use, but a little bit of grinding and filing makes the job easier.
Rings lift out for wok cooking.
Rings link with sham clinics or unscrupulous doctors, chiropractors and lawyers.
Rings link, rings unlink.
Rings lock into receiver dovetail for a strong, precise mount.
Rings look better on our fingers.
Rings make the arms appear longer.
Rings make the energy felt, much stronger.
Rings pose another danger.
Rings provide high flexibility for front or back vertical management.
Rings remain a problem for the team as scores continue to hover around the low nines.
Rings remain free for excellent compression, and exhaust emissions are greatly reduced.
Rings remind chains.
Rings seem fairly symmetrical around the planet, but there is some clumpiness.
Rings serve two primary purposes.
Rings shipped overnight are available in stock size only.
Rings slide to provide support against individual fingers.
Rings snap bach together easly and quickly.
Rings stack in any order for greater success.
Rings stand up on pool bottom.
Rings stick if deposits of carbon and varnish form on the rings or ring grooves.
Rings symbolize V rumaa and it's people.
Ring usually comes out at or near the top of any search.
Rings usually take longer than navaratnas to supply.
All rings are a collection small particles orbiting the planet in complex ways.
All rings are adjustable and are sold as a set.
All rings are available in either Yellow or White gold.
All rings are available on flat or domed stock.
All rings are concentric.
All rings are custom-made and hand crafted.
All rings are of black steel, unpainted.
All rings are quite substantial in weight, with rounded inside edges.
All rings are silver.
All rings are sized - please allow one additional week for ring sizing.
All rings bear their grade identification engraved.
All rings come in a variety of carat weights.
All rings come in lovely gift box.
All rings come in lovely velvet ring box, ready to be given as a gift.
All rings come in velvet ring box.
All rings contain unicellular polyurethane foam for buoyancy.
Every ring brings the joy of anticipation.
Every ring comes with a satin pouch gift box.
Every ring contains valuable information and formulas.
Every Ring has a certain amount of charges.
Every ring is designed and created in our studios here in Concord.
Every ring is entirely hand crafted and created using classical jewelry making techniques.
Every ring is signed by the artist.
Most rings accept submissions.
Most rings are available in all sizes and are in stock.
Most rings have features.
Some rings affect own survival.
Some rings affect survival.
Some rings also have a central site operated by the ringmaster.
Some rings are a bit demure.
Some rings are small and some can be enormous but all are fun, with a lot of personal sites.
Some rings disappear for a year or more and then reappear.
Some rings disappear unexpectedly for a year or more and then suddenly reappear.
Some Rings even host regional magic conventions.
Some rings have a tendency to be to heavy and roll around.
Some rings have appearances.
Some rings have faces.
Some rings have fur.
Some rings have pressure.
Some rings have seats designated as contrabarrera which are the next rows to the barrier seats.
Some rings have substitution.
Some rings indicate ages.
Some rings mark boundaries.
Some rings mark territory.
Some rings send traffic in only one direction, other ring networks send traffic in both directions.
Some rings suggest the effect of rainfall that year.
Some rings surround eyes.
Some rings surround fingers.
Some rings use voting to select who joins, most seem to be run by individuals.
Ringback tone is heard.
Ringed barrel is easy to grip and feels good in the hand.
Ringed engines use an aluminum or iron piston that moves inside an iron sleeve.
Ringed seal are an important food item in particular for polar bears .
Ringed seal are an important food item in particular for polar bears.
Ringed seal are an important food item in particular for polar bears.C .
Ringed seals are a critical prey item for polar bears in the North.
Ringed seals are a favorite food of polar bears.
Ringed seals are a staple of the polar bear diet.
Ringed seals are hunted all year, while harp seals are only available during the summer.
Ringed seals are mammals.
Ringed seals are one of the main prey of polar bears .
Ringed seals are one of the main prey of polar bears.
Ringed seals are the bears' principal prey.
Ringed seals are the main prey of polar bears that catch about one seal every six and a half days.
Ringed seals are the most abundant seal in the Arctic.
Ringed seals are ubiquitous.
Ringed seals depend on the sea ice, which they rest on and mate below.
Ringed seals eat a wide variety of small prey .
Ringed seals eat a wide variety of small prey.
Ringed seals eat invertebrates and fish like cod, squid, shrimp, and crustaceans.
Ringed seals feed mainly on polar cod and shrimp-like animals.
Ringed seals haul out on the ice to bask in the sun.
Ringed seals live throughout the Arctic Ocean.
Ringed seals make lairs in the snow and ice for protection from predators and thermal shelter.
Ringed seals occur throughout the Arctic Ocean .
Ringed seals require solid ice for pupping, which makes the pups more vulnerable to predators.
Ringed seals reside in arctic waters and are commonly associated with ice floes and pack ice.
Ringed sideroblasts are present.
A ringer is a throw
Ringer allows the answering machine to ring like a telephone.
Ringer Correctly conclusive, yes.
Ringer features beep-horn and flashing headlight.
Ringer features LED flash and red alert sounder.
Ringer is a young taekwondo practitioner who was born and raised in Dallas, Texas.
Ringer is authorized to specify person by pass code only.
Ringer takes the behaviorally descriptive interview principle to a still higher plane.
Ringer turns cord on.
Ringers are accustomed to the attention, good or bad, and can handle themselves.
Ringers are available in red or black.
Ringers are available.
Ringers are doubles.
Ringers are of all ages and come from all walks of life.
Ringers are throws.
Ringers are to be turned off prior to entering the library.
Ringers can become euphoric about such episodes.
Ringers have incredible amounts of experience with online communities and lists.
Ringers have to be in possession of a police ringing licence.
Ringers joins with other area church bell choirs for an Ecumenical Festival of Bells each spring.
Ringers lactate solution is imported and readily available.
Ringers like to get together with others of similar interests.
Ringers tend to draw fans and spark debate.
All ringers are busy.
All ringers count towards total ringer percentages.
Ringing are surroundings.
A ringleader is a firebrand
Ringleaders face federal conspiracy and alien-trafficking charges.
RingLeaders speak before thousands of people every year at many conferences worldwide.
Ringlegged earwig is widespread, but African earwig is limited to southwestern states.
A ringlet is a butterfly
Ringlets add much to the beauty of the picture.
A ringmaster is a host
Ringmaster gives poor folks a shot.
Ringmaster is a fictional account of the exploits of two sets of future guests.
Ringmaster is solely responsible for adding or removing the sites submitted.
Ringmaster is the height of tackiness, a low-life jamboree.
Ringmaster reserves the right to remove anything determined offensive, inappropriate or stupid.
Ringmasters also help to develop virtual communities based on the ring topic.
Ringmasters can customize their rings however they want.
RingMasters can manage their Ring.
RingMasters still have a wide range of management functions.
Ringtail cats are extremely clean animals.
Ringtail cats have claws.
Most ringtail cats have claws.
Some ringtail cats have rings.
Ringtail lemurs are notorious for their ring spoted tails, sun-bathing, and highly territorial.
Ringtail lemurs have large sebaceous glands over their clavicles.
Ringtail possums build nests from tree branches and occasionally use tree hollows.
Ringtail possums gain much of their gross energy from reingestion.
Ringtail possums have eyes.
Most ringtail possums have eyes.
Some ringtail possums are classified as lists.
Some ringtail possums have distribution.
Some ringtail possums have extensive distribution.
Some ringtail possums have surfaces.
Some ringtail possums have twins.
Some ringtail possums occupy ranges.
Some ringtail possums occupy stable home ranges.
A ringtail is an eagle
Ringtail isa mammal.
Ringtail possums prefer forests of dense brush, particularly eucalyptus forests.
Ringtails also combine chemistry with defensive body language.
Ringtails also feed on nectar from agaves.
Ringtails are a little larger than squirrels, with tails like a raccoon and a face like a fox.
Ringtails are another unusual animal.
Ringtails are cat sized animals that resemble a mix between a fox and a raccoon.
Ringtails are excellent climbers and can maneuver cliffs and ledges by ricocheting off of walls.
Ringtails are golden eagles.
Ringtails are nocturnal , cat-sized carnivores .
Ringtails are nocturnal and solitary, except during mating season.
Ringtails are omnivores but seem to prefer meat.
Ringtails are omnivorous.
Ringtails are primarily carnivorous but also do eat other food like plants, fruit, and insects.
Ringtails are prone to obesity when fed dog food or cat food.
Ringtails are shy, nocturnal creatures and are seen by relatively few people.
Ringtails are small, slender animals, about two and one-half feet long.
Ringtails are so polite.
Ringtails are solitary animals, except during mating season, and are nocturnal.
Ringtails are strictly herbivorous.
Ringtails eat small rodents, insects, fruits, and berries.
Ringtails enjoy diets.
Ringtails enjoy food diets.
Ringtails have (part) brains.
Ringtails have (part) breasts.
Ringtails have (part) cell membranes.
Ringtails have (part) cells.
Ringtails have (part) chest cavities.
Ringtails have (part) chests.
Ringtails have (part) corpi.
Ringtails have (part) cytoplasm.
Ringtails have (part) ears.
Ringtails have (part) faces.
Ringtails have (part) heads.
Ringtails have (part) nuclei.
Ringtails have (part) pedal extremities.
Ringtails have (part) piluses.
Ringtails have (part) plasma membranes.
Ringtails have (part) rib cages.
Ringtails have (part) sections.
Ringtails have (part) skulls.
Ringtails have (part) sterna.
Ringtails have (part) vacuoles.
Ringtails have (part) vertebrate feet.
Ringtails have a thin, tapering tail, and the last third of it is white.
Ringtails have furry feet with hairless pads, and each has five toes, with semi-retractable claws.
Ringtails have several predators such as great-horned owls, snakes, and domestic cats and dogs.
Ringtails live in the western United States from southern Oregon and Colorado down to Mexico.
Ringtails make a variety of sounds, including clicks and chatters reminiscent of raccoons.
Ringtails occur in habitats.
Ringtails spend the day in a den which is often lined with soft moss, leaves, or grass.
Ringtails squeak, chitter, grunt, growl and hiss.
Most ringtails enjoy diets.
Most ringtails enjoy food diets.
Most ringtails occur in habitats.
Some ringtails eat fish.
Some ringtails eat reptiles.
Some ringtails enjoy fruit.
Some ringtails have places.
Some ringtails have protection.
Some ringtails look like squirrels.
Some ringtails occur in areas.
Some ringtails use tails.
Ringtailed lemurs are one of the most vocal primates.
Ringtailed lemurs have a four and a half month gestation.
Ringworm fungus causes a circular patch of hair loss almost anywhere on the body.
Ringworm infection causes symptoms.
Most ringworm infection causes symptoms.
Ringworm lesions appear circular in shape with a raised border around the edges.
Ringworm lesions are red, scaly and round.
Ringworm lesions become redder, painful and ooze pus.
Ringworm appears as a red, circular, flat sore that is sometimes accompanied by scaly skin.
Ringworm appears to be an irregularly shaped area of partial or complete hair loss with crusts.
Ringworm can also come from rats and mice.
Ringworm can also occur in the scalp, usually in children.
Ringworm can cause flaky bald patches that sometimes look red in the center.
Ringworm can spread by direct contact with infected people or animals.
Ringworm can take many forms however.
Ringworm creates a dry, circular skin sore, which looks a bit like a mini-crater on the moon.
Ringworm damages areas.
Ringworm is a common fungal disease of the skin.
Ringworm is a common skin disease caused due to fungal attacks on the skin.
Ringworm is a contagious form of hair loss, most common in children.
Ringworm is a contagious fungal infection of the skin that has nothing to do with worms.
Ringworm is a contagious fungal infection of the skin.
Ringworm is a fungal disease of the skin that is transmitted by contact.
Ringworm is a fungal disease which can also be transmitted to humans.
Ringworm is a fungal infection of the skin or scalp.
Ringworm is a fungal infection of the skin.
Ringworm is a fungal infection that can affect any part of the body.
Ringworm is a fungal infection that can cause patchy hair loss.
Ringworm is a fungal infection that is treated with topical creams.
Ringworm is a fungal infection.
Ringworm is a fungus and tea tree oil is a very powerful, herbal anti-fungal.
Ringworm is a fungus infection of the skin.
Ringworm is a fungus that can cause hair loss.
Ringworm is a fungus that lives on and in hair.
Ringworm is a fungus that requires a warm, moist environment to grow.
Ringworm is a fungus.
Ringworm is a mild infection caused by different fungi.
Ringworm is a particular challenge to eradicate through disinfection.
Ringworm is a serious problem in places with multiple cats.
Ringworm is a skin disease caused by a fungus.
Ringworm is a skin infection caused by dermatophytic fungi.
Ringworm is a superficial skin infection, also known as tinea.
Ringworm is actually a fungal infection called dermatophytosis.
Ringworm is actually a fungus and can be transferred to both humans and other animals.
Ringworm is actually an infection in the dead layer of the skin, hair, and nails.
Ringworm is an infection caused by tiny organisms called fungi, which feed on the keratin.
Ringworm is an infectious disease with zoonotic potential.
Ringworm is caused by fungi.
Ringworm is caused by parasitic fungi.
Ringworm is common.
Ringworm is considered to be a zoonotic disease, or one that can be transferred from pets to humans.
Ringworm is contagious as it spreads through contact.
Ringworm is contagious as long as active lesions are present.
Ringworm is contagious both to goats and to humans .
Ringworm is contagious to humans and other animals.
Ringworm is contagious to humans, particularly to children and to other household pets.
Ringworm is contagious to people, so it is very important to handle infected animals with care.
Ringworm is contagious.
All rules have exceptions.
All rules have loopholes.
All rules have three parts.
All rules have two associated counters, a packet count and a byte count.
All rules pertaining to motorcycle eliminator in the division apply.
All rules potentially have loopholes .
All rules react on information in the header.
All rules regarding check and mate are the same as in standard chess.
All rules regarding safety glasses are important.
All rules remain full thrust style unless otherwise noted here.
All rules stay the same as in usual chess .
All rules work because they are the result of centuries of experimentation.
Any rule can be change without prior notice.
Any rules apply only to Calgary and Edmonton law firms.
Any rules are better than no rules.
Any rules are to be prominently displayed.
Any rules shown in non-italic type are identical for all leagues.
Every rule consists of two fields, a selector field and an action field.
Every rule discussed here applies to hybrid seed as well as to nonhybrid seed.
Every rule has a good reason for being in the game.
Every rule has a name.
Every rule has a number that is equal to an index in the array of type string.
Every rule has a number.
Every rule has an exception and every opportunity a pitfall.
Every rule has an exception.
Every rule has exceptions, of course, but here are some general principles for most essays.
Every rule has exceptions.
Every rule has three parts, a condition, a separator and an action.
Every rule is broken routinely and effectively.
Many rules also can have side effects.
Many rules apply to personal names.
Many rules are even unwritten.
Many rules are for a parent's benefit.
Many rules are simply an effort to help things run smoothly in a community of people.
Many rules concerning food are taboos on eating certain types of meat.
Many rules exist for the sole purpose of discouraging new competition.
Many rules exist to assure safety, health, a pleasant experience, and high probability of later use.
Many rules fail when subject to multiple warnings and erratic enforcement.
Many rules govern the care and use of animals.
Many rules offer dramatically worse deals.
Many rules proceed through the milestones described above.
Most rules affect government.
Most rules affect small government.
Most rules apply decisions.
Most rules apply to areas.
Most rules apply to conditions.
Most rules apply to ideal conditions.
Most rules apply to people.
Most rules are in the game to confuse the players, which is the point of the game.
Most rules are just common sense guidelines regarding noise and parking.
Most rules are one point.
Most rules are still in paperform though, so please expect to pay for the mail.
Most rules are the same as regulation soccer, except there's no offside.
Most rules change over time.
Most rules contribute to problems.
Most rules depend on basic parameters.
Most rules depend on parameters.
Most rules drive behavior.
Most rules govern behavior.
Most rules govern consequences.
Most rules govern conversions.
Most rules govern distribution.
Most rules govern motion.
Most rules govern outcomes.
Most rules govern reproduction.
Most rules govern selections.
Most rules have a transparent background.
Most rules have benefits.
Most rules have examples.
Most rules have exceptions.
Most rules have impact.
Most rules have just one action at the end of the rule, following all the components.
Most rules have minor impact.
Most rules help students.
Most rules influence effectiveness.
Most rules make differences.
Most rules make little differences.
Most rules prevent the men from attacking the women during the match.
Most rules provide guidance.
Most rules reflect benefits.
Most rules require energy.
Most rules require knowledge.
Most rules require use.
Most rules save life.
Most rules take effects.
Some rules actually interfere with society's ability to meet important goals.
Some rules affect markets.
Some rules also appear on ebay sites for the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada and Australia.
Some rules also declare the winner after one fall.
Some rules apply statewide, others to specific jurisdictions.
Some rules apply to all games.
Some rules apply to channels.
Some rules apply to commercial facilities.
Some rules apply to compounds.
Some rules apply to devices.
Some rules apply to distribution.
Some rules apply to facilities.
Some rules apply to game hunters.
Some rules apply to goods.
Some rules apply to health information.
Some rules apply to heat.
Some rules apply to hunters.
Some rules apply to incidents.
Some rules apply to information.
Some rules apply to mammals.
Some rules apply to medical devices.
Some rules apply to members.
Some rules apply to net meter facilities.
Some rules apply to owners.
Some rules apply to pet owners.
Some rules apply to products.
Some rules apply to radios.
Some rules apply to ranges.
Some rules apply to responsible pet owners.
Some rules apply to the form of a password.
Some rules apply, ask for details.
Some rules apply, see inside for details.
Some rules apply.
Some rules are already in place to address water-quality issues.
Some rules are already in place.
Some rules are already online.
Some rules are also available in HTML format.
Some rules are different.
Some rules are exceptional things.
Some rules are extremely important to the integrity and medicolegal standing of the medical record.
Some rules are good, and some are pretty dumb.
Some rules are in order here.
Some rules are more favorable to the casinos while others favor the player more.
Some rules are more flexible than others.
Some rules are more important than others.
Some rules are necessary.
Some rules are unchanged.
Some rules are very simple but easy to overlook or forget.
Some rules blanket all dormitories.
Some rules can be checked automatically, the others are rules for manual inspection.
Some rules change games.
Some rules change landscapes.
Some rules change life.
Some rules change regulatory landscapes.
Some rules determine patterns.
Some rules determine status.
Some rules elect only centrists, some elect moderates, and others are just erratic.
Some rules evolve over centuries.
Some rules evolve over few centuries.
Some rules evolve over last centuries.
Some rules evolve over last few centuries.
Some rules govern aspects.
Some rules govern conservation.
Some rules govern construction.
Some rules govern division.
Some rules govern games.
Some rules govern growth.
Some rules govern hosts.
Some rules govern the status and distribution of women in science.
Some rules governing U.S. visas and immigration status are quite complicated.
Some rules governing U.S. visas and immigration status are quite detailed.
Some rules have to be established about branches that probably contain the new bug.
Some rules have to be observed.
Some rules involve tests.
Some rules lead to actions.
Some rules limit opportunity.
Some rules limit protection.
Some rules naturally incline one toward particular kinds of settings.
Some rules play an announcement sound.
Some rules predict elevation.
Some rules provide descriptions.
Some rules reduce cost.
Some rules reduce transaction cost.
Some rules relate to ages.
Some rules relate to patients.
Some rules require marriages.
Some rules require operations.
Some rules require students.
Some rules require visitors.
Some rules resist partially, before whatever persons upon the servant left.
Some rules result in reductions.
Some rules take places.
Some rules transfer to other search engines.
Some rules vary depending on the type of plan.
Ruled surface are surfaces that can be generated by moving a line in space.
A ruler is a person
Ruler appears in picture for scaling purpose.
Ruler has no internal boundaries, and there are less than half of the holes occupied at the start.
Ruler has total control.
Ruler is a toggle switch.
Ruler isa measuring device.
Ruler see above .
Ruler works by measuring the level of antioxidant additives in the oil.
Rulers act to better themselves.
Rulers also come in a variety of lengths .
Rulers also come in a variety of lengths.
Rulers are a foot long.
Rulers are always crazy.
Rulers are born, they live and die, demonstrating mutability and frailty as they do so.
Rulers are different in drawing and text modes.
Rulers are for measuring things.
Rulers are Jupiter and Sagittarius.
Rulers are located in cabinets.
Rulers are located in desks.
Rulers are located in drawers.
Rulers are located in offices.
Rulers are long and skinny and if they're really long, then they're a yardstick.
Rulers are necessary, both to punish the evil and to reward the good.
Rulers are people.
Rulers are quick and easy to use but have poor resolution.
Rulers are responsible for nurturing obedience and morality in society as a whole.
Rulers are slaves of their means.
Rulers are special people which can summon monsters.
Rulers are straights.
Rulers are The Moon and Cancer.
Rulers are to be treated with respect.
Rulers are used for measures.
Rulers are used for measuring.
Rulers can rule only insofar as they have the tacit or active support of the ruled.
Rulers come in many different forms.
Rulers Find heads of state worldwide.
Rulers get rich while everyone else starves.
Rulers go down in history largely on the basis of what others say.
Rulers have (part) sections.
Rulers have effects.
Rulers have power.
Rulers implement a correspondence between units and numbers.
Rulers institute isolationism policies and conservatism.
Rulers is the core of Regulus.
Rulers Locate current and past leaders of most countries around the world.
Rulers make it easy to cut and measure exact length and width of paper pieces.
Rulers Making Sounds With Rulers Use a ruler to investigate how size affects sound.
Rulers measure length .
Rulers measure length.
Rulers move when scrolling in preview window.
Rulers provides a list of the current heads of state and other leaders from around the world.
Rulers rule and rule autonomously.
Rulers always find excuses to stay on in power.
Rulers always justify their actions with high words and lofty claims.
All rulers are designed to be used to measure from one mark on the scale to another.
All rulers are responsible for collecting taxes and providing troops for the crown.
Many rulers list the inches on one side but also list centimeters and millimeters on the other side.
Most Rulers are partial to cats.
Most rulers have effects.
Most rulers have power.
Some rulers are bigger than others but they are all marked off in inches.
Some rulers have characteristics.
Some rulers make it confusing as to which are centimeters and which are millimeters.
Some rulers speak of their own dynastic deity.
A rulership is a position
Rulership is inevitably anti-social.
Rules committee is powerful.
Rules girls are realists.
Rules girls can be feminists.
Ruling classes degenerate by reason of their lazy indulgence in obvious gratifications.
Rum cake is another popular choice as is the Zabaglione with fruit sauce.
Rum punch is popular but often over-sweet.
Rum flows freely.
Rum gains a slight yellow to brown color as it ages in oak barrels.
Rum helps hide the taste of bitter herbs.
Rum hides better within the jello than vodka, though either works pretty well.
Rum is a bizarre place of contrasts.
Rum is a cards
Rum is a liquor made from sugar cane juice, fermented and distilled.
Rum is about as cheap as purified water.
Rum is alcoholic beverages.
Rum is also year-based.
Rum is cheap.
Rum is cool.
Rum is drunk night and day, and the proceedings generally are disgraceful.
Rum is hard liquor.
Rum is hot.
Rum is just too easy.
Rum is liquor.
Rum is made by crushing sugar cane between heavy rollers.
Rum is made from fermented molasses or sugar cane juice.
Rum is made from sugar cane using yeast fermentation.
Rum is probably the other most popular alcohol sold for the Super Bowl.
Rum is very good.
Rum sure is a lot sweeter with the sugar.
Most rums are unaged, colorless and bottled immediately after distilling.
Some rums are very powerful.
Rumen ciliate protozoology.
Rumen inert fat sources include calcium salts of fatty acids and hydrogenated fats.
Rumen inert fats for lactating dairy cows.
Rumble Fish is a minor treasure in the making.
Rumble mode seems to be the most fun to play.
A rumble seat is a seat
Rumble seat lifts up to reveal coin slot.
Rumble strips are a cheap way to save lives.
Rumble strips are a more likely first step, according to the lawmakers.
Rumble strips are noisy.
Rumble strips are raised lines placed horizontally on a road.
Rumble strips are small indentations or narrow raised strips on the highway or shoulder.
Rumble strips improve highway safety in other ways as well.
A rumble is noise
Rumble adds alot to the experiance.
Rumble isa noise.
Rumble turns to grind The rattle started innocuously enough, but then they always do.
Rumbles are produced during mild arousal and some appear to be infrasonic.
Rumens are very easy to upset.
Most ruminal bacteria can use ammonia nitrogen as a source of nitrogen.
Ruminal detoxification can become over-saturated, resulting in gossypol toxicity.
Ruminant anesthesia poses problems.
Ruminant animals appear to be more susceptible to poisoning than horses.
Ruminant animals are able to utilize a portion of both types of protein.
Ruminant animals are much more tolerant to vomitoxin.
Ruminant animals can use the nitrogen in nitrates to produce protein.
Ruminant animals chew food.
Ruminant animals have a lot of room in their rumens.
Ruminant animals have stomachs.
Most ruminant animals chew food.
Ruminant eosinophils have many small very round orange granules.
Ruminant herbivores ingest materials.
Ruminant herbivores ingest plant materials.
Ruminant nutrition is the third course our students take in animal nutrition.
Ruminant physiology allows efficient use of coarse vegetation in semi-arid and arid regions.
A ruminant is a hoofed mammal
Ruminant has no amino acid requirement.
Ruminant means to chew the cud.
Ruminants adjust their intake in response to their energy requirements.
Ruminants also produce methane gas.
Ruminants are able to detoxify or transform mycotoxins to other metabolites, mostly less harmful.
Ruminants are animals that chew cuds, including cows, sheep, goats, deer and elk.
Ruminants are animals that chew their cuds, including cattle, sheep, goats, deer and elk.
Ruminants are animals.
Ruminants are another group that tends to have sacculated colons.
Ruminants are especially good at breaking down and utilizing forages.
Ruminants are foregut fermenters, that consume lower quantities of higher quality vegetation.
Ruminants are herbivores.
Ruminants are mammals that can break down cellulose.
Ruminants are much more tolerant of vomitoxin than are many monogastric species such as swine.
Ruminants are nevertheless susceptible to the deleterious effects of molds and mycotoxins in feed.
Ruminants are particularly dependent upon gluconeogenesis.
Ruminants are particularly susceptible.
Ruminants are placental mammals.
Ruminants are quadrupeds.
Ruminants are terrestrial organisms.
Ruminants can always better utilize low quality feed.
Ruminants can develop a life-threatening bloat.
Ruminants can usually survive on relatively poor ground unsuitable for other species.
Ruminants can utilize dietary starch, but very little of it is absorbed as glucose.
Ruminants chew their food more than once.
Ruminants contract the disease primarily through ingestion of soilborne anthrax spores.
Ruminants convert roughage into usable foodstuff.
Ruminants eat and digest plant-based food.
Ruminants eat quickly and swallow their food at first without much chewing.
Ruminants generally eat quickly, swallow their meal into a large stomach chamber called the rumen.
Ruminants generally have their thiamin needs met by the thiamin production of the rumen microflora.
Ruminants have a fore-stomach with four chambers.
Ruminants have a four-chambered stomach.
Ruminants have an ability to convert some nitrate to usable products.
Ruminants have an even number of toes on each foot and a stomach with either three or four chambers.
Ruminants have different capacities to convert nitrate into nitrite and finally to ammonia.
Ruminants have multi chambered stomachs, capable of digesting rough vegetation.
Ruminants have special stomachs that can digest grasses to make nutritious foods and other products.
Ruminants lack upper incisors and generally upper canines as well.
Ruminants produce prodigious quantities of saliva.
Ruminants provide the bulk of the industrial world's protein.
Ruminants regurgitate food and rechew it to help with the digestive process.
Ruminants regurgitate their food and chew cud.
Ruminants require fiber or roughage to ensure proper function of the rumen.
Ruminants use bacteria in rumen to digest fibrous cellulose.
Ruminants weep most readily.
All ruminants are susceptible.
All ruminants require fibre in their diet, as do horses.
Rumination disorder is treated with behavioral techniques such as mild aversive training.
Rumination can be very upsetting to the individual as well.
Rumination can therefore evoke emotional responses.
Rumination enables cows to chew grass more completely, which improves digestion.
Rumination enhances the breakdown and fermentation of fiber.
Rumination is chew.
Rumination is consideration
Rumination is the regurgitation, remastication, resalivation, and reswallowing of food.
Rumination is vomit.
Rumination occurs in both males and females.
Ruminations is a collection of humorous stories and reflections about college life.
Rumination often remits spontaneously.
Rumor is gossip
Rumor is gossip.
Rumor is information.
Rumors abound about a discovery.
Rumors abound about new hardware offerings and updates to the existing lineup.
Rumors abound about other channels and stations moving with the tide.
Rumors abound about UFOs and aliens.
Rumors abound about what it takes to play there.
Rumors abound about wolf sightings or wolves howling at night north of Cross Village.
Rumors abound after many accidents.
Rumors abound and there is no doubt that mergers and acquisitions are going to happen.
Rumors abound as to whether the molds, which are almost indestructible, still exist.
Rumors abound in that ancient abacus culture that now favors handheld-calculators and cell phones.
Rumors abound of an unfaithful wife, but no one knows for sure.
Rumors abound of devil-worshipping and all manner of strange happenings.
Rumors abound of family disagreements being the cause or the result of the name change.
Rumors abound of imminent reprisal attacks.
Rumors abound of in-fighting within the women's movement and across generational lines.
Rumors abound of some rather un-religious romps.
Rumors abound on campus.
Rumors abound on exactly who floated the airbrush bit of the story.
Rumors abound on the internet and in the technical news media.
Rumors abound right now about a cult murder in Phoenix supposedly linked to a bulletin board.
Rumors abound that the team hopes to someday link the probes and open a single giant conduit.
Rumors abound that thousands have fled the region, unable to survive.
Rumors abound where an information vacuum exists.
Rumors abound, and soon the tr'AAmnhe name becomes synonymous with treason.
Scenic roads lead to practically all the natural and historical sights.
Scenic routes begin and end at the parent route.
Scenic shots are preferred.
Many scenic spots absorb many tourists every season in a year.
Scenic stone makes great lapidary material.
All scenic tours leave from here.
Scenic trail encircles the campground, borders creekbank.
Scenic trail ends at Parkway.
Scenic trail rides along the Wichita River.
Scenic trails are suitable for cross country skiing and snowmobiling in winter.
Scenic trails offer hours and hours of snowmobiling pleasure.
Scenic trails offer opportunities for exercise, contemplation and relaxing with nature.
Scenic trails wind through the forest and skirt the lake.
Scenic train rides on a working shortline railroad.
Scenic tram ride to restaurant.
All scenic trips float beside towering mountains and through lush green forests.
Scenic views are common.
Scenic views are high resolution views of special interest.
Scenic views are located in countries.
Scenic views are now history.
Scenic views are plentiful.
Many scenic views are within easy access for visitors and worthy of photographing.
Most scenic views are from the rim trails.
Some scenic views are along the way.
Scenic vistas abound.
Scenic vistas are common toward the north, less frequent to the south.
Scenic vistas range from sagebrush flatland to high, rugged, rocky peaks.
Scenic vistas shift in color and temperament with the seasons.
Scenic walkways link all lots to lakes, river and nature areas.
Scenic windows offer spectacular viewing of birds and other wildlife as they come to food and water.
Scent flowers appear in summer.
Scent flowers emerge in summer.
Scent gland sclerites dark brown.
Scent glands are present but are better developed in males.
Scent glands are present in the anal region.
Scent glands are present on the face and the anus and genital regions.
Scent glands are sacs that open on the skin surface and discharge a strong-smelling secretion.
Scent glands contain pheromone.
Scent glands emit secretion.
Scent glands emit substances that can deter larger predators, but are also effective against ants .
Scent glands give the otters a heavy musky smell.
Scent glands help neonates locate their mothers pouch.
Scent glands help species to recognize one another.
Scent glands produce a strong musky odor.
Scent glands produce liquids.
Scent glands produce musky odor.
Scent glands produce odor.
Scent glands produce smell liquids.
Scent glands produce strong musky odor.
Scent glands produce strong odor.
Scent glands produce strong smell liquids.
Scent glands produce substances.
Scent glands secrete oily substances.
Scent glands secrete smell substances.
Scent glands secrete substances.
Most scent glands contain pheromone.
Most scent glands produce liquids.
Most scent glands produce musky odor.
Most scent glands produce odor.
Most scent glands produce smell liquids.
Most scent glands produce strong musky odor.
Most scent glands produce strong odor.
Most scent glands produce strong smell liquids.
Most scent glands produce substances.
Most scent glands secrete oily substances.
Some scent glands contain chemicals.
Some scent glands emit pheromone.
Some scent glands look like testes.
Some scent glands use for identification.
Scent herbs reduce inflammation.
Scent hounds are independent.
All scent hounds have incredibly acute olfactory skills.
Most scent hounds are pack oriented.
Scent marks are concentrated along the territory boundary and at dens and middens.
Scent marks contain molecules called pheromones.
Scent marking appears to reduce actual contact, and fighting is very unusual.
Scent marking can also communicate sex and reproductive state.
Scent marking is a common feature of otter behavior.
Scent marking is a vital role in the communication of the giant pandas to each other.
Scent marking is an essential component of communication in most nonhuman primates.
Scent marking is an important mode of communication.
Scent marking is done to delineate territorial boundaries and communicate sexual state.
Scent marking is imperative for intergroup communication.
Scent marking is important in advertising territory boundaries and willingness to mate.
Scent marking is prevalent, e.g. males seek and urinate on urine deposits made by estrous females.
Scent marking is primarily through dung middens.
Scent marking is used to delineate territories.
Scent marking is very important sustained by rubbing branches with the crotch, forehead and hands.
Scent marking is very traditional, indicating very stable home ranges.
Scent markings are left in the area of the home range that overlaps with other groups' home ranges.
Scent markings are therefore well developed.
Scent markings pass information such as sexual readiness.
Scent also leaves a trail of chum.
Scent attracts bees.
Scent attracts moths.
Scent attracts or repels almost every creature on earth.
Scent attracts pollinators that feed on decaying carcasses.
Scent attracts predators.
Scent can be a powerful tool to lure shoppers and sell merchandise.
Scent can be unreliable when the ground is too dry or covered in snow.
Scent can cling or be diffused, depending on the wind, weather, terrain, or humidity.
Scent can originate from several plant parts but is often associated with the flowers.
Scent comes next.
Scent comes through screened holes.
Scent creates atmosphere and attracts attention.
Scent determines color.
Scent disappears and dog continues hunting.
Scent does seem to play a role though, they report.
Scent enhances atmospheres, moods, characters and objects.
Scent fills nostrils.
Scent flaps for additional scent control.
Scent glands Huge preorbital glands opening in bull's eye of naked black skin.
Scent has influence in the bonding process as well.
Scent helps headaches.
Scent holds well in soap.
Scent hounds sniff the ground at every opportunity.
Scent hounds work with police.
Scent is a better barrier.
Scent is a powerful force.
Scent is a powerful motivator for cats.
Scent is a very effective means of communication for wolves.
Scent is a very strong factor in terms of territory in the animal world.
Scent is also a powerful tool.
Scent is also an important component of cat communication.
Scent is also important.
Scent is an ancient signalling system.
Scent is another aspect of territorial scratching.
Scent is another consideration.
Scent is basic.
Scent is biggie with kitties.
Scent is carried by moisture in the air, so the greater the humidity, the stronger the scent.
Scent is caused by oily secretion.
Scent is caused by secretion.
Scent is controlled at another unlinked locus with scented being dominant to non-scented.
Scent is delicate.
Scent is deposited on the feces as it is eliminated.
Scent is distinctive.
Scent is fragile under most circumstances, but it can be durable depending on conditions.
Scent is important in the bonding process for all animals.
Scent is more a part of life than many realize.
Scent is one method, another is physical appearance.
Scent is particularly important in food selection for snakes.
Scent is pleasantly 'cedar-like'.
Scent is processed in the limbic system of the brain, the seat of memory and emotion.
Scent is prominent in the flowers however permeate the entire plant.
Scent is pungent.
Scent is smell
Scent is smell.
Scent is subjective and is described by each person as either good or bad.
Scent is the final frontier.
Scent is the operative word here.
Scent is the primary mode of communication for giant pandas.
Scent is used as one of their most important forms of communication.
Scent is used to communicate to other beavers that an area is occupied.
Scent is usually the first thing people notice.
Scent is very important to animals in the wild because they use their sense of smell to hunt.
Scent is very powerful and unforgettable.
Scent is water soluble.
Scent isa smell.
Scent markings outside of burrows seem to signal where an animal is in the dominance hierarchy.
Scent mounds mark their territory and let other beavers know that the area is occupied.
Scent percolates up through air pockets in the snow in a cone-shaped pattern.
Scent plays a very important part in their lives.
Scent plays a vital role in cat behavior and their sense of territory.
Scent plays an important part in courtship, with both animals sniffing each other.
Scent plays an important part in the social hierarchy too.
Scent plays an important role in lupine communications.
Scent plays an important role in our lives and has since ancient times.
Scent plays an important role in the establishment and maintenance of territories and colonies.
Scent preferences Western notions of aesthetically pleasing fragrances are by no means universal.
Scent ranks first because it ranges great distances in water.
Scent serves purposes.
Scent tends to be a fruity and sweet.
Scent varies from brand to brand and bottle to bottle, but can be really nice.
Scents actually have a function, usually for pollination by insects.
Scents are appropriate for Bast.
Scents are delicate or vibrant to appease every pallette.
Scents are detected by the large number of sensory cells on a membrane in the nostrils.
Scents are different and some are more focused and concentrated for one type of insect or another.
Scents are highly volatile molecules which detach themselves from their source and float in the air.
Scents are natural essential oils.
Scents are non-toxic and can be mixed over and over.
Scents are normal, people.
Scents are quite purposeful when trigging memories.
Scents are responsible for love at first sight, instant dislike, and more.
Scents are strong and made with the finest ingredients.
Scents are the old hair-tonic salesmen all over again.
Scents are the souls of flowers and are the very essence of the garden.
Scents are true to the name and description.
Scents can be a cure for what ails.
Scents can bring back powerful, long forgotten memories.
Scents can have a very powerful effect on our body, mind, and spirit.
Scents can help in creating a preferred state of mind and relaxation.
Scents can induce an amazing power as they influence our moods.
Scents can trigger memories of tastes or sights.
Scents communicate instantaneously.
Scents deny the passage of time, the extinction of the past.
Scents give wolves sort of an information superhighway to navigate around their territories.
Scents help define a person.
Scents hints There are different types of scents that can be used in candle making.
Scents offers body care and bath products, aroma therapies and candles.
Scents provide a link to memory and emotions.
Scents seem to influence sexual attraction in humans.
Scents smell so much better and last so much longer than any others.
Scents smell stronger when warm.
All scents are available as perfumes.
All scents are duty free and available throughout the islands.
All scents are safe for use in wax candles.
All scents have bite stimulants added.
Most scent attracts bees.
Most scent attracts moths.
Most scent attracts predators.
Most scent fills nostrils.
Most scent helps headaches.
Most scent is caused by oily secretion.
Most scent is caused by secretion.
Most scent serves purposes.
Most scents are lotion and soap safe.
Most scents are uplifting and calm the nervous system.
Most scents contain enough alcohol to harm and kill a child after ingesting only a few swallows.
Some scent attracts animals.
Some scent attracts beetles.
Some scent attracts individuals.
Some scent attracts insects.
Some scent attracts wasps.
Some scent attracts weasels.
Some scent comes from glands.
Some scent comes from microscopic glands.
Some scent comes from oil glands.
Some scent glands secrete fluid.
Some scent glands secrete musks.
Some scent glands secrete oil.
Some scent leads predators.
Some scent offers information.
Some scents are slightly stronger sexual attractants than others.
Some scents attract.
Some scents encourage activity and alertness, while others help people relax and unwind.
Some scents produce rolling, others rubbing or scratching, and so on.
Some scents remain the same.
Scented candles add so much to a bathroom.
Scented candles are more likely to produce soot than unscented candles.
Scented candles are the best to use.
Scented candles burn long into the night.
Scented candles burn.
Scented candles glowing in bathrooms and bedrooms transforms the room into a fascinating experience.
Scented candles help consumers feel relaxed, refreshed and calm.
Scented candles perfume the polished lobby.
Scented flowers appear repeatedly throughout the summer.
Scented flowers attract insects as pollinators.
Scented geraniums are also available.
Scented geraniums are also edible.
Scented geraniums are fun to grow in Austin, Texas.
Scented geraniums are great container plants and are striking grown as topiaries.
Scented geraniums are native to South Africa and so a hard freeze can harm the plant.
Scented geraniums are notoriously hard to start.
Scented geraniums are tender, shrubby perennials that are grown as annuals in Illinois.
Scented geraniums are the ideal choice for container culture.
Scented geraniums have glands at the base of their leaf hairs, where the scent is formed.
Scented geraniums make fabulous air fresheners.
Scented geraniums offer a remarkable range of fragrance.
Scented lotions are also available in a more limited range of fragrances.
Scented oil is added to melted, highly-refined paraffin wax in order to scent candle throughout.
Scented oil is applied to the face and naivedya isoffered.
Scented oils are a very nice touch.
Scented oils can help warn the dog of the presence of a wall or furniture as it approaches.
Scented stickers depict the flavours of the gumdrops.
Scented tea is made by mixing green tea with flower petals through an elaborate process.
Scented teas are mixed with dried flower petals and essential oils.
Scented toiletries stand ready by the mirror on an intricately carved pine shelf.
Scented water is thrown onto it.
Scentometer odor ranks historically associated with serious nuisance odors.
Scentometer odor ranks historically associated with the start of complaints.
A scepter is sovereignty
Scepter includes terminal board with hardware, tab lock, cap, and integrated vent.
Scepters are common in some cavities, and tabular Japan law twins occur in others.
A sceptic is an intellectual
Sceptics abound inside government as well as outside.
Sceptics are free to smile and wallow smugly in their doubts.
Sceptics are negative by definition.
Sceptics argue that the American pyramids are very much unlike the ones in Egypt.
Sceptics argue the animals are a figment of people's imagination.
Sceptics attribute the effect of homeopathy to that of placebo.
Sceptics deny the existence of extrasensory senses.
Sceptics describe it as a chemical reaction in the human brain.
Sceptics dismiss it, but more and more people are turning to psychics for help.
Sceptics point out that it is in everyone's interests for the licence fees to be high.
Sceptics point to potential problems.
Sceptics remain sceptical.
Sceptics reserve their strongest feelings for the stress management industry.
Sceptics say dealing with Pyongyang, whether politically or commercially, has never been easy.
Sceptics say no . . .
Sceptics say that the evidence so far points to only limited interoperability.
Sceptics say the real objective is joining an enlarged, independent Kosovo.
Sceptics still question the validity of many of the patents granted.
Sceptics often see the success as being purely attributable to a placebo effect.
Sceptics usually pose as persons of unusual mentality.
Many sceptics actively investigate miracle claims to see if there is evidence.
Many sceptics doubt the future of the automobile industry in such a changing world.
Sceptical challenges are thus of no epistemological importance.
Sceptical doubt is the fetter in the mind when the clarity which comes from a path moment is absent.
A scepticism is content
Scepticism becomes a useful way of expressing one's feelings, especially hatred.
Scepticism eventually leads to barrenness.
Scepticism is a matter of doubt rather than denial.
Scepticism is all about matching belief to evidence.
Scepticism is an essential element in the scientific method.
Scepticism is associated with incredulity.
Scepticism is in order about the declared motives of both sides.
Scepticism is the beginning of faith.
Scepticism survives in some quarters.
Scepticism often prevails.
Sceptre crystals are an oddity and somewhat rare.
Schacht raddles can also fit most looms.
Schedulable actions can include the derivation of new goals or plans locally or at other agents.
Schedulable properties allow network control by time of day and day of week.
Schedule D looks more complicated than it actually is to fill out.
Schedule D looks more complicated to fill out than it actually is.
Schedule delays are again on the list of issues to be discussed.
Schedule delays are most often a result of a font situation.
Schedules of reinforcement are important in maintaining behavior.
Schedule time is also an issue, as there are many major label releases waiting for review as well.
Schedule times are approximate.
Schedule times are subject to change in order to operate with the maximum number of riders per trip.
Schedule times are subject to change without notice.
Schedule times given in the abstract volume are subject to change without prior notice.
Schedule times shown are approximate.
All schedule times are subject to change without notice.
A schedule is a program
Schedule above is subject to change without notice.
Schedule adjustments daily evenings.
Schedule allows for rest and reflection.
Schedule are always subject to change.
Schedule are available at all campuses.
Schedule assessments with families.
Schedule assessments with patients and health assessment core.
Schedule below is subject to change without notice.
Schedule below is subject to change.
Schedule block out periods during homeworks hours.
Schedule breaks during homework when necessary.
Schedule breaks for session participants between speakers and panels.
Schedule breaks so that participants can make phone calls or just relax for a few minutes.
Schedule breaks throughout the day.
Schedule call back.
Schedule can be flexible.
Schedule changes between quarters tend to be minor and mostly confined to weekends.
Schedule changes daily according to advisor's administrative duties and meetings.
Schedule changes daily.
Schedule changes for returning students are to be initiated prior to the last day of school.
Schedule changes frequently.
Schedule changes monthly.
Schedule changes periodically to include some nights, weekends, and holidays.
Schedule classes well in advance, at regular intervals, and hold classes as scheduled.
Schedule click above to register.
Schedule click here.
Schedule comes out monthly.
Schedule consists of string orchestra rehearsals, sectionals, and technique classes.
Schedule dates subject to change.
Schedule deferments for estimated financial aid payments.
Schedule details the basics topics and list of assignments, quizzes, and tests.
Schedule downloads for low bandwidth times or whenever.
Schedule errands during non-peak times.
Schedule examinees over the phone and in-person via a sophisticated scheduling program.
Schedule exercise around a routine task.
Schedule exercise regularly.
Schedule exercises paying attention to work schedules of both men and women.
Schedule fall furnace inspections now.
Schedule fluctuates with business and weather demands.
Schedule follow up meetings to assist the employee in keeping on track with their goals.
Schedule follow up with the employee.
Schedule follows school calendar year.
Schedule further followup contacts as indicated.
Schedule helps reservists track pay dates Release No.
Schedule indicate tasks, quarterly report submission and final report submission dates.
Schedule is always subject to change.
Schedule is approximate and subject to change due to seasonal imponderables.
Schedule is approximate and subject to revision.
Schedule is available in large print, braille or cassette.
Schedule is available.
Schedule is below.
Schedule is feasible.
Schedule is in Central Time.
Schedule is in the packet.
Schedule is negotiable.
Schedule is on the web.
Schedule is on track.
Schedule is online.
Schedule is primarily evenings and weekends, based on event requirements.
Schedule is schedule.
Schedule is with a browser that supports frames.
Schedule isa idea.
Schedule isa thought.
Schedule juveniles to complete their mandatory hours at local sites and follow-up on their progress.
Schedule lectures in a classroom.
Schedule now accepts quiet and continue parameters with the cancel option.
Schedule packing with the mover a day or two before the moving van is loaded.
Schedule payments up to a year in advance, or schedule variable and recurring payments.
Schedule payments up to one year in advance.
Schedule play time into every day.
Schedule play time.
Schedule provides the semester's schedule of day time classes.
Screws can do two things.
Screws can hidden for a slight up charge .
Screws come in a variety of lengths and widths.
Screws come in a variety of metals and coatings.
Screws constitute the second largest product category in the global industrial fastener market.
Screws fall out all the time.
Screws go in through front of door, easy to install.
Screws have (part) bases.
Screws have (part) screw thread.
Screws have (part) sections.
Screws have a tendency to loosen and back themselves out over a period of time.
Screws have captive washers.
Screws have greater holding power than nails and different threads for various materials.
Screws have thread.
Screws have washers.
Screws hold table top securely over sump.
Screws hold the cement board down.
Screws hold top in place to avoid non authorized access.
Screws just fall out all the time, the world is an imperfect place.
Screws provide at least seven times the holding power of nails.
Screws represent a special case.
Screws require pre-drilling .
Screws require pre-drilling.
Screws secure housings together from rear.
Screws secure the bar to the top of the wooden dust board.
Screws tighten on money laundering.
Screws use in construction.
Screws work better than nails for long-term bounce control.
All screws are file worked and the liners are jeweled.
All screws are fine.
All screws are in stainless steel.
All screws are large and convenient.
All screws are stainless steel and all other materials are of the best quality.
All screws are stainless steel.
All screws have their slots neatly aligned.
Every screw is accounted for and nothing is missing.
Most screws have captive washers.
Most screws have washers.
Some screws are loose.
Some screws are smaller than others.
Some screws are used to lower and raise things.
Some screws compress the plate to the bone, others hold the plate in place.
Some screws have a hexagonal head and are turned by wrench.
A screwball is an eccentric
Screwballs come off the outside of tip of the pitcher's third digit.
A screwdriver is a hand tool
Screwdriver insert bits.
Screwdriver isa tool.
Screwdrivers are capable of weapons.
Screwdrivers are cocktails.
Screwdrivers are drinks.
Screwdrivers are ground sharp and square to hold a screw.
Screwdrivers are ground square to hold a screw.
Screwdrivers are hand tools.
Screwdrivers are industrial equipment.
Screwdrivers are located in bars.
Screwdrivers are located in drawers.
Screwdrivers are located in repair shops.
Screwdrivers are located in toolboxs.
Screwdrivers are tools.
Screwdrivers have (part) handles.
Screwdrivers have (part) sections.
Screwdrivers Keep tips clean and square-edged.
Most screwless cases are only screwless with regards to the case coverings.
Scribal errors do occur as seen in the large amount of variances within the textual witnesses.
Scribble Art Have the children scribble on a piece of paper with black crayon.
Scribble pad is the ultimate utility for accessing often used text.
A scribble is a hand
Scribbles are drawing.
Scribbles are for posting short one liners about light-heated subjects and playing word games.
Scribbles are handwriting.
Scribbles are the first purposeful marks left by children.
Scribbles become iconografitti.
Scribbles can help.
Scribbles evolve into emerging shapes.
Scribbles handwritten comments on the resume in lieu of a formal cover letter.
Scribbles is the inventor.
A scribbler is a journalist
Scribblers also recommends customer scans the electronic file for viruses prior to opening.
Scribblers is based in Mountain Home, Idaho.
Scribblers receives all information pertaining to the work from the author or publisher.
Scribblers uses address verification for credit card orders.
Scribe agents convert the format and structure of a document into posting formats and files.
A scribe is an employee
Scribes are journalists.
Scribes are software.
Scribes can offer flexible working hours, including evening and weekends for that urgent job.
Scribes have their law and truth.
Scribes quoque ea in postibus domus tuae, et in portis tuis.
Scribes tend to add rather than subtract material.
Scribes write in an ancient writing called hieroglyphics .
Scribes always have to learn the basics of their craft through an apprenticeship.
Any scribe can doubt.
Many scribes have their own special recipe to make their custom ink.
Scribed line is lathe centerline.
A scrim is cloth
Scrims are distinctive since there is empty space between threads.
Scrimmage is a disturbance
Scrimmage is exercises.
Scrimmage Play a regular game with the full team.
Scrimmages are a lot of fun.
Scrimmages begin at midnight.
All scrimmages are free and open to the public.
A scrimshaw is a carving
Scrimshaw includes several buildings, floral designs etc.
Scrimshaw is also available.
Scrimshaw is available everywhere.
Scrimshaw is particularly American art form.
Scrimshaw is said to be the only original American art form.
Scrimshaw is the traditional art of painting on ivory or ivory substitutes.
Scrimshaw refers to the carvings or engravings of assorted bone and ivories.
Scrimshaws are carving.
Scrip money makes a great gift or employee bonus.
A scrip is a certificate
Scrip isa document.
Scrips are now available during school hours.
Scrips are security.
All scrip is based on U.S. funds.
Much scrip already looks more like credit cards than traditional gift certificates.
Script buttons automate frequently performed functions.
Script configuration is localized in one spot.
Script creation is wizard-driven and simple to follow.
Script development is the first and most difficult production task.
Script development is the second phase of a load testing program.
Script development is variable in time.
Script development varies from user to user.
Script disruption refers to the interference of some well-leaned pattern of social behavior.
Script editor is scriptable.
Some script editors can graphically display parts of the object model.
Some script editors provide other tools to simplify access to real objects in applications.
Script execution starts at the main procedure and terminates at the end of the main procedure.
Any script execution is done as the user who owns the script, and all script accesses are logged.
Script extension resets to .cgi or .pl automatically.
Script files are normal text files containing one command per line.
Script files can also contain help information that explains the interface.
Script files can execute other script files.
Every script file requires at least one label statement.
Script fonts are unacceptable, as is the use of multiple typefaces.
Script fonts look neat but are hard to read.
Many script fonts look neater than handwriting.
Script kiddies are even lower on the totem pole than crackers.
Script kiddies attack at any time.
Script kiddies do a sloppy job and trigger an alarm at our provider.
Script kiddies receive the bulk of hacker disdain.
Script kiddies seem to be everywhere.
Script kiddies use pre-written programs to hack.
Script language is only available in registered version.
Most script languages offer a security model with a huge variety of security options.
Script materials are also available for in-classroom mock trial programs.
Script money is valued above cash retail prices on the Flex Plan to assure meal plan discount.
Script package is a pnuts.ext.ScriptPackage object that is used in user's scripts as an hashtable.
Most script pages are the same.
Most script problems involve problems with the permissions.
Script processing is a case in point.
Script processing is available for automatic logon's.
Script timing is a very accurate science.
Script type can be difficult to read.
Script typefaces imitate handwriting with a pen.
Script writers can add new verbs to the language.
Script writers can avoid learning new APIs for each new resource type.
Script writing is a creative activity that follows a strict format.
Script writing is a plus.
Script writing is created from client's outline or content information from respective departments.
Script writing is very frustrating.
Script writing takes several months.
A script is dramatic work
Script adapt .
Script allows customized space, signup method and more.
Script allows for customizable fields.
Script also identifies processes without a oracle session.
Script automatically creates directory tree corresponding to server's tree.
Script based animation system allows each level to have completely unique scripted sequences.
Script can insert meta tags with different keywords in every generated page.
Script can now access any ball as an object, and can change the properties of it.
Script can override domain restrictions allowing cookies to be shared between domains.
Script can remember login info and automatically email users forgotten passwords by request.
Script can send a customizable e-mail to people when their link has expired.
Script can send a customizable e-mail to people when their link is added.
Script can send an e-mail message to people once their link is rotated out.
Script can show various incidents from history.
Script can support reg.
Script changes constantly and the writers and production office scramble to keep up.
Script comes fully annotated and with installation instructions.
Script comes with several pre-written messages to send when deleting a post.
Script contains a compiled script.
Script copies the bogus doc to a file.
Script counts the number of hits each link gets.
Script covers where, what, who, etc.
Script creates actions and behaviors.
Script does happen.
Script enables images to flip according to mouse rollovers.
Script extends java.lang.
Script gets variables from a configuration file.
Script has forbidden permissions.
Script has technical support and is constantly updated.
Script Help .
Script includes a download counter and search engine.
Script includes bibliographical references.
Script includes player stats, handicap system and recent winners listing.
Script is a bit more verbose than it needs to be.
Script is assumed to be rendered separately.
Script is available for online credit card integration.
Script is back up.
Script is complex, but that makes it powerful.
Script is considerably more difficult than standard print.
Script is easy to configure and maintain.
Script is easy to install and runs without intervention.
Script is easy to istall, configure and use.
Script is easy to read.
Script Is easy.
Script is educated and cultured and makes no mistakes.
Script is fantastic and the philosophy behind it is superb.
Script is finished.
Script is free to modify and redistribute.
Script is good, acting great, movie entertaining, story moving.
Script is group writable.
Script is illegible.
Script is included.
Script is incomplete or missing.
Script is intelligent enough to provide domain and regional targeting.
Script is interesting and informative.
Script is Japanese.
Script is legible.
Script is neat and easy to read.
Script is on disk.
Script is only one of the factors.
Script is only one sided as per originals.
Script is optional.
Script is selected.
Script is the most important thing, for a foundation, and then visuals are just as important.
Script is too ordinary and predictable, but actors and director are good.
Script is very difficult to read.
Script lets users vote on current topics or add their own.
Script means any type which is designed to resemble handwriting.
Script needs improvement.
Script needs to filter out well known mail list software.
Script notes to top ten in each category.
Script now keeps track of how many time a banner is displayed.
Script now works great, four rings defined and adding new members.
Script offers a full line of classes for beginners to advanced writers.
Script pauses on all errors.
Script provides layout formats for each type of data to be uploaded.
Script rcsmv now functional.
Script Read the whole script and find out how the movie differs.
Script recreates the image of handwriting.
Script requires a bit more work to setup.
Script requires a moderate amount of time to get working.
Script requires no input.
Script rotates the banners in order from top to bottom, then starts over.
Script rotates the banners in order, then starts over.
Script runs very well at german sites.
Script shows in a minimal amount of time with a level of comfort that is unsurpassed.
Script supports fee based membership sign up with real-time credit card processing.
Script supports real-time credit card processing through Web credit card processors.
Script tries to be smart and tacks on trailing slash to directories if needed.
Script uses images as buttons.
Scripts add functionality to a web site by incorporating executable scripts in the design.
Scripts add little to a page in most instances.
Scripts allow CD systems to draw links and inferences between things.
Scripts allow programming of interactive applications that react on user input.
Scripts also can get environment variables that have been set by other applications.
Scripts are a convenient means for scheduling unattended communications events.
Scripts are a different matter, of course.
Scripts are a great tool for automating even the simplest tasks.
Scripts are a means to manage affective experience.
Scripts are a powerful tool for producing active assessments.
Scripts are addressable via the web.
Scripts are addressable via the Web.
Scripts are also available.
Scripts are applications which can be run on the web.
Scripts are attractive because they are relatively simple to create and maintain.
Scripts are available .
Scripts are available at the Arcade Book Nook, and at the Book Rack.
Scripts are available at the reference desk in the college library.
Scripts are available by special order.
Scripts are available for backup, parameters, query optimization, and more.
Scripts are available for check-out in the drama office.
Scripts are available for radio station announcers.
Scripts are available for review in the campus library.
Scripts are available for some broadcasts, as well as Spanish programming.
Scripts are available for some quick image effects, like chrome text or a wet paint look.
Scripts are available free of charge via e-mail .
Scripts are available from Mainstay.
Scripts are available in advance for perusal or to check out from the box office.
Scripts are available in advance.
Scripts are available in English and German.
Scripts are available in the box office with a five dollar deposit.
Scripts are available in the business office for perusal.
Scripts are available in the church office for check-out.
Scripts are available in the library on reserve.
Scripts are available to accomplish many tasks.
Scripts are available to be read at the theatre.
Scripts are available to students for pre-production reading through the stage manager.
Scripts are available.
Scripts are bands.
Scripts are blueprints.
Scripts are chunks of code that take actions on a computer automatically.
Scripts are collections of commands that are stored in a file.
Scripts are combinations of words that convey information and instructions.
Scripts are computer programming languages which can be used to embed programs into web pages.
Scripts are custom programs that use a C-based programming language.
Scripts are definitely in the same category.
Scripts are detailed, guiding the representative through the phone conversation.
Scripts are easy to find and the site is really helpful.
Scripts are easy to install.
Scripts are executable statements.
Scripts are extremely useful for batch file operations.
Scripts are for people who already have a training in dance.
Scripts are foundations for great movies.
Scripts are fun.
Scripts are generally small and compact so they are efficient to transmit.
Scripts are highly re-usable, making the test process faster and more efficient over the long term.
Scripts are identical.
Scripts are in the works right now to bypass the given email address when the ad is posted.
Scripts are instrumental in automation, protection switching, and scheduling.
Scripts are just text files but with a .cs extention.
Scripts are lines of code that execute actions on a computer without a person's interaction.
Scripts are little programs that execute when the page is opened.
Scripts are mainly bash-scripts, new configuration tool uses python and newt.
Scripts are maximally modifiable for easy customizing.
Scripts are more powerful than aliases.
Scripts are nice, but make sure they do non-essential things.
Scripts are objects.
Scripts are on by default.
Scripts are on reserve in the library.
Scripts are outlines and so are menus.
Scripts are outlines Like outlines and the object database, scripts are outlines too.
Scripts are pieces of code which are interpreted by, strangely enough, interpreters.
Scripts are plain text and consist of keywords and variables.
Scripts are portable across platforms and communication methods.
Scripts are powerful enough, however, to do real damage when written maliciously.
Scripts are powerful tools in any program.
Scripts are pre-packaged ways to find weaknesses in computer systems.
Scripts are programs downloaded from the Web.
Scripts are programs embedded in an HTML page.
Scripts are programs that deal with data sent back by forms that users fill in.
Scripts are programs used to process data, format data and perform database operations.
Scripts are programs which perform specific tasks.
Scripts are short programs written to automate repetitive tasks.
Scripts are small programs that are written in a variety of simple computer languages.
Scripts are small programs that run when a webpage is opened.
Scripts are source code.
Scripts are suitable for performance in theatres and drama workshops.
Scripts are text files containing the test calls expressed in the test bed command language.
Scripts are text files which allow groups of parameter files to be called and run.
Scripts are the best way to be creative.
Scripts are the prime example.
Scripts are the public manifestation of patterns of related social concepts.
Scripts are there already.
Scripts are thread-safe.
Scripts are tiny bits of code that perform a small number of trivial functions.
Scripts are to be memorized.
Scripts are to be original, unpublished, and unproduced.
Scripts are ugly.
Scripts are uncertain.
Scripts are useful for executing a series of individual commands.
Scripts are useful for informal correspondence and for adding design impact.
Scripts are useful to automate some of the logging in sequence.
Scripts are useful too.
Scripts are usually a link between the server and some other program running on the system.
Scripts are usually safe.
Scripts are utilities that interact directly with the server that hosts a client's web site.
Scripts are visible only from the current project.
Scripts are well-written.
Scripts are, of course, culturally-variable.
Scripts automate the process of retrieving data and later, merging and renaming the data files.
Scripts begin in literal content by default.
Scripts built-in programs that run behind the scenes do most of the work.
Scripts call DLLs with the dll.call verb.
Scripts can accept command-line arguments or strings from standard input.
Scripts can add their own mail headers, including cc , bcc , and even from .
Scripts can allow the automatic initiation of actions when specific situations surface.
Scripts can be created by user, some are available from the web.
Scripts can be either one act or full length, with preferably four characters or less.
Scripts can be freely copied.
Scripts can be fun to use and show off, but are annoying to others if they are having a bad net day.
Scripts can be source code for a scripting language or a binary file.
Scripts can be unembedded for further editing.
Scripts can be very intimidating just to look at.
Scripts can become hard to read and maintain as they get more complex.
Scripts can call other scripts, passing parameters and receiving multiple returned values.
Scripts can carry out mathematical computations.
Scripts can come on paper or floppy disks.
Scripts can control images.
Scripts can control processing, generate training and testing patterns, automate routine tasks, etc.
Scripts can copy files, delete files, or even add or modify user accounts.
Scripts can display the contents of core files after a program error.
Scripts can do just about anything, from processing information to generating fractals.
Scripts can do things such as conduct polls, run a mailing list, and much more.
Scripts can either return nothing, plain text, or a full HTML page.
Scripts can emulate other mechanisms such as by running periodically.
Scripts can execute by time, by event or manually.
Scripts can flounder for dozens of other reasons besides.
Scripts can help here.
Scripts can import and module that has security restrictions.
Scripts can interact with applications.
Scripts can launch an application, data file, control panel or desk accessory.
Scripts can launch the appropriate queries and then convert the returned data into a single number.
Scripts can make use of recursion to access the relations and attributes of supertypes.
Scripts can read and write properties.
Many sellers have a sound property, but are lacking on the surface.
Many Sellers have concerns that escrow services are bias toward Buyers.
Many sellers have quality goods but fail to get quality bids at high closing prices.
Many sellers lose money at the outset with improper pricing.
Many Sellers Make.
Many sellers pay others to ride their horses in the ring to demonstrate how the horse handles.
Many sellers place a ''reserve'', or minimum amount acceptable, on the item for sale.
Many sellers pledge their heart to only one prospect during the courting process.
Many sellers price high and wait for a sale.
Many sellers refuse to make any home repairs before putting their homes on the market for sale.
Many sellers say they welcome customers asking for a discount.
Many sellers wear special costumes in keeping with their total display or line of goods.
Many sellers wonder why their listings close with no bids.
More sellers cause the price to drop.
More sellers sell more coins there, and more buyers look for coins there.
Most sellers accept checks, money orders, or payments through an online payment service.
Most sellers accept money orders.
Most sellers are aboveboard.
Most sellers are happy to answer.
Most sellers are honest people trying to get by in life like everyone else.
Most sellers are honest, but they make money only by buying low and selling high.
Most sellers are more eager to work with such a qualified buyer.
Most sellers are on the up and up, and online auctions can be a great source of good buys.
Most sellers are very open to negotiations.
Most sellers are willing to pay for the repair of such items.
Most sellers begin with a computer, Internet connection, and a little business know-how.
Most sellers charge more than is necessary for shipping.
Most sellers choose seven days although the number of days can be less or more than seven.
Most sellers desire a fast sale with minimal showings.
Most sellers fear the consequences of their buyer defaulting on the note.
Most sellers have a huge rating record though.
Most sellers have difficulty expressing themselves when first asked.
Most sellers like to start the bidding a little lower than what they hope to get for the item.
Most sellers list shipping and financial terms in the item description.
Most sellers mistakenly believe the buyer is purchasing the past or the present.
Most sellers obtain a report from an independent company to provide to the buyer.
Most sellers offer overnight delivery, at an inflated rate.
Most sellers prefer to rely on the advice of a professional.
Most sellers take credit card payments now.
Most sellers think agents are all alike.
Most sellers think of their house as being worth more than it is.
Most sellers truly can t buy anything since they have to sell first.
Most sellers try to use the cost of the goods as the cap.
Some sellers agree to use an escrow service.
Some sellers also sell plastic bags for customers to put their tubers in.
Some sellers are no fun.
Some sellers are very concerned when their home has been on the market for some time.
Some sellers are willing to reveal their reserve price either within the listing, or via email.
Some sellers blame put the blame on the wholesalers but others say the increase is artificial.
Some sellers charge little to nothing for the trial, others charge hundreds of dollars.
Some sellers choose auctions with reserve prices when listing an item.
Some sellers claim that they're too busy to leave feedback.
Some sellers confirm the subsequent receipt of payment and the shipping date.
Some sellers do sell by weight, but most sell by volume.
Some sellers do well by leaving a few hurdles for buyers.
Some sellers even look at the ads or go to open houses to check out the competition.
Some sellers get a pre-sale appraisal.
Some sellers have corrective work done before their home goes on the market.
Some sellers have pre-inspection reports.
Some sellers have pretty long and good records, it increases the confidence of new clients.
Some sellers have the good fortune of receiving more than one offer.
Some sellers improperly create a fake identity and bid on their own auctions to drive up the offers.
Some sellers issue keys or lock boxes.
Some sellers leave feedback as soon as payment is received.
Some sellers list at the rock-bottom price they'd really take, because they hate bargaining.
Some sellers list too high because they don t understand or believe in the concept of market value.
Some sellers mistakenly assume the home inspector is an adversary.
Some sellers obtain a presale home inspection through a qualified home inspector .
Some sellers offer their own terms.
Some sellers prefer to ALSO list their property with an agent.
Some sellers prefer to control the process.
Some sellers price their home based on their own purchase price.
Some sellers quote at ten times true value.
Some sellers request payment by certified check or money order.
Some sellers require a small deposit from the high bidder soon after the close of the auction.
Some sellers say they understand buyers' caution.
Some sellers start low which attracts bids and establish the value.
Some sellers stick to their guns.
Some sellers take advantage of the Myth of Rarity to charge outrageous prices.
Some sellers tell their agents the net price they want for their home.
Some sellers try to second-guess their listing agent on when, where and how to advertise a property.
Some sellers try to sell unsuitable or unmarketable property through an auction.
Some sellers use scare tactics or misrepresent the quality and value of their products or services.
Some sellers use various cross-stacking methods to exaggerate the quantity of wood delivered.
Some sellers wait for the buyer's confirmation before delivering their product.
Some sellers wonder if it's worth the effort to fix their homes up for sale.
Selling are commerce.
Selling are part of marketing.
Selloana plumes are a silvery white and rise to about the same level as the leaves.
A sellout is betrayal
Sellouts are the rule rather than the exception.
Sellouts come in all shapes and sizes.
Selma soils are underlain by sand or loamy sand.
A seltzer is mineral water
Seltzers tend to loose their carbonation quickly because of the lack of minerals.
A selva is a rainforest
Selva is exceptionally firm and has an acceptable appearance.
Selva is very susceptible to mites.
Selva works well in both winter and frigo plantings.
Selvage is an edge
Selvage is borders.
Selvage is edges.
Selvage is multi colored.
Selvage is the finished lengthwise edge of a woven fabric.
Selvage is the heavy woven sides of the canvas yardage.
Selvage refers to the finished lengthwise edges of the fabric.
Selvyt cloths are a brand name English-made cloth that is very popular with jewellery retailers.
Semen also contains natural prostaglandins, which help the uterus to contract.
Semen also has lymphocytes which can harbor the virus despite the use of potent antiretrovirals.
Semen can be white, gray, yellow or kinda clear.
Semen can change color for several different reasons.
Semen can enter a woman's body through breaks in the fine lining of the vagina.
Semen can tend to smell a bit like chlorine.
Semen can transmit the virus.
Semen collected by the male is processed, frozen and stored.
Semen handling errors all add up.
Semen pooling is an excellent option for men suffering from low sperm counts.
Semen shines and wants only to shine.
Semen then enters the wider opening to the bladder instead of being expelled through the penis.
Semen theobromatis, Semina theobromse.
All semen is initially relatively thick, and liquefies after ejaculation.
All semen is is food for the sperm.
All semen transport or on farm expenses are again applicable.
Most semen analyses provide information.
Most semen comes from different sources.
Most semen comes from several different sources.
Most semen comes from several sources.
Most semen comes from sources.
Most semen contains materials.
Most semen has characteristics.
Most semen is ejaculated by the first five or six contractions.
Most semen travelss through urethras.
Some semen comes from seminal vesicles.
Some semen comes from vesicles.
Some semen contains animalcules.
Some semen contains zinc.
Some semen enters uteruses.
Some semen flows through grooves.
Some semen has effects.
Some semen has protective effects.
Some semen is deposited in cervixes.
Some semen is deposited in uteruses.
Some semen is deposited in vaginas.
Some semen is released from the penis while the boy is asleep.
Semantic ambiguity is the result of one word having two or more definitions.
Semantic analysis consists of simple consistency checks and type checking.
Semantic analysis deals with the meaning of correctly formed sentences.
Semantic analysis is an extension of context analysis.
Semantic analysis reveals cross-cultural differences in the organization of concepts in language.
Semantic cases show how noun phrases are semantically related to the verb in a sentence.
Semantic categories are important because they shape thinking and perception.
Semantic change is difficult to explain and impossible to predict, even for linguists.
Semantic closure requires the parts problem discussed above to be explicitly taken into account.
Semantic compression refers to the density of information transmitted by given media.
Semantic contrast is thus a necessary condition of irony.
Semantic conventions describe standard ways for representing common business situations.
Semantic cues deal with background knowledge and the meaning expressed in the visual message.
Semantic cues involve a reader's knowledge of the world.
Semantic cursors attach themselves to the underlying object rather than the cartesian co-ordinates.
Semantic drift leads to a breakdown of commonality.
Semantic elements are the meat on the various skeletons.
Semantic grammars are different in spirit.
Semantic grammars encode the semantics in the grammar itself.
Semantic help is also available, as well as a way to create documentation from it.
Semantic indexing provides a bridge between the various information disciplines.
Semantic information is used by a deep dyslexic to parse compounds.
Semantic inheritance denotes inheritance of object semantics, ie of objects themselves.
Semantic intelligence is the ability to process information in the form of words and ideas.
Semantic knowledge is needed to ensure that a query satisfies user intent.
Semantic knowledge is the symbolic 'meaning' of words.
Semantic knowledge is used to improve efficiency and guide discovery.
Semantic links describe the relationship or association between words or concepts.
Semantic links represent associations among words.
All semantic links are upward-branching, including all the links listed here.
Semantic maps portray the schematic relations that compose a concept.
Semantic mapping is a strategy for graphically representing concepts.
Semantic markup gives information about the text it is marking up eg.
Semantic markup is dead.
Semantic markup is inserted into the HTML-text.
Semantic match is understood in a broad sense, as similarity of some semantic components.
Semantic meaning is inferred from other known meanings and the syntax of language.
Semantic memories are facts, figures, concepts and definitions.
Semantic memory contains conceptual and factual knowledge.
Semantic memory contains world knowledge apart from specific experiences.
Semantic memory involves the encoding of language information, and is usually presented verbally.
Semantic memory is descriptive of concepts and facts.
Semantic memory is general knowledge about the world, unattached to any specific learning event.
Semantic Memory is Impaired in Schizophrenia.
Semantic memory is memory
Semantic memory is rote memorization and list-oriented material.
Semantic memory is the ability to learn facts and relationships.
Semantic memory is the memory of knowledge and concepts.
Semantic memory is thought to be a central component of our cognitive system.
Semantic memory is used for remembering concepts and general knowledge.
Some semantic models are good, some are bad.
Semantic nets are a simple way of representing the relationships between entitities and concepts.
Semantic networks Add nodes to the network for happy, sad, etc.
Semantic networks are n-dimensional with multiple views provided by the software.
Semantic networks represent inheritance.
Semantic networks store multiple definitions for each word they contain.
Most semantic networks contain one to several hundred concepts.
Semantic objects serve to describe the domain level concepts.
Semantic parallelism is frequently an ornament of biblical poetry.
Semantic parsers can be quite reliable, especially when used in specified domains of discourse.
Semantic processing can facilitate free recall in mildly retarded adolescents.
Semantic processing is often necessary to produce useful navigation aids and search techniques.
Semantic quality is an important objective of database systems.
Semantic radicals contribute to the visual identification of Chinese characters.
Semantic reactions tend to happen at a domain just below the one that is being focused on.
Semantic relationships involve words that have a common meaning but variant forms.
Semantic requirements are functional descriptions of what defines a node, and how it is defined.
A semantic role is a category
Semantic roles represent the participants in an action or relationship captured by a semantic frame.
Semantic rules are instances of the class Grammar.
Semantic stack is manipulated in parallel with parser stack.
Semantic structure consists of units.
Semantic structure is a fancy term for an organization that represents meaning.
Semantic structures ch.
Semantic tense is represented by a character.
Semantic translators allow data model changes to be accomplished during translation.
Semantic web expresses information about web services.
Semantic web is much more powerful.
Semantic Web provides logic.
Semantical ambiguity occurs when a word or phase has more than one meaning.
Semantical nonsense arises when it is impossible to indicate what it is that one is talking about.
A semanticist is a linguist
Semanticists are concerned with what people can do with language.
Semanticists make a distinction between reference and sense .
Semanticists work on the principle that everything is either true or false.
Semaphore object is used for Thread Synchronization.
All semaphore operations are atomic.
A semaphore is apparatus
Semaphores act as primitive objects which perform synchronizations of several sorts.
Semaphores also support the context management protocol .
Semaphores are a concept to synchronize parallel task.
Semaphores are a quite old approach to synchronize parallel tasks.
Semaphores are an operating system facility used to control waiting.
Semaphores are apparatus.
Semaphores are cool.
Semaphores are extremely efficient however, and are widely used.
Semaphores are locks.
Semaphores are names of shared resources that the server keeps track of.
Semaphores are perfect for letting threads keep track of each other.
Semaphores are purely a voluntary, cooperative device.
Semaphores are simple and elegant and allow the solution of many interesting problems.
Semaphores are simple and powerful, and easy to misconfigure.
Semaphores are simpler and faster.
Semaphores are useful in limiting the number of threads a resource dispenser creates.
Semaphores belong to the allocating process.
Semaphores build on the functionality of mutexes while adding one important feature.
Semaphores can also solve the starvation problem.
Semaphores have their dangers.
Semaphores have three properties.
Semaphores operate in a similar manner, except that no messages are involved.
Semaphores provide a means for one task to jog another.
Semaphores provide a method of blocked waiting.
Semaphores provide a powerful synchronization tool.
Semaphores provide a solution to the mutual exclusion problem.
Semaphores provide an efficient and general purpose mechanism for protecting critical regions.
Semaphores solve the problem of lost wakeup calls.
Semaphores take a nonnegative integer value.
Semelparous animals spawn once only in their lifetime.
Semelparous organisms reproduce only once in their lifetime, such as annual plants .
Semelparous species reproduce only once.
Semen analyses provide information.
Semen quality is evaluated in the lab.
Semen quality is the third fundamental requirement that is examined.
Semen testing is a sophisticated and technical field.
Semen comes from different sources.
Semen comes from several different sources.
Semen comes from several sources.
Semen comes from sources.
Semen contains bicarbonate, ascorbic and citric acids, water, enzymes, fructose and sugar.
Semen contains materials.
Semen has (part) acrosomes.
Semen has (part) cell membranes.
Semen has (part) cytoplasm.
Semen has (part) flagella.
Semen has (part) nuclei.
Semen has (part) plasma membranes.
Semen has (part) sections.
Semen has (part) sperm.
Semen has (part) vacuoles.
Semen has characteristics.
Semen is humour
Semen isa substance.
Semen moves through the urethra and comes out of the hole at the tip of the penis .
Semen moves through the urethra and comes out of the hole at the tip of the penis.
Semen travelss through urethras.
A semester is a period
Semester ans academic year programs available.
Semester begins two weeks later.
Semester break The design of computer-based media is an interdisciplinary activity.
Semester break To see the next picture, click on the right arrow.
Semester classes one day a week for twelve weeks with a two-week break between sessions.
Semester courses hours to be arranged.
Semester Covers the basic fundamentals of mechanical drawing.
Semester culminates with student staging and coaching a medium-length scene from a modern play.
Semester elective open to eleventh and twelfth graders.
Semester ends for all schools.
Semester ends for all students.
Semester ends for graduate and professional development courses.
Semester ends Note that evening classes meet twice during the final week.
Semester ends, all schools.
Semester is a shorter tuition period.
Semester is fast approaching.
Semester is now active .
Semester leases for graduating or study abroad students.
Semester leave for research.
Semester Refers to the organisation of the teaching year.
Semester Use the links below to view job descriptions for all available positions.
Semester Winds Down.
Semesters afford students more time and interest in a given subject.
Semesters also force a student to be more focused in choosing a major.
Semesters are better.
Semesters are eight weeks long and are scheduled approximately four times a year.
Semesters are fifteen weeks in length, plus a sixteenth week for final exams.
Semesters are five and one half months long with a two week break between.
Semesters are part of school years.
Semesters are three months, three times a year.
Semesters are time periods.
Semesters are typically nine weeks long and take place once in the spring and once in the fall.
Semesters can snowball out of control.
Semesters Check on-line catalog for specifics.
Semesters end no matter how behind one is, and new ones begin.
Semesters following course titles indicate when each course is normally offered.
Semesters generally run in the Spring and Fall.
Semesters last ten to twelve weeks.
Semesters offered are in bold type .
Semesters offered are in bold type.
Semesters shown are for on-campus classes.
All semesters are fifteen weeks long.
All semesters have additional checking on session codes.
All semesters provide for clinical experiences and projects working in the community.
Every semester begins with a clean slate.
Every semester brings new challenges.
Every semester Expands students' knowledge of geometry, trigonometry and algebra.
Every semester is a new research project, built upon the experiences of the previous semesters.
Every semester is complete with professional speakers and job-seeking skills work shops.
Every semester is different, but students generally come from five to ten different countries.
Every semester is divided in chapters.
Every semester just gets better.
Every semester offers new opportunities for teaching.
Every semester requires participation in a production course requiring evening and weekend hours.
Every semester there are dozens of exciting Honors courses offered.
Every semester there are positions available for work in our campus computer labs.
Every semester there is a trip to visit a college campus and a blood drive.
Every semester there is always an article of complaint in the newspaper.
Every semester there is usually at least one faculty member on leave.
Some semesters have two pages of student pictures.
Some semesters offer more choices in some areas than other do.
Some semesters there are no vacancies, therefore only room swaps occur.
Semi stocks are back.
Semi stocks look really bad and mat trade even lower.
SEMI students attend a series of educational breakfast meetings.
Many semi's with more than one trailer, in the bumper to bumper traffic.
Some semiaquatic animals resemble giant guinea pigs.
Some semiaquatic animals resemble giant pigs.
Some semiaquatic animals resemble guinea pigs.
Some semiaquatic animals resemble pigs.
Semiaquatic species tend to be herbivorous - they tend to eat plants only.
Semiaquatic turtles produce toxic waste.
Semiaquatic turtles produce waste.
Most semiaquatic turtles produce toxic waste.
Most semiaquatic turtles produce waste.
Some semiaquatic turtles produce soluble urea.
Some semiaquatic turtles produce urea.
Semiautomatic boxes have some sort of mechanism to help remove the clumps.
A semiautomatic firearm is an autoloader
Most semiautomatic firearms accept detachable ammunition magazines of varying capacity.
A semiautomatic pistol is a pistol
A semiautomatic pistol is a semiautomatic firearm
Semiautomatic pistols account for half the weapons used in Detroit gun crimes.
A semiautomatic is a pistol
A semiautomatic is a semiautomatic firearm
Semiautomatics are available in high or low profile.
A semicircle is a figure
Semicircles are arcs.
Semicircles depict the separate downward continuation of each trace.
Any semicircle passing through the poles is called a meridian of longitude .
A semicircular canal is a sense organ
Semicircular canals detect rotation of the head due to endolymph movement against the hair cells.
Semicircular chisels are now in use for removing some of the parts between the lines of the design.
Semicircular wavefronts combine to make only the incident plane wave.
Semiclassical approximations are one of the major tools in the field of quantum chaos .
A semicolon is a punctuation mark
Semicolons allow items to be separated without advancing to the next print zone.
Semicolons are a fact of life.
Semicolons are another possibility, as are misplaced commas.
Semicolons are no better than commas.
Semicolons are punctuation.
Semicolons function as connectors , joining two points within a single context.
Semicolons generally signal a pause weaker than a period but stronger than a comma.
Semicolons go outside the codes.
Semicolons join independent clauses without the use of a conjunctive word.
Semicolons link lengthy clauses or clauses with commas.
Semicolons separate different meanings in the same entry.
Semicolons separate the information about individual symbol sets.
Semicolons separate two independent clauses.
Semicolons separate two or more references given together in one citation.
Several programs help parents moving off welfare pay for child care.
Several programs involve congregation members in activities that promote fellowship and friendships.
Several programs offer advantages to students interested in engineering.
Several programs offer combinations of two or more areas of study.
Several programs offer early morning and late evening sessions.
Several programs offer laypersons the chance to participate in serious scientific fieldwork.
Several programs offer supplemental financial aid.
Several programs offer training in both technical skills and soft skills.
Several programs offer two year positions with a primary objective of training academicians.
Several programs operate across the Peninsula.
Several programs permit combined sensor input.
Several programs provide academic enrichment and career-directed activities for participants.
Several programs provide access to updates.
Several programs provide certification for kindergarten through grade twelve.
Several programs provide counseling and support services to older adults and their families.
Several programs provide feedback to writers.
Several programs provide optional compatibility with PDAs.
Several programs provide reviews of order history, customer backlog, and current order status.
Several programs provide students with numerous options for the accomplishment of individual goals.
Several programs report generating personal letters to Asian friends and alumni.
Several programs report that they are financially stressed.
Several programs require a fee, and most require advanced booking.
Several programs require an audition, interview, or submission of creative material.
Several programs require higher grade point averages.
Several programs require input of a set of spacegroup symmetry operators in O format.
Several programs require special admission procedures and application deadlines.
Several programs require students to furnish uniforms and special safety clothing.
Several programs require students to furnish uniforms and special safety equipment.
Several programs run through the book to show different techniques for the same problem.
Several programs serve special health needs of people with disabilities and high-risk persons.
Several programs serve the community at large.
Several programs share similar goals.
Several programs stress the integration of research and education.
Several programs take place during the holiday season.
Several programs target entire families, including children and youth.
Several programs teach by immersing players in the new language.
Several programs train dogs to guide the blind.
Several programmes focus on promoting enterprise in the inner city areas with least investment.
Several programmers can work on modules independent of each other.
Several programming exercises in a widely used programming language supplement the discussion.
Several projects address inverters and converters in support of electric vehicle projects.
Several projects appear to have hit snags.
Several projects are active in the acoustic sensors area.
Several projects are active to renew or reclaim the shoreline.
Several projects are already complete, and construction underway on the rest.
Several projects are already successfully underway.
Several projects are already under way and a seminar sequence is being planned.
Several projects are available for rotation students.
Several projects are available in the general area of alternative energy sources.
Several projects are available on topics involving quantum chaos and nuclear structure.
Several projects are available that involve veterinary terminologies.
Several projects are available.
Several projects are both ongoing and have been completed relative to the monitoring of vegetation.
Several projects are currently active.
Several projects are currently in development.
Several projects are currently under construction in the area.
Several projects are currently underway on the state's barrier islands.
Several projects are currently underway, each leading toward a biologically active natural product.
Several projects are currently underway.
Several projects are in different stages of progress.
Several projects are in lead optimization and one has entered pre-clinical evaluation.
Several projects are in operation or under construction.
Several projects are in progress or development as follows.
Several projects are in the design or exploration phases.
Several projects are in the making.
Several projects are in the pipeline.
Several projects are in the works.
Several projects are in various stages of production.
Several projects are interdisciplinary.
Several projects are national or multi-state in scope.
Several projects are now open for investigation.
Several projects are now under development.
Several projects are now underway and include the ones listed below.
Several projects are now underway.
Several projects are on there now, and the list grows daily.
Several projects are ongoing, being planned and reported upon in our department at any given time.
Several projects are ongoing.
Several projects are pending.
Several projects are still in the design stage.
Several projects are still under construction.
Several projects are under development.
Several projects are under way to pass that information on to the public.
Several projects are underway as pilot studies in cross-culturual, multimedia collaboration.
Several projects are underway in residence halls and recreational buildings.
Several projects are underway in the southeast.
Several projects are underway involving landscape change detection and analysis.
Several projects are underway that use toxin sequences for the development of therapeutic agents.
Several projects are underway to develop butternut resistant to butternut canker.
Several projects are underway to digitize public domain books and historical documents.
Several projects are underway to do just that.
Several projects are underway to produce 'complete picture' species profiles.
Several projects are underway which combine laboratory and clinical studies.
Several projects are underway with many more being planned.
Several projects compare law enforcement technology training needs with available technology tools.
Several projects deal specifically with the start-up decision.
Several projects deal with different processes for the recovery of dumping sites.
Several projects detail the physics of sports, including basketball, cycling, and hockey.
Several projects develop technology tools for law enforcement technology training needs.
Several projects do, however, have a duration of only two years.
Several projects emphasize mathematical models or computer simulations of reasoning.
Several projects explore the relation of energetics, structure, and surface area.
Several projects feature interpreted collection databases.
Several projects have more detailed research notes available.
Several projects have to do with the determinants and consequences of physical attractiveness.
Several projects have videos available, and most have additional background material available.
Several projects illustrate machine structure and programming techniques.
Several projects incorporate yearly festive events and recurring temporary installations.
Several projects investigate tactile sensing and dexterous manipulation.
Several projects investigate the use of feedback to improve medical laser systems.
Several projects investigating the mouse's habits are under way.
Several projects involve applications of fluid mechanics.
Several projects involve bacterial oxygenases.
Several projects involve cellulose modification during synthesis.
Several projects involve chemical modification or functionalization of existing polymers.
Several projects involve contract research for industry.
Several projects involve faculty and students working with neighborhood residents.
Several projects involve investigating the biosynthetic pathway of cell wall components.
Several projects involve students in global marketing research.
Several projects involve the participation in seagoing research expeditions.
Several projects involving their detection are now underway.
Several projects planned for the expansion and renovation of our schools are near completion.
Several projects produce national newsletters.
Several projects related to medical imaging are also in progress.
Several projects remain ongoing while some originally assigned actions had been terminated.
Several projects report efforts to increase African-American and male recruitment.
Several projects represent repeat business with satisfied contractor customers.
Several projects require expertise in one field or another.
Several projects require significant programming skills.
Several projects seek to improve trees' resistance to insects, herbicides, and disease.
Several projects stress environmental applications.
Several projects threaten to develop grassland habitats that are used by raptors for foraging.
Several promoters produce shows in more than one state.
Several properties distinguish frameworks from the other approaches.
Several properties distinguish wheat from the other major agronomic crops grown in Michigan.
Several proposals are also currently under review for extramural funding.
Several proposals are currently under review.
Several proposals are in the discussion stages and depend on proprietary arrangements.
Several proposals are on the table.
Several proposals are or have been under consideration.
Several proposals are under consideration.
Several proposals are worth considering.
Several proposals await adoption.
Several proposals have notable supporters but none has a majority so no action has been taken.
Several proposals help business.
Several proposals help small business.
Most several proposals help business.
Most several proposals help small business.
Several propositions are likely to raise strong feelings among voters.
Several proteins are required for the foot projections to wrap around the capillaries and function.
Several proteins are strong allergens even in their unfolded state.
Several proteins produced by plants are already in clinical trials in the United States.
Several proteins work together as a machine to replicate chromosomes.
Several protesters emerge from the melee with bloodied heads.
Several protocols are already online.
Several protocols are available for treatment.
Several protocols are available.
Several protocols deal with multiple address families.
Several Protoctists are multi-celled or large.
Several proverbs advise against being naive and too trusting without careful consideration.
Several providers interconnect Luxembourg to the major European data hubs.
Several providers offer solutions with low or no upfront costs.
Several Provinces have legal aid programmes to provide defence attorneys for indigents.
Several provinces have programs to reduce the environmental risk associated with irrigation.
Several provinces have programs where older people volunteer to take on a grandparenting role.
Several provinces have similar legislation already.
Several provisions exist to control the introduction and spread of some exotic species.
Several provisions follow.
Several provisions provide guidance.
Several provisions provide targeted relief to various taxpayers.
Several provisions relate to pooling local government employers to help stabilize rates.
Several provisions support the conversion of public schools to charter status.
Several psychologists are directly involved with product development.
Several psychologists get together and discuss why it is that people help each other.
Several pterosaurs begin to starve to death, with the lucky ones eating archosaur carcasses.
Several pubs have music on weekends and serve meals.
Several publications are available for free distribution.
Several publications are available for free downloading.
Several publications are available here.
Several publications are available in a full text HTML-version.
Several publications are available in electronic format.
Several publications are available on recycling and recycled materials.
Several publications are available online on issues of civil and criminal law and victim services.
Several publications are available online.
Several publications are available.
Several publications are currently available for teachers, students and industry professionals.
Several publications are now available in electronic form as indicated in the list below.
Several publications are on literacy and numeracy.
Several publications are on-line as indicated.
Several publications are under preparation.
Several publications deal with prevention of heart disease through diet.
Several publications describe the course of the experiment and the results.
Several publications discuss how to measure blood pressure.
Several publications discuss spec ific policies and programs in detail.
Several publications discuss various aspect of soil fertility.
Several publications featuring local wildlife are available for sale.
Several publications offer full-text articles.
Several publications provide an international perspective on privacy issues.
Several publications provide guidance on welding and cutting safety and on reducing fire hazards.
Several publications reflect such an attitude.
Several publications target federal market.
Some several publications relate to management.
Some several publications relate to soybean aphid management.
Several publishers do continue to market older software.
Several publishers have books available that provide report card samples.
Several publishers publish books designed to aid the lay person in legal matters.
Several publishers write phrasebooks that cover groups of neighboring countries.
Several pulsars show organized features such as drifting bands in a highly pronounced manner.
Several pupils are in theatre workshops locally and appear on TV and radio.
Several pushcarts carry specialty gift items.
Several puzzles remain.
Several qualifications are in order.
Several qualities deserve attention.
Several qualities sperate deep cycles from starting type batteries.
Several quarries use a fuel oil and compressed air torch to quarry large blocks of granite.
Several quests seem ta be bugged.
Several questions address the effectiveness of their TA as a teacher.
Several questions are likely to arise in a commissioner's mind.
Several questions are obvious.
Several questions are of interest.
Several questions arise as to the role of glutamate in the process of glaucomatous optic atrophy.
Several questions arise when looking at the vast amount of money that flows into campaign coffers.
Several questions arise.
Several questions await further study.
Several questions beg to be answered.
Several questions come to mind here.
Several questions come to mind when one first looks at the archaeological site at Cinnamon Bay.
Several questions come to mind.
Several questions come up.
Several questions confirm eligibility for a grant.
Several questions do come to mind.
Several questions emerge about student characteristics.
Several questions emerge.
Several questions exist with respect to the unit of culture notion.
Several questions follow each lecture.
Several questions have to be raised and answered before planning is done.
Several questions occur.
Several questions ought to come to mind.
Several questions refer to the structure sections.
Several questions regarding fatigue remain unanswered.
Several questions regarding the search process come to mind.
Several questions regarding tick evolution exist.
Several questions remain open regarding the placement of leg sensory organs.
Several questions remain open.
Several questions remain regarding the future risk of cancer in child survivors.
Several questions remain though.
Several questions remain to be addressed, however.
Several questions remain to be addressed.
Several questions remain to be answered.
Several questions remain unanswered concerning the conduct of the Chinese government.
Several questions remain unanswered in terms of the specific relationship the two diseases share.
Several questions remain unanswered.
Several questions remain unresolved.
Several questions remain with regard to an external evaluation.
Several questions remain, however.
Several questions remain.
Several questions run through the book.
Several questions seem to keep popping up over and over again.
Several questions surround the shell armbands.
Several quizzes follow the various grammar sections.
Several races give key committee volunteers a stipend.
Several racks are available on a daily basis.
Several racquets are available for use.
Several radiopharmaceuticals are now available for use in oncology.
Several railroads come to it and through it already.
Several railroads have excess cars which earn revenue through leasing to other roads.
Several railroads link Mozambican ports with other African countries.
Several ramps collect tolls as well.
Several ranges restrict the number of attempts or tables any competitor can shoot.
Several ratios measure the operational impact and performance levels of cooperative operations.
Several reactions lead to intermediates that are also intermediates of glycolysis.
Several readers can gather around a single Magic Book and experience it together.
Several readers can look at the same book and share the story together.
Several readers can read together.
Several readers provide cgi-bin and tricks to verify a DDS backup tape automatically after a backup.
Several readers say they found the book through our web site.
Several readings are on reserve in the library that are linked to assignments and practice sessions.
Several reasons account for sudden increase in divorce rate.
Several reasons account for the agencys problems.
Several reasons account for the site selection.
Several reasons are available to explain dependency of the retrieval time on the problem size.
Several reasons are possible.
Several reasons are responsible for the outstanding Austrian export figures to Indonesia.
Several reasons are to blame for dwindling salmon populations.
Several reasons arise as to the cause of the onslaught of recent garbage programming.
Several reasons can attribute to that fact.
Several reasons can be advanced to explain the local perception.
Several reasons come to mind.
Several reasons emerge for a lack of trust of the web.
Several reasons exist for clinically monitoring drugs with the aid of pharmacokinetics.
Several reasons exist for the delay.
Several reasons exist for the increase in self-representation.
Several reasons exist for the success of email notificiations and advertisements.
Several reasons exist to keep sexual offenders incarcerated.
Several reasons exist.
Several reasons explain credit unions' popularity among consumers.
Several reasons explain the good health of most state economies.
Several reasons explain the growing calls for setting up regional support mechanisms.
Several reasons explain the higher prices.
Several reasons explain why some manufacturers commit relatively few resources for measuring parts.
Several reasons point to the increase in beef demand.
Several reasons seem plain.
Several reasons speak against everyday, massive demonstrations.
Several reasons suggest only the second makes sense.
Several reasons suggest themselves.
Several reasons support close follow-up.
Several rebels dash down the stairs.
Several receivers can pick up the signal from a single transmitter.
Several recipes are available in their free catalog.
Several recipes exist and continue to be discovered.
Several recommendations aim at reducing time to degree and hence overall cost.
Several recommendations are made for the improvement of fish passage guidlines.
Several recommendations come to mind.
Several recommendations focus on efficiencies.
Several recommendations focus on increasing the amount of oil from foreign producers.
Several recommendations require private or non-profit sector action.
Several records exist of attacks on humans by wounded morays.
Several recordings give different realizations of the score.
Several reduction are possible.
Several reels contain portions of South Dakota.
Several references are also available for young students in the general and periodical categories.
Several references are available in the library.
Several references are to the great food.
Several references present ideas for making such classes effective.
Several references recommend drinking urine for sleeplessness.
Several references suggest that the fragrance is very similar to that of honey.
Several refinements are possible depending on the circumstance.
Several refineries use a leak definition lower than the regulatory limit.
Several reflections arise.
Several reforms are possible.
Several regimens can provide relief from hot flashes.
Several regimens emphasize early introduction of an intensive multidrug regimen.
Several region seem slightly, than an chicken opposite an finger gain.
Several regulations apply to the resettlement grants.
Several regulations are the same across sites.
Several regulations exist to help in the prevention of overspills as well.
Several relationships are a function of the physical lake characteristics.
Several relics survive from the island's time as a religious centre.
Several religions forbid homosexuality or bisexuality .
Several religions forbid homosexuality or bisexuality.
Several religions have a system of monasteries.
Several rentals come with a boat, dock space, bicycle or golf cart provided in the rental's price.
Several repellents are effective against mosquitoes.
Several reports are available .
Several reports are available in full text, just click on the highlighted articles.
Several reports are available including a Schedule D Capital Gains and Losses report.
Several reports are available including the workplace chemical list.
Several reports are available on a periodic basis for tax reporting and analysis.
Several reports are available online.
Several reports are available that describe the research conducted thus far.
Several reports are available to assist the investigator or administrator to monitor spending.
Several reports are available.
Several reports are of interest to policymakers.
Several reports deal with assessment and, indirectly, standards.
Several reports deal with nutrient loading.
Several reports discuss the return of U.S. companies to Iraq to conduct secret negotiations.
Several reports exist of x-ray studies showing calcification of the basal ganglia.
Several reports exist on the efficacy of topical tretinoin.
Several reports indicate saw palmetto is effective in treating benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Several reports indicate that fusarium crown rot is cranking up on tomato.
Several reports link insulin-dependent diabetes to a specific protein in dairy products.
Several reports note residual effects for several days.
Several reports offer a variety of sort and selection criteria.
Several reports say that respondents expect continued construction weakness in the near future.
Several reports show correlation between ethnic backgrounds and common symptom groupings.
Several reports show the development of renal cell carcinoma in Tuberous sclerosis patients.
Several reports suggest that the gelatin in such vaccines can cause anaphylaxis.
Several reports support the value of multimedia.
Several reporters describe movements of waterfowl into the state.
Several requirements exist when enabling new export functionality.
Several requirements follow.
Several requirements refer to pre-engineering or professional program courses.
Several researchers are interested in interpersonal relationship dynamics.
Several researchers cite instances.
Several researchers cite some success with medications in the treatment of derealisation.
Several researchers claim that they have discovered a way to do just that.
Several researchers conduct trials.
Several researchers consider unopposed estrogen to be the only known cause of endometrial cancer.
Several researchers indicate that there is no effect.
Several researchers recommend fairy ring infected turf areas be fumigated.
Several researchers report preference.
Several researchers suspect auditory dysfunction in stutterers.
Several researchers urge that statistics be collected starting with elementary school.
Most several researchers cite instances.
Most several researchers conduct trials.
Most several researchers report preference.
Some several researchers report availability.
Some several researchers report raspberries.
Several residences have living rooms.
Several residences have rooms accessible to residents with disabilities.
Several residents are behind in quarterly payments by several quarters.
Several residents are starkly self-sufficient, living in cabins with no amenities.
Several residents are students in the community college or community universities.
Several residents blame the council for years of neglect to the flats.
Several residents choose to participate in school and community recreation programs.
Several residents have articles published in journals each year.
Several residents have water in their basement, or near the basement floor.
Several residents keep the library running smoothly.
Several residents maintain dog teams.
Several residents own their own homes in desirable areas of town.
Several residents participate in blanket weaving, jewelry making and moccasin sewing.
All shows carry a variety of merchandise, falling under no specific theme.
All shows count.
All shows currently booked are payable at the door only.
All shows differ slightly from society to society, region to region.
All shows end with or include limbo and conga line fun.
All shows go on, rain or shine, and dates and support acts are subject to change without notice.
All shows go on, rain or shine.
All shows hang for two weeks.
All shows have a specified closing date for entries.
All shows have an entry closing date which varies between several weeks to one week before the show.
All shows have operating layouts.
All shows have professional opening acts.
All shows listed are all-ages events.
All shows listed are of high sound quality.
All shows offer opportunities for the amateur as well as the seasoned competitor.
All shows pay hourly dues to generate funds for the station to continue operating.
All shows provide superlative entertainment at reasonable prices.
ALL shows require reservations prior to presentations.
All shows run one half hour.
All shows run one hour.
All shows start at appox.
All shows start on time.
All shows start promptly.
All shows traditionally sell out in advance.
Any show has to constantly change to keep it fresh.
Every show can have watermarks indicating theatre, time and date.
Every show carries a theme.
Every show contains a lot of profanity and graphic sexual humor.
Every show contains reports and special expert guests from various regions.
Every show ends with a confetti and balloon drop.
Every show features live music, audience participation, and unique prizes.
Every show has a different plot, and most of the time they are hilarious.
Every show has a moral, lesson, or topic that parents and children alike can learn from.
Every show has a moral.
Every show has a theme appropriate for little kids, such as dancing, time, doctors and cooperation.
Every show has a tune that can be taxing for the brass section.
Every show has an incubation period.
Every show has different aspects.
Every show has jam sets with anyone who is on the bill.
Every show has some kind of bad guy that kicks the hero in the balls a few times.
Every show here looks different from the last.
Every show is a fresh experience.
Every show is a learning process anyway because everything is so different.
Every show is a new experience.
Every show is a new opportunity to complete the work.
Every show is archived on the site permanently.
Every show is archived.
Every show is better than the one before it.
Every show is designed to take full advantage of the robust interest in new Internet programming.
Every show is different , the only thing that stays the same is the murderer.
Every show is different from the Previous show, because the audiences are different.
Every show is different too, with the room capable of being configured in many ways.
Every show is different with new music.
Every show is different, year to year and city to city.
Every show is different.
Every show is double-cast to allow for actors' changing schedules.
Every show is entertaining, fast paced, and full of humor and audience participation.
Every show is fast-paced and high energy fun.
Every show is in a certain genre.
Every show is interesting and good television.
Every show is like a trip to summer camp.
Every show is memorable for one reason or another.
Every show is tailored to fit the particular audience and good taste is always the order of the day.
Every show is the same.
Every show is unique and tailored directly to the client and their audience.
Every show is unique to each environment and group.
Every show is vested with improvisational energy from start to finish.
Every show is video-taped for reference.
Every show listed has wonderful writers, and they attempt to make show unique.
Every show needs a core audience to get the excitement and energy started.
Every show seems to be as good or better than the last one.
Every show spotlights one of the kids that have a talent like singing or playing in a band.
Every show starts with some premise, and because of that every show can be different.
Every show tops the last in size and growth.
Many shows also cater hot breakfasts eaten before the work day starts.
Many shows also feature special exhibits, such as wearable art, dolls, and special challenges.
Many shows also require a vet certificate verifying shots, so have that on hand as well.
Many shows are eager to have attendees pre-register.
Many shows are interactive.
Many shows are the term, or the shorter suffix 'tai' to indicate that there is a team of heroes.
Many shows assume ignorance.
Many shows depend on a panel of complementary or opposing guests.
Many shows do remain available throughout the spring.
Many shows even portray a struggle between different jurisdictions for the right to prosecute.
Many shows forbid the use of strollers.
Many shows have a Best of the Best.
Many shows have a long shelf life and remain top sellers for decades.
Many shows have exhibitor lounge area or convenient coffee shops or bars.
Many shows offer free parking for motorcycles.
Many shows offer special rates for large groups.
Many shows provide additonal information through their web sites which are listed in the calendar.
Many shows receive wide publicity and critical acclaim.
Many shows refuse to discuss baby-killing as a topic for an hour.
Many shows require a weigh-back.
Many shows require folks to prepare the food and handle a food concession at their shows.
Many shows sell out, especially the big-name acts.
Many shows sell out.
Most shows aim to make the highest possible profit at the expense of theatrical values.
Most shows allow bidding on pieces, and culminate in an auction for pieces with a lot of bids.
Most shows are a madhouse at the end of the day.
Most shows are about the actual production, our show is about the audience.
Most shows are free to Tech students.
Most shows are on the decline.
Most shows are one hour in length.
Most shows are one-person exhibitions of Massachusetts artists.
Most shows are probably pretty full but it's worth investigating.
Most shows are rock, but there are also techno, hip-hop, world and funk shows.
Most shows are sit-down, and tasty treats, plus wine and beer, are served in back.
Most shows are still on somewhere, sometime, so check the stations' web sites for the details.
Most shows are suitable for children of all ages with parental supervision.
Most shows are talk shows or demonstrations.
Most shows combine two or three artists whose works deal with similar themes.
Most shows come around the same time each year.
Most shows copy eachother and constantly go over the same storylines every couple of months.
Most shows have a judges' class or two.
Most shows have a very wide spectrum.
Most shows have height restrictions.
Most shows have maybe a couple of readings before recording.
Most shows have performance, conformation and fleece classes.
Most shows have plants for sale.
Most shows have the bad guy getting caught at the end.
Most shows offer live music as well.
Most shows really try to tug at the heartstrings and intellect of the viewer.
Most shows require the baby or milk teeth to be present when a market goat is shown.
Most shows require the supplier to load, transfer and unload all cattle used in the event.
Most shows run for fourteen performances over a three week period.
Most shows run one hour.
Some shows allow writers to come in to the office and pitch one or two story ideas to the producers.
Some shows also have a limit on the number of entries than can be accepted.
Some shows also have special areas where visitors can operate the controls themselves.
Some shows also involve others outside our group who participate semi-regularly.
Some shows also require a negative Coggins test, so be sure to have that ready.
Some shows appeal to both young and old alike.
Some shows are about witchcraft and magic.
Some shows are better than others, but most are quite good.
Some shows are better then others.
Some shows are bookable as part of hotel packages.
Some shows are easier to get tickets for than others .
Some shows are far off in time and distance.
Some shows are for big kids.
Some shows are for families.
Some shows are for kids.
Some shows are for parents.
Some shows are free, many are half price.
Some shows are free.
Some shows are harder than others but it's always three days.
Some shows are in the right demographic area, run by knowlegeable and concerned people.
Some shows are limited engagements or seasonal venues.
Some shows are limited to a specific subject, usually related to the show's guest.
Some shows are more fun to write about than they are to watch.
Some shows are prerecorded, others are live, often with an opportunity for listeners to call in.
Some shows are simply in a league of their own.
Some shows can be positive.
Some shows contain adult content and nudity.
Some shows counter the propaganda of the monopoly press.
Some shows display a definitely funnier streak than others.
Some shows do require exhibitors to prove their right to use music.
Some shows draw a bigger audience than others.
Some shows even have egg laying competitions such as the Perth Royal Show.
Some shows even have the original commercials intact.
Some shows exhibit extreme cartoon violence.
Some shows feature the group in loud pinstripe suits.
Some shows get dozens of press releases each day.
Some shows go downhill because of a death in the cast or characters.
Some shows go even further.
Some shows have a concessionary ticket price.
Some shows have a hodgepodge of source material, or require all kinds of stock footage.
Some shows have a lot of abuse and fights.
Some shows have a novice class for a floribunda spray and a miniature spray.
Some shows have a photo album of archived pictures.
Some shows have better luck in certain categories.
Some shows have classes only for animals reaching certain levels of production.
Some shows have complete episode guides on the web.
Some shows have consistency from season to season.
Some shows have dinner theatre packages available.
Some shows have modest ticket prices, others are free.
Some shows have terrific content that falls flat in the presentation.
Some shows have tooth rules and weight limits.
Some shows hold latecomers as long as twenty minutes after the curtain raises.
Some shows keep it simple while others have quite complex systems.
Some shows offer a high point award at the conclusion of the show.
Some shows offer a more informal arrangement.
Some shows offer both types of space.
Some shows offer celebrity freestyle classes.
Some shows offer classes for adults.
Some shows offer special classes for new riders or riders with special needs.
Some shows pretend that leading a homosexual lifestyle is okay.
Some shows really do show great disrespect for our quilts.
Some shows recognize when the party's over and bow out gracefully.
Some shows repeat the same ones week after week.
Some shows require advance tickets.
Some shows require an additional charge.
Some shows require exhibitors to provide separate forms for each contractor.
Some shows require special instructions.
Some shows run for a fixed duration - often one month.
Some shows seem to have a continual story but are also very episodic in nature.
Some shows sell out early.
Some shows still bring in huge audiences on network television.
Some shows straddle the fence.
Some shows targeting young children require that all children ove the age of one have a ticket.
Some shows targeting young children require that all children over the age of one have a ticket.
Some shows try to be all things to all people.
Some shows try to extend previews endlessly and avoid the critics.
Some shows turn stale with age and others find ways to stay fresh, frisky and fun.
Some shows use only one ad for the whole semester while others create new ads week by week.
Some shows use their comp rooms and airline points to bring students to work at a show site.
Most showbiz companies have conference rooms equipped with TVs and VCRs.
Showbiz families have notorious reputations for being religiously close-knit.
Showbiz stars fill the stands at the glitzy Grand Slam tournament.
Showbiz stars seem to be losing their glimmer at the polls.
Showbiz today is built on sand.
A showcase is a setting
Showcase checks out a new computer game that is taking the world by storm.
Showcase checks out how movie rumour sites are changing the whole film business.
Showcase checks out the popularity of professional wrestling on the Web.
Showcase lists their e-mail address every so often on air.
Showcase proves beyond doubt the superb design genius at work.
Showcase wetlands by providing community field trips, including canoeing, wading and traversing.
Showcases are a cousin of playing in clubs.
Showcases are also available for rent.
Showcases are also available.
Showcases are also in place in multiple markets in all of the our international geographic regions.
Showcases are an added feature.
Showcases are available monthly for static displays.
Showcases are demonstration of park programs and activities.
Showcases are devoted to the leading skate manufacturing companies.
Showcases are displayings.
Showcases are ideal for students who wish to experience less mainstream theater.
Showcases are open to players from freshmen up through graduated seniors.
Showcases are popular events to introduce new artists.
Showcases are setting.
Showcases are television stations.
Showcases contain product catalogs, helpful links, and more.
Showcases live guest performances.
Showcases live piano music on afternoons and evenings.
Showcases serve as regional resources to educators in other districts.
Showcases work by visiting and student photographers.
Showcases work in video, virtual reality modeling and the like.
Showcases often have dropouts and schedule changes that leave room for an extra performer.
All Showcased sites receive equal exposure as their logos rotate with each page refresh.
A showdown is a disagreement
Showdowns can produce notable process reforms.
Some shower baths are part of bathrooms.
Some shower baths are part of bungalows.
Some shower baths are part of castles.
Some shower baths are part of convents.
Some shower baths are part of cottages.
Some shower baths are part of farmhouses.
Some shower baths are part of houses.
Some shower baths are part of manors.
Some shower baths are part of monasteries.
Some shower baths are part of palaces.
A shower curtain is a curtain
Shower curtain Use clothesline to make a rod.
Shower curtains are capable of moves.
Shower curtains are curtains.
Shower curtains are doors.
Shower curtains are located in department stores.
Shower curtains are located in hotels.
Shower curtains are located in showers.
Shower curtains are part of bathrooms.
Shower curtains are used for isolation.
All shower curtains are in colorful boxes with a open window showing the curtains.
All shower curtains are in colorful boxes with an open window showing the curtain.
Most shower curtains are part of bathrooms.
Shower door is important Another item to review in the bathing area is the shower door.
Shower doors are located in bathrooms.
Shower doors are used for privacies.
Shower doors define one of the greatest changes in millennium baths.
Shower doors have to be special made and are back ordered.
Shower doors open in, stall doors open out.
Shower heads are a pretty popular way to masturbate.
Shower heads average five gallons per minute.
Most shower heads mount directly onto the shower pipe.
Most shower heads use five gallons per minute.
Shower singing is very much accepted here in Norway.
A shower is a plumbing fixture
Shower caps for glamorous bathing.
Shower caps for people with tiny heads.
Shower creatives with phony promotions.
Shower drains, pillowcases and washing machines are full of hair.
Shower examines the dying days of a grand old bathhouse in Beijing.
Shower filters to remove chlorine and heavy metals.
Shower handle on the bath platform with hot and cold water.
Shower includes small private area for changing, etc.
Shower is a pleasing story about shedding the skin of superiority and coming to terms with ancestry.
Shower is at the public bathroom of the village.
Shower is ceramic with tiled picture inlaid.
Shower is equipped with a temperature regulating valve.
Shower is in the centre between the vanities.
Shower is on the right.
Shower isa fixture.
Shower meteor only.
Shower opens with just that, a shower.
Shower passes available.
Shower relate among many soap after shot virginia cavaliers apparel.
Shower starts neurons firing.
Shower subscribe underneath the variation either send hot teen site.
Shower ucla bruins merchandise.
Shower varies from funny to touching, and is recommended.
Showers account for up to one-third of home water use for a typical family.
Showers affect areas.
Showers also allow employees to exercise at lunch.
Showers are a bit more of a luxury.
Showers are a distinct form of the fall of precipitation, rain or snow.
Showers are also available at the CRC building.
Showers are also available for all competitors free of charge.
Showers are also available.
Showers are also frequent.
Showers are also possible througout the afternoon along northern and eastern slopes.
Showers are always possible in the mountains.
Showers are available a short walk away in the lodge.
Showers are available after the race in the student rec center.
Showers are available and optional.
Showers are available at a central location.
Showers are available at Alder Bay as well.
Showers are available at camping area.
Showers are available at several locations.
Showers are available at the camp to all runners.
Showers are available at the fitness centers in each location.
Showers are available at the high school for a nominal fee each morning.
Showers are available at the lake.
Showers are available at the main campground.
Showers are available either on site or nearby.
Showers are available every night.
Showers are available for anyone who is in from out of the area and wants to come.
Showers are available for campers staying at the Lightning Lake campground.
Showers are available for parents use.
Showers are available free for registered guests.
Showers are available immediately beyond the finish area to help runners cool down.
Showers are available in both the men's and women's changing rooms.
Showers are available in camp and meals are served in the dining mess or in the open.
Showers are available in Herman.
Showers are available in several buildings.
Showers are available in summer season.
Showers are available in the camp and meals are served in the dining mess or in the open.
Showers are available in the camp and meals are served in the dinning mess or in the open.
Showers are available in the camp and meals are served in the mess.
Showers are available in the dressing room.
Showers are available in the evening.
Showers are available in the family campground.
Showers are available in the lodge.
Showers are available in the school.
Showers are available in the varsity lockerroom afterwards.
Showers are available most nights.
Showers are available near the campsite.
Showers are available on board.
Showers are available on grounds.
Showers are available on-site.
Showers are available to all students, but are optional.
Showers are available twice a week and laundry once a week.
Showers are available where indicated on the map at the clubhouse to contestants.
Showers are available, but the facilities are minimal.
Showers are available, but the water is lukewarm at best.
Showers are available.
Showers are bathing.
Showers are better.
Showers are Blessings .
Showers are cleaner.
Showers are coin operated.
Showers are coin-operated.
Showers are common.
Showers are communal and short.
Showers are cool and short.
Showers are descents.
Showers are down below.
Showers are down the hall from the bedrooms.
Showers are down the hall.
Showers are especially dangerous, of course.
Showers are fine.
Showers are free for campers, and pets are welcome at no additional charge.
Showers are free on the ferry.
Showers are free, and a boat ramp, boat parking and moorage are offered.
Showers are frequent in Canoe Country.
Showers are frequent.
Showers are fresh caught rain water, solar heated.
Showers are generally safer but make sure the temperature control is working efficiently.
Showers are heavy but they clear up as quickly as they come.
Showers are hot.
Showers are imported units.
Showers are in separate rooms on the other side of the lower level and are shared with other guests.
Showers are in the local public bath.
Showers are inside the restroom building, and there's always plenty of hot water.
Showers are likely in the eastern and southern islands during the morning.
Showers are likely tonight, with winds decreasing.
Showers are likely.
Showers are limited to a bag of hot water with a mini shower head.
Showers are limited, with water limited to that carried in the tanks.
Showers are located in houses.
Showers are located in locker rooms.
Showers are mandatory before entering the pool.
Showers are moldy.
Showers are more efficient than bath tubs.
Showers are no longer just for women only.
Showers are okay, but no baths, no hot tubs and no swimming.
Showers are on the grounds.
Showers are open air, there are no private stalls in the general showering area.
Showers are open for the season.
Showers are optional.
Showers are out.
Site includes dated listings of who's playing where.
Site includes dates for upcoming events and job opportunities.
Site includes dates, pics, bios, chat, and more.
Site includes dates, ticketing information and links.
Site includes dealer listings.
Site includes dealer locations.
Site includes dealer locator and customer service.
Site includes dealer locator and photo gallery of sample pendants, pins and earrings.
Site includes dealer locator.
Site includes decorating ideas and a list of retail stores.
Site includes demonstration video clips.
Site includes demos and source code.
Site includes demos and technical support.
Site includes demos, resume, rates, and fan feedback page.
Site includes demos.
Site includes department summaries and a pathways career online center.
Site includes desciption and other detailed information.
Site includes desciption and photos.
Site includes desciption, photos, and other detailed information.
Site includes description and testimonials.
Site includes description of involved products.
Site includes description of laws from around the world, penalties and purposes of law.
Site includes description of products and services.
Site includes description of sandblasting process and comparison of different blasting media.
Site includes description of the island and major sites and available tours.
Site includes description, and order form.
Site includes description, photographs and references.
Site includes description, pictures and a map of the course.
Site includes description, program opportunities, degree requirements, student quotes, and faculty.
Site includes description, rates, and available rooms at each establishment.
Site includes description, specifications, and short illustrative video.
Site includes description, usage instructions, images and ordering instructions.
Site includes descriptions and story of pictures.
Site includes descriptions and tips for searching.
Site includes descriptions of application types and contact information.
Site includes descriptions of current research projects.
Site includes descriptions of each of the characters.
Site includes descriptions of local ships wrecks.
Site includes descriptions of many health problems that can affect the eye.
Site includes descriptions of premises and amenities, a floor plan, and a calendar of events.
Site includes descriptions of projects and funding levels.
Site includes descriptions of recent events , often including images.
Site includes descriptions of research reports conducted by Catalyst.
Site includes descriptions of single tiles as well as installations and murals.
Site includes descriptions of walks and prices.
Site includes descriptions, a chronology, scholarly works, bibliography and more.
Site includes descriptions, images and ordering instructions.
Site includes descriptions, images and secure online ordering.
Site includes design philosophy, firm history, capabilities, and competed works.
Site includes designer profile, project reviews, articles, news and links.
Site includes designs of work and related information.
Site includes destinations, company info, flight schedules and online reservations.
Site includes detailed account of capabilities and applications.
Site includes detailed description and analysis.
Site includes detailed description of rituals and other information.
Site includes detailed discography.
Site includes detailed discussion of process and extensive range of available products.
Site includes detailed discussion of product features, benefits, and applications.
Site includes detailed explanation of equipment and process.
Site includes detailed explanation of processes and capabilities.
Site includes detailed history.
Site includes detailed information about the plots of the movies themselves.
Site includes detailed information and list of dealers.
Site includes detailed information on Florida law.
Site includes detailed information on process of rebuilding, photos of projects.
Site includes detailed information on services offered and insurance accepted as payment.
Site includes detailed information on the system requirements and benefits.
Site includes detailed information regarding tuition, staff, and special school events.
Site includes detailed information, images, and secure online ordering.
Site includes detailed information.
Site includes detailed itineraries - but no online booking facility.
Site includes detailed library of the various topics they address.
Site includes detailed list of available preventive maintenance services.
Site includes detailed maps and reports.
Site includes detailed maps of the region.
Site includes detailed product and application information.
Site includes detailed product description and specs.
Site includes detailed product descriptions.
Site includes detailed product information and free downloadable demo packages.
Site includes detailed product information.
Site includes detailed results, photos, and race reports .
Site includes detailed searching instructions.
Site includes detailed syllabi for each of the course's three modules.
Site includes details about the event, pictures, and a discussion forum.
Site includes details and contact information.
Site includes details and photographs of current inventory.
Site includes details and photographs of recent dives to local wrecks.
Site includes details and pictures of the accommodation and the area.
Site includes details and pictures of the farm and the area.
Site includes details of Australian suppliers.
Site includes details of available core and shaft sizes.
Site includes details of available items and current auctions.
Site includes details of available process and applications.
Site includes details of common needs and uses of appraisal services.
Site includes details of composition, features, and uses of possible end products.
Site includes details of conferences and publications.
Site includes details of current and forthcoming exhibitions.
Site includes details of current inventory and online enquiry form for both buyers and sellers.
Site includes details of current inventory.
Site includes details of current job vacancies and an online quiz for potential applicants.
Site includes details of current offerings.
Site includes details of current residential and commercial listings.
Site includes details of events, current programs, membership information, and links.
Site includes details of events, fixtures and results.
Site includes details of forth coming shows.
Site includes details of forthcoming courses, online training materials, resources.
Site includes details of future and past events.
Site includes details of history, membership, objectives, and activities.
Site includes details of inventory and current status.
Site includes details of itinerary and points of interest.
Site includes details of many of their market research reports but sadly no data.
Site includes details of member groups, background about the river, upcoming events, and links.
Site includes details of models currently in stock and a listing of used cars and trucks.
Site includes details of objectives, activities, and contact information.
Site includes details of product lines and current inventory.
Site includes details of product range and available services.
Site includes details of programs, success stories, membership details, and resource catalog.
Site includes details of recent property deals in the area.
Site includes details of research activities and press releases.
Site includes details of round trip, fares, and schedule.
Site includes details of services and example of completed installation.
Site includes details of services performed and industry accreditations.
Site includes details of services, projects and the current calendar of workshops and masterclasses.
Site includes details of the accommodation, links to local attractions, and pictures of the farm.
Site includes details of the accommodation, suggested itineraries and links.
Site includes details of the organisations work and publications.
Site includes details of the project and the groups involved and online access to survey results.
Site includes details of the project status, plans, and arts activities scheduled for the centre.
Site includes details of the summer program, history, and a photo album.
Site includes details of the tours available, current special offers, and contact details.
Site includes details of their services, gallery and order form.
Site includes details of their technical support plus registration information.
Site includes details of tours, the city of Moscow, obtaining a visa, and hotels.
Site includes details of UK clinics.
Site includes details of upcoming programmes.
Site includes details on admissions, financial aid and programs.
Site includes details on geological setting and style of mineralization.
Site includes details on how to apply and other information.
Site includes details on international conferences and training programs.
Site includes details on kits offered, news, articles, and contact information.
Site includes details on programs, people, area and campus news and notes.
Site includes details on the author, cast, characters, costumes and designs.
Site includes details on the innkeepers, rooms, history, and more.
Site includes details, prices, and contact info.
Site includes details, prices, and contact information.
Site includes diagrams on mounting options and information on how it was developed.
Site includes dictionary, book discussion and search engine.
Site includes diet tips, contest photos, supplement info, recipes, and portfolio.
Site includes digital art, fashion photography, portraits, and artistic nudes.
Site includes dining, lodging, shopping and recreation resources.
Site includes diocesan news and a parish directory.
Site includes directions and contact information.
Site includes directions and facility information.
Site includes directions for making realistic hooves to fit human hands.
Site includes directions for subscribing.
Site includes directions to the next run, club history, contacts, and photos.
Site includes directions to the next run, contact information, and photos.
Site includes directions to upcoming runs, club archives, photos, and lists of contact people.
Site includes directions, calendar and photos.
Site includes directions, facilities, and other information for the parks.
Site includes directions, photos, and links to related sites.
Site includes director bios, contact info and stills from past projects.
Site includes directories of disaster research centers and state emergency management agencies.
Site includes directories, classifieds, message boards, and more.
Site includes directory of centers, news, and contact information.
Site includes directory of current classes.
Site includes directory of juvenile boot camps.
Site includes directory of local community services, businesses, and recreational opportunities.
Site includes directory of members and links to sites with information about indexing.
Site includes directory of Papua New Guinea resources.
Site includes directory of program participants, resource kit, and information on getting involved.
Site includes directory, rush information, alumni forum, and chapter history.
Site includes disaster news and flood warnings.
Site includes discographies as well as pics and bios of the artists.
Site includes discographies for many other electronic music groups as well.
Site includes discography, downloadable photos, audioclips, song lyrics, and articles.
Site includes discography, gig dates, and pictures.
Site includes discography, lyrics and images.
Site includes discography, lyrics, photos, reviews, gig dates, and clips.
Site includes discography, news, bios, and is updated frequently.
Site includes discography, photos, band history, and show schedule.
Site includes discography, profiles and lyrics.
Site includes discography, schedule, biography, and pictures.
Site includes discography, show dates, and contact information.
Site includes discography, song lists, audio clips, and order information.
Site includes discography, sound files, and reviews.
Site includes discount coupons to print.
Site includes discussion area, chat room, personals for both male and female.
Site includes discussion area, lists of plays, quotes and more.
Site includes discussion board, chat, newsletters, links, and other resources.
Site includes discussion boards, articles, and chat.
Site includes discussion boards, membership information, and calendar of events.
Site includes discussion boards.
Site includes discussion forum and a schedule of events.
Site includes discussion forum, party documents, opinion articles, and party operations guide.
Site includes discussion forum.
Site includes discussion forums and conference information.
Site includes discussion forums, script synopses, opinions, and projects.
Site includes discussion of problems and their solutions.
Site includes discussion questions, extensions, and vocabulary.
Site includes discussions, teaching resources, journals, and news about civic education.
Site includes distribution maps, species accounts, and photos.
Site includes DJ profiles and pictures.
Site includes doctrinal statement and mission locations.
Site includes documentation, application research links, bibliography.
Site includes documentation, support, contact information.
Site includes documentation.
Site includes documents and audio recordings.
Site includes documents, newsletters and membership information.
Site includes documents, research and development, training, job aids, and conference information.
Site includes documents, sound bites, timelines, and interviews.
Site includes domestic and international news, live scores, fixtures, and players.
Site includes download and a general information page on the software.
Site includes download links, a background description and details of the game features.
Site includes download page, general information, and feedback from users.
Site includes download, mailing list, documentation, and FAQs.
Site includes download.
Site includes downloadable audio conferences.
Site includes downloadable catalog.
Site includes download-able catalogs and price lists.
Site includes downloadable commercial software that other companies have released for free.
Site includes downloadable demo.
Site includes downloadable demos and an extensive collection of links.
Site includes downloadable petitions, the party's programme and links.
Site includes downloadable upgrades for owners of previous versions.
Site includes downloadable video clips of different applications.
Site includes dozens of commercial audio files, jingles, WAVs, and real audio clips.
Site includes dozens of sound clips.
Site includes drawings of previously designed homes.
Site includes drawings, plans, and downloadable cad files.
Site includes dress code, curricuum for upper grades, newsletter, and academic calendar.
Site includes drink specails coupon, chat, softcore videos, and pics of the dancers.
Site includes driver profiles, links and news feeds.
Site includes driver, pledge and link information.
Site includes driving directions, online order form and wine club information.
Site includes driving directions, upcoming events, ticket and seating information.
Site includes drug description, dosage, and side effects.
Site includes drug description, side effects, and dosage.
Site includes drug description, side effects, and dosages.
Site includes drug description, side effects, dosage information, and side effects.
Site includes drug dose, side effects, and information on using the drug during pregnancy.
Site includes dynamic links to web page resources for images, other online tutorials, and web tools.
Site includes eagle facts, info on eagle restoration, and picture galleries.
Site includes earchable database of current inventory.
Site includes e-commerce features.
Site includes economic news and reports.
Site includes economic profiles, available land, and more.
Site includes editorial backissues library, news, and links.
Site includes editorial, obituaries, and selected news and sports stories.
Site includes editorials and a message board.
Site includes editors choice product selections, hardware auctions and user opinions.
Site includes educational and teaching resources.
Site includes educational articles and donor information.
Site includes educational component.
Site includes educational information and data about the mutual fund industry.
Site includes educational materials.
Site includes educational outreach and curriculums.
Site includes educational resources and workshop info.
Site includes electronic networking forums, a resume bank, and a career chat room.
Site includes eligibility for medical programs information.
Site includes e-mail connection on all pages.
Site includes e-mail directory.
Site includes email, forum, chat, e-card and more.
Site includes employment and volunteering information.
Site includes employment listings, a newsletter, and well-organized links to legal career resources.
Site includes employment trends, labor force statistics, wage data, etc.
Site includes endorsements and health claims.
Site includes English and Dutch content.
Site includes entertainment news, interviews and reviews.
Site includes entire music list that can be played.
Site includes entrepreneurship links.
Site includes entries, results, archives, links to webcasts and much more.
Site includes entry form and pageant information.
Site includes entry information, course maps, and past results.
Site includes entry requirements, currency, clothing, destinations, map, hotels, and tours.
Site includes episode guides, video clips, and information on the radio show.
Site includes equipment specifications and capacities.
Site includes essays and some humor.
Site includes essays on dramatic writing.
Site includes essays on libertarianism.
Site includes essays on the interaction of politics and technology.
Site includes essays, bibliographies, and information about classes, performances and balls.
Site includes essays, biographies, and images.
Site includes Etruscan history, art, and cities.
Site includes evaluations done by students of the listed sites.
Site includes event calendar, club info, photos and a newsletter.
Site includes event calendar, neighborhood photos, public works projects, and links.
Site includes event calendar, newsletter, horses for sale.
Site includes event details, applications, course description, and results of past relays.
Site includes event information, prime rib specials, and menu.
Site includes event information, schedule, artist profiles, and travel information.
Site includes event information, virtual tours and local news.
Site includes event listings and reviews, photo galleries, and business directory.
Site includes event listings, history, and ticket information.
Site includes event schedules, scores, pictures, and policies.
Site includes event, program, and publication information.
Site includes events and a message board.
Site includes events calendar with info about each event.
Site includes events calendar, fax-in order form.
Site includes events calendar, links, membership info.
Site includes events calendar, research links, production services and fan clubs.
Site includes events calendar.
Site includes events information, travel tips, and contact information.
Site includes events listings, etc.
Site includes events schedule and directions.
Site includes events, advocacy resources and membership information.
Site includes events, articles and membership info.
Site includes events, articles and membership information.
Site includes events, dining shopping, clubs, gay life, etc.
Site includes events, directions, leagues and general information.
Site includes events, membership and links.
Site includes events, news, and a microfilm index.
Site includes events, newsletters, minutes, executive members, and links.
Site includes events, notices, roll of honour, and more.
Site includes events, partnership profiles and tools, and a guide to articles and publications.
Site includes events, programs, sky theater, and astronomy club.
Site includes everything from navigation charts to boat inspections to regulations.
Site includes exam demo.
Site includes example of recently developed cross hole drilling machine.
Site includes example pages.
Site includes examples and provides FAQ section with guidelines to process and applications.
Site includes examples and sketches of possible configurations.
Site includes examples and software recommendations.
Site includes examples in welding plants, machine shops, and foundries.
Site includes examples of capabilities.
Site includes examples of clients and completed assignments.
Site includes examples of completed products.
Site includes examples of completed projects and sample list of clients.
Site includes examples of completed projects.
Site includes examples of end products.
Site includes examples of end results with variety of components and surfaces.
Site includes examples of new machinery and details of available used machines.
Site includes examples of original charcoal sketches.
Site includes examples of possible industrial and commercial applications.
Site includes examples of potential designs and components.
Site includes examples of recent contracts.
Site includes examples of recently completed projects.
Site includes examples of successful applications.
Site includes examples of the artist's work, pictures and biographical information.
Site includes examples.
Site includes excellent health care info.
Site includes excellent link page.
Site includes excellent on-line basics lessons .
Site includes excellent photographs.
Site includes excellent resources on managing diversity.
Site includes excellent tips for new owners as well as other useful and interesting info.
Site includes excerpts and etexts of early series and commentaries about the authors or their works.
Site includes excerpts and subscription information.
Site includes excerpts.
Site includes exhibit and picture gallery.
Site includes exhibition schedules, images from current exhibitions, and gallery.
Site includes exhibitions and public programs.
Site includes exhibitions, articles, museum calendar of events.
Site includes exhibits of rare books and links to Internet resources in science and technology.
Site includes experiments and projects for the study of things at low temperatures.
Site includes experiments kids can try on their own.
Site includes explanation of basic balancing concepts.
Site includes explanation of electro-chemical process utilized in etching product line.
Site includes explanation of mission.
Site includes explanation of processes and applications.
Site includes explanation of product features and applications.
Site includes explanations in English.
Site includes explanations of techniques and background information of styles and founders.
Site includes export database, plus company and product databases.
Site includes extensive biographical details, news of irish comedians, and comedy shows.
Site includes extensive details of the project's history, objectives, and current status.
Site includes extensive document library covering organic issues.
Site includes extensive glossary and online quotation form.
Site includes extensive information and resources about the alliance and the services provided.
Site includes extensive information for visitors or prospective residents.
Site includes extensive information on stallions, bloodstock services, and facility.
Site includes extensive library and teacher resources and family history searching.
Site includes extensive link collection.
Site includes extensive links to Roman sites online as well as links to primary resources.
Site includes extensive links to the biomedical community on a large number of topics.
Site includes extensive listings.
Site includes extensive multimedia content that correlates with texts.
Site includes extensive news on issues of interest to technology workers.
Site includes extensive plant lists, and guide to the water gardener's year.
Site includes extensive reference materials and photos of recent installations.
Site includes extensive resources and information.
Site includes extensive resources for trip planning, reservations and family activities.
Site includes extensive technical background and product information.
Site includes extensive town information and some virtual tours of in house listing.
Site includes extracts from every Eland-published book and a complete catalogue.
Site includes extracts from quarterly newsletter and local spray-liaison contacts.
Site includes facilities for opening account, requesting quotations, and placing orders.
Site includes facility and regional information, rates, and contact information.
Site includes facility information, local activities, and online booking information.
Site includes facility, contact, and local attraction information.
Site includes facilty to search for a loss adjuster.
Site includes fact sheet and an article.
Site includes fact sheet, sponsors, walker forms, tips, and more.
Site includes fact sheets on frequently asked questions.
Site includes fact sheets, organizing materials, action alerts, and more.
Site includes facts about the ship, photos and drawings, and more.
Site includes facts and cool photos.
Site includes facts and photos of different eagle species.
Site includes facts and photos of different marine turtle species.
Site includes facts and scientific classification.
Small children like to pull on things.
Small children lose position when a sibling is born.
Small children love big words.
Small children love repetition.
Small children love the terrors of the high seas too.
Small children love to explore and taste.
Small children love to get hugs, but young skin is especially sensitive.
Small children love to get into everything.
Small children love to play in the wading pool, and everyone can enjoy relaxing on the sun deck.
Small children name their stuffed toys and their imaginary friends.
Small children offer cigarettes for sale.
Small children play with handmade wire toys in the loose sand.
Small children produce more saliva.
Small children require no restriction following routine hernia repair.
Small children require supervision, it's that simple.
Small children ride free.
Small children ride little joeys rather than pedal bicycles to school.
Small children run back and forth between the play ground and the banks of the creek.
Small children run screaming with terror at the sight of a diver in a rebreather.
Small children seem to pick up language and local customs with no effort.
Small children selling postcards and shoeshining services can be quite ruthless.
Small children take frequent naps.
Small children take their parents as models.
Small children tend to create disturbances during performances.
Small children tend to fall into the categories of either visual or auditory learners.
Small children tend to put things in their mouths.
Small children tend to stick almost anything in their mouths.
Small children tend to try out their teeth on anything within reach.
Small children use a padded leg-strap saddle.
Small children use one pair of skis for all disciplines, and learn to jump, skate, slalom, etc.
Small children use pictures to rate their pain.
Small children use pictures with faces, ranging from smiling to crying, to rate their pain.
Small children use their mouth to measure the size of objects.
Small children watch television shows with fighting and guns.
Small children watch TV more than they do anything else but sleep.
Small children welcome in cottages.
Small children welcome.
Many small children prefer to drink their meals.
Many small children receive injuries or die in runover accidents each year.
Most small children are inquisitive and like to handle other's belongings.
Most small children become adults.
Most small children become young adults.
Most small children come in contact.
Most small children do, until they get brainwashed that receiving is a no-no.
Most small children get soil in their mouths.
Most small children have incredible aspira- tions and dreams.
Most small children recive peritoneal dialysis.
Some small children cause injuries.
Some small children cause serious injuries.
Some small children come into contact.
Some small children delight in showing off.
Some small children experience severe reaction.
Some small children fall into buckets.
Some small children form a special attachment to a stuffed animal or blanket.
Some small children have fever convulsions related to rapid increase in temperature.
Some small children kick cats.
Some small children swallow toothpaste.
Small china doll with unjointed limbs.
Small chocolate cookies on delicate white china plates fill the kitchen table.
Small choices can bring consequences that seem all out of proportion to the choices themselves.
Small chunks are best for stuffing into pita bread.
Small chunks are recommended.
Small church has potential for growth.
Small Churches Are Beautiful .
Small churches are called chapels.
Small churches are family churches.
Small churches are intimate.
Small churches are more likely to be ruled by a bully or two who live for control.
Small churches become family chapels.
Small churches can easily include testimonies and sharing times in their services.
Small churches come closest to being a ministry of the laity.
Small churches have character, but more so, characters, and they are usually very visable.
Small churches have unique gifts.
Small churches hire pastors to do what the family needs done.
Small churches learn the most effective way to work together.
Small churches make up most of our denomination.
Small churches minister well beyond their roles.
Small churches outperform large churches in seven out of the eight categories.
Small churches retain members better, partly through involvement and largely through relationships.
Small churches serve various ethnic and economic groupings of people.
Small churches tend to be lay-run organizations.
Small churches tend to be obsessed with a vision to survive.
Small churches use the elements especially appropriate for small worship groups.
Every small church has their own calendar around which they function.
Many small churches are in a rut.
Many small churches feel inferior.
Many small churches slip into a survival mentality, which seems to hasten their demise.
Most small churches spend little on evangelism and outreach.
Most small churches start with a time of fellowship with coffee and refreshments.
Some small churches are suspicious.
Some small churches expect the pastor to be in charge of keeping the facility clean.
Some small churches feel isolated.
Some small churches have a hard time feeling good about themselves.
Some small churches have members who are of a predominant ethnic background.
Small circles are circles drawn on a sphere that are smaller than the sphere.
Small circles are satellites to the large, dark core.
Small circles are tangent to the sides of the strip and inside the strip.
Small circles offer Bible study, Christian fellowship and ministries.
Small circles represent best-fit poles to cleavage planes for individual formations.
Small circles represent fixations and lines represent scan paths.
Small circles represent fixations contributing to clusters.
Small circles show selected city locations as labeled.
Some small circles represent atoms.
Small citizens spring with enterprise, urgently called by divine deadlines.
Many small cities are open to the possibility of purchasing water rather than producing it.
Many small cities offer the advantage of unspoiled landscapes within just a short drive.
Most small cities have at least one store that makes curtains.
Some small cities are completely computerised but they're surrounded by desert.
Small claims are a special matter.
Small claims are expensive for insurance companies to handle.
Small claims can actually be fair big claims to a starving artist.
Small claims is much friendlier than eviction court.
Small claims mod.
Small Claims Practice in the United States.
Small Claims Provides a forum where minor civil disputes are resolved quickly and inexpensively.
Many small claims arise from defective or misrepresented goods and services.
Some small clams use feet.
Small class consists of documents whose sizes are less than the median.
Small classes allow a personal relationship between teacher and students.
Small classes allow all students to participate in classes.
Small classes allow chefs to supervise and build hands-on skills.
Small classes allow dynamic interaction between professors and students, individually or in teams.
Small classes allow dynamic interaction with professors and in student groups.
Small classes allow easy and informal communication between faculty and students.
Small classes allow faculty members to provide individualized attention to students.
Small classes allow faculty to enjoy a lively interaction with students.
Small classes allow for a great deal of individual attention.
Small classes allow for a lively exchange between faculty and students, and dialogue is encouraged.
Small classes allow for carefully guided instruction in stroke technique and water safety.
Small classes allow for close student-faculty interaction.
Small classes allow for individual attention and create an atmosphere of friendship.
Small classes allow for individual attention and focus.
Small classes allow for individual attention and hands on experience.
Small classes allow for one on one instruction.
Small classes allow for personal attention to each child's learning needs.
Small classes allow for small laboratory sections and plenty of personal attention.
Small classes allow for the individual attention a student needs to develop skills and ability.
Small classes allow individual attention and interaction with professors and students.
Small classes allow individualized instruction and help from professors.
Small classes allow individuals to develop into highly motivated and involved students.
Small classes allow instructors to give individualized attention to the dancers.
Small classes allow interaction between the professors and the students.
Small classes allow opportunities for individualized learning.
Small classes allow personal attention from professors.
Small classes allow professors to know their students.
Small classes allow professors to really get to know their students.
Small classes allow students to meet and talk with the best.
Small classes allow students to receive considerable personal attention.
Small classes allow students to speak more with the teacher.
Small classes allow teachers to give each student individual instruction.
Small classes allow teachers to provide individual attention to every student.
Small classes allow work to be completed in a shorter length of time.
Small Classes are available for all business courses.
Small classes are best for learning quickly.
Small classes are expensive.
Small classes are more preventative than remedial in approach and benefit all students.
Small classes are nice, but there is such a thing as too small.
Small classes are part of the school's allure.
Small classes are quieter.
Small classes are the rule and faculty members know their students by name.
Small classes are the rule.
Small classes assure attention to individual needs.
Small classes assure each student individual help when desired.
Small classes assure outstanding student-teacher interaction.
Small classes assure students of opportunities for individual attention.
Small classes assure that each student is challenged as an individual.
Small classes can be very helpful in education in general.
Small classes contribute to an effective, enjoyable atmosphere conducive to easy learning.
Small classes contribute very much toward students' achievements.
Small classes emphasize individual attention.
Small classes enable faculty and students to know each other very well.
Small classes enable faculty to give individual attention to students.
Small classes enable our teachers to meet the student's individual needs.
Small classes enable students to benefit from individual instruction.
Small classes encourage academic achievement and growth.
Small classes encourage active participation from each student.
Small classes encourage active participation from students.
Small classes encourage active participation in discussions and projects.
Small classes encourage close interaction between instructors and students.
Small classes encourage discussion and discovery.
Small classes encourage discussion and the development of skills of argumentation.
Small classes encourage discussion and the interchange of ideas.
Small classes encourage group discussions and critical thinking.
Small classes encourage individualized attention from the instructors.
Small classes encourage intense intellectual engagement by both students and faculty.
Small classes encourage personal attention from faculty member.
Small classes encourage personal interaction with instructors and peers.
Small classes encourage strong professional and personal connections.
Small classes encourage the in-depth exploration of ideas.
Small classes ensure a personalized environment and plenty of individual attention from teachers.
Small classes ensure attention to the individual skills and developmental level of each child.
Small classes ensure cadets receive personal and individual attention.
Small classes ensure close personal attention to the academic and personal welfare of students.
Small classes ensure focused student-teacher interaction.
Small classes ensure individual attention.
Small classes ensure individual student attention.
Small classes ensure intimate dining.
Small classes ensure lots of personal instruction.
Small classes ensure personal attention and a chance to practice.
Small classes ensure personal attention.
Small classes ensure students access to faculty at any time.
Small classes ensure that each student gets individual attention.
Small classes ensure that each student's individual needs are addressed.
Small classes ensure that students receive individual attention.
Small classes ensure that students receive personal attention and help from instructors.
Small classes ensures personalized attention for all students.
Small classes facilitate academic success.
Small classes facilitate discussion, individual attention, and group activities.
Small classes facilitate easy interaction with faculty.
Small classes facilitate individual attention to every student.
Small classes facilitate individual instruction and attention for all students.
Small classes facilitate individual participation and attention.
Small classes facilitate individualized diagnosis and practice.
Small classes facilitate intense but friendly student-faculty interaction.
Small classes facilitate personal attention and provide ample opportunity for discussion.
Small classes facilitate professional interaction and foster esprit de corps.
Small classes facilitate the interactive learning process.
Small classes foster a sense of intimacy and individualism here.
Small classes foster individual attention to students' needs.
Small classes give maximum opportunity to speak and learn.
Small classes give students an edge.
Small classes give students and instructors a sense of familiarity.
Small classes give students individual attention.
Small classes give teachers the opportunity to provide individual attention to their students.
Small classes guarantee close individual attention.
Small classes guarantee individual attention and interaction between students is emphasized.
Small classes guarantee individual attention for everyone.
Small classes guarantee maximum learning progress.
Small classes guarantee quality instruction.
Small classes guarantee students more personalized instruction.
Small classes have a broad spectrum of benefits.
Small classes help students develop a comfortable, personal relationship with faculty.
Small classes impress people who rate colleges, as do high retention percentages.
Small classes insure a productive workshop experience, and early registration is recommended.
Small classes insure individual attention at all time.
Small classes insure individualized attention and access to all resources.
Small classes insure personal attention.
Small classes keep the educational process personal.
Small classes lead to meaningful exchanges of ideas and perspectives.
Small classes led by experienced teachers ensure good individual attention.
Small classes make for personal attention from a nationally-recognized faculty.
Small classes make it easy to get involved in discussions.
Small classes make it possible for faculty to respond to individual needs.
Small classes make possible personalized instruction and advising.
Small classes maximize individual attention.
Small classes mean individualized attention.
Small classes mean more individual attention.
Small classes mean more opportunities for personal attention from professors.
Small classes mean more personal instruction.
Small classes mean personal attention from faculty.
Small classes mean staff and students get to know each other.
Small classes mean students form strong personal friendships with other students and faculty.
Small classes means more individual attention, and professors that are approachable.
Small classes offer a one on one exchange between teachers and students.
Small classes offer an ideal setting, fostering close relationships with students.
Small classes offer an opportunity for personal attention from professors.
Small classes offer each participant ample opportunity for discussion with instructors.
Small classes offer individual attention and support.
Small classes offer personal attention.
Small classes optimize opportunities for interaction between faculty and students and for practice.
Small classes permit abundant opportunities for each child to receive individual attention .
Small classes permit personalized teaching.
Small classes permit plenty of practice.
Small classes promote interaction among teachers and students.
Small classes promote performance opportunities, leadership qualities, and musical growth.
Small classes provide a stimulating yet supportive atmosphere in which every student can thrive.
Small classes provide all dance students with in-depth experience in all performance areas.
Small classes provide an enriched educational environment for both students and faculty.
Small classes provide an excellent context for interaction and discussion.
Small classes provide for real personal guidance and close contact between students and faculty.
Small classes provide individual attention and guidance throughout the program.
Small classes provide individual attention.
Small classes provide individualized attention.
Small classes provide more individual attention.
Small classes provide opportunity for group discussion and individual graduate adviser attention.
Small classes provide plenty of attention and personal help.
Small classes provide students with more individual attention than at a four-year institution.
Small classes provide students with the extra attention and support to accomplish their goals.
Small classes provide the atmosphere that fosters academic risk-taking and achievement.
Small classes provide the opportunity for intensive practice.
Small classes provide the opportunity for personal attention.
Small classes represent another inefficient use of faculty resources.
Small classes support a commitment to a high level of civil discourse conducted on a human scale.
Small classes taught by competent, dedicated professors provide an excellent academic environment.
Small classes taught by experienced scholars give the opportunity for interactive learning.
Small classes translate into heightened competition for members among the student groups.
Many small classes have prerequisite courses which enroll large numbers of students.
Small classrooms provide individualized instruction in a highly structured setting.
Small clinics are run by one or more general practitioners or practice managers .
Small clinics are run by one or more general practitioners or practice managers.
Small clots can block pressure catheters, and prevent pulse waves from reaching the transducer.
Small clots can dislodge and go to the brain or other parts of the body from the mitral valve.
Small clots form imparing perfussion.
Some small clots break up by themselves as they move through the blood stream.
Small clothespins hold it all in place while it dries.
Small clouds can generate electricity.
Small clubs have a smaller margin of error when it comes to player development.
Small clumps are easier to work with than big unruly bundles.
Small clumps clump into larger clumps.
Small clumps sweep through the disk, becoming larger and larger.
Small clusters form thorough positive feedback, and then the clusters coalesce.
Small cockroaches are more likely to die on their backs than large cockroaches.
Small collectors can have their axis tilted up to increase the solar radiation on the collector.
Small colleges are financially and administratively efficient.
Small colleges are jewels.
Small colleges are often somewhat isolated in communities that can be oppressively left.
Small colleges can offer courses taught by some of the world's leading scholars.
Small colleges can often carry out interdisciplinary projects more easily than large schools.
Small colleges emphasize values.
Small colleges face other challenges in recruiting the best young minds.
Small colleges focus on the education of the undergraduate student.
Small colleges offer curricula and a teaching environment with important advantages.
Small colleges provide an education for a lifetime.
Small colleges provide high quality education to all kinds of students.
All small colleges claim to have close community - but there are wide differences.
Most small colleges lack facilities for significant research.
Small colonies contain individuals.
Small colonies do very well in planted vivarium.
Most small colonies contain individuals.
Some small colonies occupy patches.
Small comets are just camera noise.
Small comfort lies in things as yet unknown.
Small commissions are welcome.
Small commitments lead to big ones.
Small communities appear nearby along the coast line, and occasionally the site is visited.
Small communities appear to face a greater possibility of failure.
Small communities are apt to have fewer distractions for students than large cities.
Small communities are concerned with infrastructure.
Small communities are generally less prepared and know little about their vulnerability to drought.
Small communities are much more vulnerable when a large employer leaves.
Small communities are now the major beneficiaries of the program.
Small communities dot the landscape, where people still live the old way of life.
Small communities exist in Europe as well, especially in France, Portugal and Hungary.
Small communities have people.
Small communities lie every few kilometers, except for the stretch along the shore.
Small communities lie every few kilometers.
Small communities offer local galleries, playhouses, dinner theatres and historic dramas.
Small communities put displays in store windows, libraries or other public places.
Small communities result in fewer choices and closer inter-marriages.
Many small communities depend on the success of agriculture for their sustainability.
Many small communities lack the resources to adequately document their existing needs.
Most small communities have medical centers equiped to deal with minor problems.
Most small communities have people.
Most small communities rely on volunteer boards, unsupported by trained staff.
Some small communities are lucky to have had the foresight to establish local historical societies.
Some small communities have managers who are either volunteers or part-time employees.
Small companies act quickly because the same reasons.
Small companies are a lot easier to picture.
Small companies are a real powerhouse of job creation in the United States.
Small companies are able to access a global market, too.
Small companies are able to manage the entire company at once.
Small companies are also a superb training ground for amateur actors of any age.
Small companies are also able to register themselves as a domain using the software.
Small companies are critical to our country both within and outside of it.
Small companies are easy to depict.
Small companies are exempt from some federal employment laws.
Small companies are extremely vulnerable because of their limited resources to guard against theft.
Small companies are in a much better position than their larger brethren to expand their businesses.
Small companies are increasingly under pressure to register.
Small companies are integral to our communities.
Small companies are likely to be acquired in the rush to market dominance.
Small companies are more aggressive and flexible to customers' needs and payment abilities.
Small companies are more agile in turbulent times.
Small companies are numerous, but still financially weak and, in many cases, fighting for survival.
Small companies are often able to attract people who think outside the box.
Small companies are the backbone of international trade.
Small companies are typically concerned.
Small companies attract class action suits when the investor feels humiliated or exposed.
Small companies band together to make themselves a more attractive risk.
Small companies believe government regulations are more problematic than do large firms.
Small companies benefit, too.
Small companies can act big, but they still have to do it all.
Small companies can act big.
Small companies can adapt quickly to market changes.
Small companies can benefit greatly from the right arrangement with an outsourcing partner.
Small companies can compete with larger companies, because IT can do much of what a large staff do.
Small companies can compete with major corporations.
Small companies can give more personal service and more attention.
Small companies can look very impressive.
Small companies can manage fine with low-end Web stores or hosted storefront services.
Small companies can partner with larger businesses.
Small companies can usually begin shipping much faster.
Small companies compete just as effectively as large companies.
Small companies competing in standardized product areas face serious challenges.
Small companies continue to dominate the Polish retail market.
Small companies create and destroy jobs at a higher rate , since they start from a smaller base.
Small companies fail, or disappoint, at a much higher rate than big ones do.
Small companies fear the involvement of the government in business.
Small companies get an advantage over big ones.
Small companies give nice, steady business with lots of reorders.
Small companies hate it.
Small companies have a big advantage when it comes to Internet advertising.
Small companies have a lot to offer.
Small companies have a significant impact on the local economy.
Small companies have an advantage over large ones in keeping close contact with staff.
Small companies have at least one PC today.
Small companies have fewer resources to respond to sudden increases in workload.
Small companies have limited options for getting on the Web.
Small companies have little of the infrastructure support that exists in big companies.
Small companies have the ability to use creativity on a more timely basis.
Softball equipment is at the field.
Softball field is down behind the courts.
Softball field is down the hill in the back.
Softball field is in the back.
Softball field is on the right.
Softball form is also available.
A softball game is baseball
Softball games are seven innings in length.
Softball instruction begins in third grade and progresses through sixth grade.
Softball page is updated.
Softball player closes in on making Olympic team.
Softball players are athletes.
Softball players are much too important to worry over such trifles.
Softball players are people.
Softball players are workers.
Softball players get streamlined and sophisticated.
Softball season is about to start.
Softball season is on the verge of ceasing.
Softball season is set to begin soon.
Softball tournaments continue.
A softball is a ball
Softball doubleheader vs. Missouri.
Softball isa ball.
Softball looks to be an intense season as many teams are eying for the softball title.
Softball starts around the same time as baseball.
Softball takes first game but drops nightcap.
Softball takes second-class priority to soccer at that field, in spite of previous arrangements.
Softball teaches judgement of trajectory.
Softball travels to face Indiana State, Illinois State.
Softballs are balls.
Softballs are baseball.
Softballs are flowers.
Softballs are games.
Softballs are sports.
Softballs are team sports.
Softballs have (part) sections.
Softbodied insects cluster around young stems and leaves.
Softbound books require an extremely flexible, yet strong tape.
Softcode submissions are welcome.
Soften water contains amounts.
Most soften water contains amounts.
Softened bark is applied to boils as a suppurative.
Softened plastic is drawn to pattern.
Softened water can cause the anode to wear out more quickly.
Softened waters carry sodium salts.
A softener is a chemical
Softeners are automatic, semi-automatic, or manual.
Softeners are chemicals.
Softeners put sodium into the water in exchange for magnesium or calcium ions.
Softeners replace calcium and magnesium with sodium.
Softeners use fresh resin beads with sodium attached to the resin.
All softeners lose a large amount of efficiency from scale buildup in the ion exchange resin.
All softeners lose a large amount of efficiency in scale reduction after just a few years.
All softeners soften water in the same way regardless of who the manufacturer is.
Softening points vary depending on chemical formula, molecular weight.
Softer balls improve the pace, but it is still lively and aggressive.
Softer balls lessen intensity.
Softer blocks are good for miso, dips and desserts.
Softer boards are easier to turn and therefore better for new riders.
Softer boots are here.
Softer boots go with shorter, more forgiving skis.
Softer cells suck up the stain more readily than harder cells.
Softer coats tend to tangle more quickly, particularly if they are very thick.
Softer colors seem to actually use shading to give some sense of depth to the color areas.
Softer colors work best.
Softer compounds provide more grip.
Softer fabrics are the most flattering.
Softer fats spread more easily and contact more flour particles than firmer fats.
Softer feeds require less chewing.
Softer fillings are always more palatable.
Softer foods are easier to chew.
Softer glass has soda lime and potash, the later acts as a flux.
Softer lice charms it.
Softer margarines have fewer trans isomers, and a few are formulated without any.
Softer materials are harder to insert but are better as it is more bio-compatible less thrombogenic.
Softer materials decrease the amount of pressure the shoe places on the foot.
Softer matrices tend to give better alignments with highly divergent sequences.
Softer nodes are the result of infections or inflammatory conditions.
Softer oils are grape seed, cotton seed, safflower, and corn oil.
Softer one's that is.
Softer palms have better grip, while rougher palms are more durable.
Softer rods require a longer arc and more finesse.
Softer rods require a longer stroke and more drift.
Softer settings give a smoother ride but compromise performance.
Softer shafts are more forgiving and make getting the ball airborne easier.
Softer shoes tend to be thicker and less flexible as well.
Softer soils amplify the shaking.
Softer springs improve ride quality and they help adhesion in many situations.
Softer stones are, of course, easier to work with.
Softer stones carve more easily, but can also be scratched more easily if subjected to daily abuse.
Softer stones change color after long contact with body oils and soap to a dark green.
Softer stools make it easier to empty the bowels and lessen pressure on the veins.
Softer styles can drape over chairs to tone down harsh lines and hide any damage.
Softer substrate is needed for egg laying.
Softer substrate is required for the eggs to be buried in.
Softer swells rise and fall while earthy percussion beats out a slower, methodical tattoo.
Softer tempers are weaker but bend easily.
Softer tyres grip better in wet weather but wear out sooner than harder ones.
Softer vegetables can tolerate higher heat because they'll cook through quickly.
Softer wheels absorb shock better and give a smoother ride.
Softer wheels adapt more easily to the contours of uneven ground.
Softer wheels stick to the ground better and absorb more shock but wear out faster.
Softer wheels wear more quickly than harder wheels.
Softer woods are more forgiving than harder woods.
Softer woods can chip, split and crack after multiple staplings.
Softer woods tend to produce a mellower tone that blends well in a consort.
Softer woods tend to sound sweet and mellow while harder woods tend to sound bright and clear.
Softer woods tend to spread over time allowing the cloth to pull out and become loose.
Softflex construction add comfort and flexibility.
Most softnecked types are either mild or very hot.
Softness isa property.
Softshell turtles are eaten as a delicacy in most parts of their range, particularly in East Asia.
All softshell turtles are predominantly carnivores, though the flapshells eat some plant matter.
Softswitch technology is about providing smarter telecommunications.
Software agents allow computers to accomplish tasks on behalf of users in an intelligent way.
Software agents are autonomous, they can communicate, and they can learn.
Software agents are both autonomous and social net agents just as human users.
Software agents are capable of independently acting in their environment.
Software agents are components that migrate around the network doing work on our behalf.
Software agents are ideal for breaking complicated problems into manageable subtasks.
Software agents are pieces of code that monitor events and take action in an asynchronous fashion.
Software agents are programs that carry out actions on behalf of the user autonomously.
Software agents are programs which autonomously pursue their own agenda.
Software agents are suitable for use in a wide variety of applications.
Software agents can perform some tasks autonomously on the user s behalf.
Software agents enable new types of transactions.
Software agents generate flexible, responsive system behavior.
Software agents help hunt out interesting companies based on various criteria.
Software agents prepare to sift the riches of cyberspace.
Software agents provide an ideal mechanism for integrating legacy systems with new data systems.
Software agents pull from a variety of disciplines.
Software agents represent one such piece of technology.
Software agents take initiative, learn from the habits of their clients and adapt to the market.
Software application includes visual representation of spacecraft orbits.
Software application is integrated with the topics covered.
Software application streamlines the requisition, purchase, and electronic commerce process.
Software applications are also limited.
Software applications are also problematic.
Software applications are another integral part of the business.
Software applications are custom-designed.
Software applications are more sophisticated in order to handle the wealth of knowledge.
Software applications are the main culprit.
Software applications can automate the receipt, response, and filing of e-mail and fax messages.
Software applications exist to help identify outdated links.
Software applications run faster and crash considerably less often.
Software applications run on a single computer.
Software applications take up a large amount of disk space.
Any software application requires a nice and simple user interface.
Many software applications allow saving or converting graphics in multiple formats.
Many software applications are available for student use.
Many software applications can create a conical gradient fill.
Many software applications offer drawing layers with a translucent quality.
Many software applications use drop-down lists or radio buttons.
Many software applications use time-sensitive calculations.
Most software applications are complex and abstract.
Most software applications create a directory for application files when they are installed.
Most software applications offer telephone support or web site support.
Some software applications combine archiving and compression functions.
Some software applications require administrator rights to access system configurations.
Some software applications switch languages through their drivers.
Software architects organize application logic.
Software architects work on the coarse-grained structure of a software system.
Software architecture abstracts away details.
Software architecture concerns the structures of large software systems.
Software architecture covers a wide spectrum of topics.
Software architecture forms the backbone for building successful software-intensive systems.
Software architecture is a key artifact in the development of complex software-intensive systems.
Software architecture is a key enabler for evolutionary development of complex systems.
Software architecture is an abstraction of information about components and connectors.
Software architecture is architecture.
Software architecture is illustrated below.
Software architecture is the architecture for a system implemented in software.
Software architecture is the embodiment of the earliest set of design decisions.
Software architecture is the high-level structure of a software system.
Software architecture supports e-commerce and enterprise applications.
Software architectures are a mechanism to make system design knowledge explicit and amenable to use.
Software architectures are currently of significant interest to the software engineering community.
Software architectures are the structures used to build systems in a product line.
Software architectures provide frameworks for developing complex systems.
Software assurance encompasses more than just security.
Software bloat is a perennial problem for users, yet developers are unrepentant .
Software bloat is a problem that is being addressed just in time.
Software bugs are a fact of life.
Software bugs are basically weaknesses in a program that someone has found a way to exploit.
Software bugs are impossible to detect by anybody except the end user.
Software bugs are in the news constantly and who knows how many go unreported.
Software bugs are more annoying.
Software bugs are nothing new.
Software bugs are prevalent.
Software bugs cause chaos and downtime which can result in lost revenue.
Software bugs cause s system to behave abnormally.
Software bugs cost billions of dollars to fix and an untold number of hours in Web downtime.
Software bundle includes some interesting utilities and a good-looking game.
Software bundle includes the usual, but performance is high end.
Software bundle is great.
Software bundles are also available at amazing prices and include free shipping.
Software bundles can also be a determining factor when shopping for a new notebook.
Software bundles vary, as do the original equipment manufacturers of the drives.
Software bundlings are another way to differentiate products.
Some software businesses offer free trial periods so the customer can try before they buy.
Software classes are available from on-board computer experts as well.
Software code is far more complicated.
Some software codes are available in certain countries through Internet download.
Software companies add jobs.
Software companies are also interested in making their programs as easy to learn as possible.
Software companies are business.
Software companies are no different.
Software companies are often big, and full of internal procedure.
Software companies are paranoid about piracy.
Software companies are under tremendous pressure to get their solutions to market.
Software companies are vendors.
Software companies claim that there is a shortage of trained personnel to assume IT positions.
Software companies come and go based upon the latest technology or the latest consumer craze.
Software companies come out with new versions on a regular basis.
Software companies considering to integrate CSS into their products, please contact Unitec sales .
Software companies have classically high value added products.
Software companies have magnificent perks.
Software companies have much less of an inventory problem, at least in the traditional sense.
Software companies have multimillion dollar funds set aside for illegal pirating.
Software companies have to compete with other manufacturers.
Software companies have two different approaches to marketing the filter programs.
Software companies like to skimp on documentation.
Software companies make money from the installed base by selling upgrades.
Software companies mobilize their syntax as the Parser War heats up.
Software companies say critics are grossly exaggerating the impact of the law.
Software companies see the issue from their own unique perspective.
Software companies sell software to computer makers at a discount.
Software companies sell use licenses to their clients.
Software companies strive to make and justify bold claims about how easy to use their software is.
Software companies try to have regular development cycles.
Software companies use the records to track recurring patterns of fraudulent transactions.
Software company develops revolutionary program for identifying defects in microchips.
All software companies have an attrition rate.
Every software company claims that their product is the best.
Every software company experiences bad along with the good.
Many software companies are in the process of adopting privacy and integrity standards.
Many software companies are more concerned about revenue than product reliability and performance.
Many software companies charge for customer support.
Many software companies have solutions for search engine positioning.
Many software companies keep up with all the changes and are quite successful.
Many software companies provide readers free to download off the Net.
Many software companies provide their own on-site computer service and training.
Many software companies provide updates on their websites.
Many software companies sell upgrades that simply provide patches to existing files in the program.
Many software companies use well-loved movie characters to entice children to play on the computer.
Many software companies utilize our technology to provide FREE ad-supported versions to the public.
Most software companies add jobs.
Most software companies claim their software can do everything but wash the dishes.
Most software companies have different ways of protecting software.
Most software companies have trial versions, generally good for thirty days.
Most software companies limit by licence, the installation of software to one machine only.
Most software companies package their products in nice, shiny boxes.
Most software companies sell program updates to cus- tomers at discounted prices.
Most software companies struggle to get one software product out the door on time.
Most software companies treat software in the same way.
Some software companies appear to be concerned about reducing controversy.
Some software companies charge a flat fee and charge later for upgrades.
Some software companies have newsgroups dedicated to providing technical assistance to users.
Some software companies list mail groups which can help answer questions.
Some software companies make their money by protecting their intellectual property.
Some software companies offer educational pricing or academic site licenses.
Some software companies release products.
Some software companies say that being included in the operating system actually boosts sales.
Some software companies specialize in adding costs after the sale is done.
Some software companies specialize in technology.
Software compatibility is also a major issue to consider.
Software compatibility is another essential standard for enterprise satellite use.
Software compatibility is another issue.
Software compatibility is still quite limited.
Software components are like jig-saw pieces.
Software components are segments within a larger system.
Software components are self-contained, reusable software units.
Software components have properties , which are attributes of the object.
Software components offer direct access to functions, flexibility and cost-effectiveness.
All software components are available.
Many software components are now available, embodying years of testing and incremental improvement.
Software construction is a creative process.
Software construction is important for several reasons.
Software copyrights are also an appropriate form of protection, and are now widely used.
Software creation follows an instructional systems development model.
Software delivery is free of charge.
Software delivery is via download and shrink wrap.
Software demos are a common type of shareware.
Software demos are available from many vendors or can be downloaded from the internet.
All software demos contain a full working version of the product as well as on-line help.
Software dependencies hold businesses back.
Software design begins where the requirements phase left off.
Software design is a technical job.
Software design is an iterative process.
Software design is concerned primarily with the overall conception of the product.
Software design is conducted with the aid of assemblers and simulators.
Software design is just one part of the jigsaw, albeit a very important one.
Software design is still an extremely primitive activity based primarily on art and craft.
Software design is the act of determining the user's experience with a piece of software.
Software design is the key to a successful interface.
Software design occurs in programming from a problem description.
Software designs have similar issues.
Most software design is lousy.
Software designers adapt the pattern solution to their specific project.
Software designers are responsible for what appears to the users of computer programs.
Software designers can certainly still allow fonts and graphics to render within email.
Software designers create different kinds of software with computers.
Software designers develop the software architectures.
Software designers have to do quality work.
Software designers have to make a profit.
Software designers have to use it right.
Software designers make a lot of money.
Software designers use a lot of machinery.
Software designers use bolts to build things.
Software designers wear ties and white suits.
Software designers work a lot.
Software designers work in a place that looks high-techy.
Software developer determines requirements.
Software developer helps designs.
Software developer needs relate skills.
Software developer needs skills.
Software developers are always frustrated with having to do everything from scratch every time.
Software developers are creative problem solvers by nature.
Software developers are entirely capable of taking a look at it and seeing what is going on.
Software developers are especially upset with the government's lack of application of the policy.
Software developers are good to education.
Software developers are in business to make money.
Software developers are in charge of the entire development process for a software program.
Software developers are loyal to their product.
Software developers are one of our most highly valued partners.
Software developers are the creative minds behind computer programs.
Software developers are the farmers that grow the feed the computer industry lives off of.
Software developers are then free to develop a shell that offers the specified capabilities.
Software developers are, however, generally only as good as their next product.
Software developers can add the GLSetup installer to a game free of charge.
Software developers can also improve their processes.
Software developers can choose from hundreds of good, commercially-available database systems.
Software developers can concentrate on the user needs instead of the bits and bytes of programming.
Software developers can freely reverse engineer mass-market products under current law.
Software developers can individually work with it to fit their own requirements.
Software developers can make self-displaying manuals for their programs.
Software developers can make use of our FREE software listing service.
Software developers can no longer view themselves as just code-cutters.
Software developers can put in more effort and work harder.
Software developers can spend their time either adding features or fixing bugs.
Software developers can then tailor their software for the kernel, and optimise their software.
Software developers can therefore use it at any level of their solution development.
Software developers design computer programs.
Software developers develop software.
Software developers do well with command line interfaces.
Software developers face constant change and seem to thrive on it.
Software developers have legitimate concerns about software piracy.
Software developers help schools with new computer programs.
Software developers know how to 'build the plane'.
Software developers live with the idea that software is always changing.
Software developers make more money.
Software developers make test versions of applications.
Software developers offer demo versions that can be downloaded for free to help users decide.
Software developers provide sites to support and extend their product's features.
Software developers provide some support at their web sites.
Software developers require what can be seen as unusual working conditions.
Software developers send a product to buyers with variations for each user.
Software developers smell a good opportunity, but wait.
Software developers spend a lot of time and effort developing software for public use.
Software developers spend much time in making their programs.
Software developers target the corporate market's desire to know when and where employees surf.
Software developers use licenses in an effort to prevent piracy.
Software developers work for their clients.
All software developers are very welcome to take a look as well as to join the user forum.
Every software developer uses compilation technology when they develop software.
Many software developers require more than just copy protection.
Many software developers use a third-party educational group to certify trainers.
Most software developer determines requirements.
Most software developer helps designs.
Most software developer needs skills.
Most software developers are allergic to paper.
Most software developers are quite particular about which tools they use.
Most software developers cater for both platforms and often in the same box.
Most software developers choose between two different ways to write business software.
Most software developers consider testing a necessary evil.
Some software developer has expertise.
Some software developer has technical expertise.
Some software developer specializes in databases.
Some software developer works for firms.
Some software developers can function well in both worlds.
Some software developers offer initial versions of translators.
Some software developers rely upon state trade secret law to protect their software.
Software development organizations support development teams.
Software development organizations support teams.
Software development can be a very ethical business.
Software development can be rapid, but reorganising business processes is a difficult task.
Software development can start immediately with a complete, working, and stable physical platform.
Software development continues on the project to completely control the camera from the web.
Software development covers designing, programming and maintaining computer applications.
Software development dominates the plans of many businesses.
Software development focuses on assembly language.
Software development follows a carefully planned process.
Software development has similar concerns.
Software development includes design, coding, and installation.
Software development includes electronic commerce packages, administrative tools and Web utilities.
Software development incorporates organizational concepts.
Software development is a complex activity.
Software development is a complex problem.
Software development is a complex process, and it gets more complex all the time.
Software development is a complicated beast, especially when it involves multimedia.
Spacious grounds allow for ball games along with petanque.
Spacious grounds have impressive landscaping.
Spacious grounds offer plenty of space for touch football, pepper ball, or just plain sun bathing.
Spacious grounds provide privacy as well as numerous recreational activities.
Spacious guestroom provides luxury and convenience, each with private bath and fine linens.
Spacious guestrooms have city or garden courtyard view.
Spacious home gives a calm setting, both inside and out.
Spacious home needs some cleanup and repair.
Spacious interior needs creative renovations.
Spacious interiors offer custom features such as gas fireplaces and open European kitchens.
Spacious interiors offer nine-foot ceilings, unique floor plans and elegant finishes.
Spacious kitchen has breakfast bar, pantry and microwave.
Spacious kitchen has deluxe oak cabinetry and spacious pantry.
Spacious kitchen has pantry, lazy susan and plenty of counter tops.
Spacious kitchen has skylight and breakfast bar.
Spacious kitchen has white cabinets with crown molding.
Spacious kitchen is open to family room and morning room.
Spacious kitchen opens on private patio.
Spacious lakes provide refuge to migrating birds.
Spacious lanai looks west, directly out to ocean and West Maui mountains.
Spacious lanai provides a treehouse feeling above a lushjungle valley.
Spacious lawns give children room to play games, plant gardens, take walks and share picnics.
Spacious lawns provide ample room for guests to bring lawn chairs and blankets for informal viewing.
Spacious lifts are available for all floors.
Spacious lobbies provide extensive space for exhibits, displays, or reception areas.
Spacious lots are available at a minimal fee.
Spacious lots are still available at affordable prices .
Spacious lounge features open brick fireplace, and Hammond organ.
Spacious master suite down and lots of standard features.
Spacious notes are easy to study from.
Spacious offices are in a recently renovated house, and include a chest X-ray facility.
Spacious parking is provided adjacent to the building.
Spacious parking is provided for any and all size vehicles next to the Inn.
Spacious patio overlooks the pool, beach, and sea.
Spacious porches overlook the trap and skeet field.
Spacious porches provide plenty of outdoor dining as well.
Spacious restrooms are a relatively modern phenomenon.
Spacious restrooms are disabled-accessible and there are handrails along the loading ramps.
Spacious restrooms are located on all levels throughout the ballpark.
Spacious room has traditional furniture.
Spacious room overlooks a small park and the downtown office towers.
Spacious rooms allow for large family gatherings and wonderful flow for entertaining.
Spacious rooms are alpine style with pine wood furniture.
Spacious Rooms are individually climate-controlled.
Spacious rooms are modest but have some unique architectural elements.
Spacious rooms are very clean with new furniture and hot showers.
Spacious rooms can accommodate up to six guests.
Spacious rooms facing the swimming pool and kitchenettes are available.
Spacious rooms have two queen-size beds and private bath.
Spacious rooms open out the blossom of frangipani and bougainvillea.
All spacious rooms have bath or shower, balcony, wc, and phone.
All spacious rooms have bath or shower, wc, balcony, satellite TV, radio and telephone.
Spacious studio features a dividing door for privacy.
Spacious suites accommodate up to six.
Spacious suites are available with sunrooms, hardwood floors, and spectacular Lake Erie views.
Spacious suites can accommodate large families or groups.
Spacious suites feature canopied beds.
Spacious suites feature king log beds, skylights, jacuzzis and fireplaces surrounded by river rock.
Spacious suites feature log king beds, skylights, jacuzzis and fireplaces surrounded by river rock.
Spacious suites feature private baths, kitchens, private entrances, lanais and cable tv.
Spacious suites feature refrigerators, microwave ovens and wet bars.
Spacious suites overlook the Gulf of Mexico.
All spacious suites have private parking by fireplace entrances and private baths.
Spacious tents provide for a very comfortable night's rest.
Spacious tracks give rise to light humming and hammering noises.
Spacious verandahs provide wonderful places to relax and savor the views.
Spacious yard features a horse shoe pit.
Spacious yard provides stunning scenery and barbecue.
A spade is a playing card
Spade isa shovel.
Spades are always trump.
Spades are black, hearts are red , diamonds are green and clubs are blue .
Spades are card games.
Spades are easier to use, and more efficient for hand to hand combat.
Spades are excellent for shaping straight-sided trenches and edging beds.
Spades are excellent for shaping straight-sided trenches and for edging beds.
Spades are for digging.
Spades are good.
Spades are playing cards.
Spades are suits.
Spades are tools.
Spades are used for diggings.
Spades are usually too large for working in tightly planted flower beds.
Spades have (part) handles.
Spades have (part) sections.
Spades Includes a tutorial on how to play the game.
Spades is a another modern North American game.
Spades is a partner-based card game for four.
Spades is a partnership game.
Spades is a team game.
Spades is one of the greatest strategy card games in the universe.
Spades is terrible.
Spades is the most popular four-handed card game on the Internet.
Spades is the most popular partnership card game in the United States.
Spades is the trump colour.
Spades is very easy to learn, and quite difficult to master.
Spades Play partners or solo, with or without jokers, with custom colors and opponents.
Spades Play spades in a magical medieval setting.
Spades used for digging holes or cutting turf are usually longer than shovels.
All spades down are wild, and a spade up kills players.
Some spades have a flattened area at the top of the blade called the tread.
Some spades have a 'non-stick' coating to make digging and cleaning easier.
A spadefoot toad is a toad
Spadefoot toads are a consumer.
Spadefoot toads have hard, horn-like growths on their hind feet.
Spadefoot toads inhabit the dry grasslands of western North Dakota which have sandy or loose soil.
Spadefoot toads live in dry areas.
Spadefoot toads live throughout much of the United States.
Spadefoot toads make crying sounds during a rainstorm .
Spadefoot toads make crying sounds during a rainstorm.
Spadefoot toads spend nine months of every year underground.
A spadefoot is a toad
Spadefoots are frogs.
Spadefoots are very secretive, spending most of their time hiding in burrows.
Spadefoots do remain underground in shallow burrows for weeks during dry periods.
Spadefoots spend most of their lives buried in mud or sand.
All spadefoots have a cornified black wedge on the hind foot.
A spadework is work
Much spadework has to be done in the beginning, and adequate funds invested for the purpose.
Spaetzle dumplings are small enough to also be added to soups.
A spaghetti sauce is a sauce
Spaghetti sauce comes from Italy, in southern Europe.
Spaghetti sauce does go on sale often and the price is close to homemade.
Spaghetti sauce is also good over rice, especially wild rice.
Spaghetti sauce is easy with canned crushed tomatoes and some herbs.
Spaghetti sauces are located in jars.
Spaghetti sauces are located in refrigerators.
Spaghetti sauces are red.
Spaghetti sauces are sauces.
Most spaghetti sauce is gluten free and many now have a gluten-free label.
Most spaghetti sauces are low fat.
Spaghetti squash is a fantastic platform for all sorts of flavoring and stuffing.
Spaghetti squash is a member of the winter squash family.
Spaghetti squash is part of spaghetti squash.
Spaghetti squash is ready when golden yellow, banana squash when golden orange.
Spaghetti squash is summer squash
Spaghetti squash is summer squash.
Spaghetti squash is vegetables.
Spaghetti squash is yellow and oval-shaped.
Spaghetti squash looks like a yellow, slightly oblong, melon.
Spaghetti squash provides a starch free alternative to traditional pastas.
Spaghetti squash replaces the high carb pasta for a lighter dish.
Spaghetti straps are adjustable for comfort along with snap-bottom closure and thong back.
Spaghetti straps are always popular, and the majority of people prefer long dresses to short ones.
Spaghetti straps hold the wide band bodice that has been embroidered in silver and gold thread.
Spaghetti straps tie at the shoulders.
Spaghetti can be just about anything added or deleted from it.
Spaghetti comes on the side and the portions are enormous.
Spaghetti cools rapidly.
Spaghetti covers with homemade meat sauces.
Spaghetti covers with sauces.
Spaghetti is food.
Spaghetti is located in plates.
Spaghetti is pasta.
Spaghetti is solid food
Spaghetti isa pasta.
Most spaghetti covers with homemade meat sauces.
Most spaghetti covers with sauces.
Spain has (part) Spanish capital.
Spain isa thing.
Spallation sources are certainly preferable to reactors in relation to radioactive waste.
A spallation is nuclear reaction
Spallation is another photomechanical event.
Spallation refers to the collisional fragmentation of heavy nuclei into lighter nuclei.
Spalted maple handle with an inset bronze bolster.
Most SPAM abusers get SOME positive response to their E-mails.
Spam bots collect e-mail addresses from online newsgroups for marketing pitches.
Spam mail is one of the most aggravating problems occurring on the internet today.
Spam mail is theft of service.
Spam mail tends to be one tacky come-on after another.
Most SPAM mail contains sexually explicit material, and other possibly illegal material.
Most spam messages are in no doubt worthless.
Most spam messages are unwelcome.
Some spam messages end with instructions about how to get off the marketer's mailing list.
SPAM bait below.
Spam interferes with legitimate commerce and communication.
Spam is America's favorite mystery meat.
Spam is canned food.
Spam is canned meat.
Spam is electronic mail.
Spam is email
Spam is email.
Spam is food.
Spam is located in cans.
Spam is located in containers.
Spam is products.
Spam tends to annoy a number of people on the internet.
Spam tends to be both verbose and illiterate.
Spam thrives by abusing the Internet's unique social, technological and economic structures.
Spam works as furniture polish.
Spams are n ot only socially unacceptable, they can be illegal.
Spams are off-topic postings, posted inappropriately to many different newsgroups.
Spams are scams and senders and willing ISPs are crooks.
Spams are the most common form of junk e-mail.
Spams are typically blatent calls for readers to visit a commercial website.
Spams are usually unsolicited advertisements sent to tens of thousands of Internet users at once.
Spams invariably say they'll remove names on request, but they almost never do.
All spam is bad.
Many spams are the result of ignorance.
More spam is sold in Hawaii than any other state.
Most spam consists of advertisements for dodgy products or services or get rich quick schemes.
Most spam consists of e-mail advertising for a product or service.
Most spam is for commercial advertising.
Most spam is forged in some fashion, making it impossible to determine the origin.
Most spam is simply annoying, but some is also illegal.
Most spams are scams of some sort.
Much spam is obviously junk, so just delete it immediately.
Some spam claims to be opt-in, but it never is.
Some spam is likely to elude the filter.
A spammer is a transmitter
Spammers actively attempt to get around recipient attempts to filter out ads.
Spammers add people to their junk mail lists without consent.
Spammers also can damage a company ,s reputation by forging return email addresses.
Spammers also can damage a company s reputation by forging return email addresses.
Spammers also cheat their suppliers.
Spammers also create phony aliases such as thegap-usa.
Spammers also go fishing for new targets by trying variations on e-mail addresses.
Spammers also use fake return addresses to try to cover their tracks.
Spammers also use techniques of using other internet services' email equipment to send their mail.
Spammers are a big problem in the world.
Spammers are a blight on the Internet.
Spammers are a paltry minority compared with legitimate users of distributed networks.
Spammers are all liars.
Spammers are also into pyramid scams.
Spammers are at most the scum and mud of the Internet.
Spammers are chancers.
Spammers are dishonest people employing dishonest tactics.
Spammers are dweebs.
Spammers are energy creatures.
Spammers are highly motivated to find their way around either barrier.
Spammers are legitimate businesspeople, just trying to make a buck.
Spammers are like the germinating poison ivy seeds.
Spammers are notorious for forging and hiding headers.
Spammers are notorious for using fake email addresses.
Spammers are people who flood user mailboxes with irrelevant or inappropriate messages.
Spammers are real smart.
Spammers are scum who steal from their victims who have to pay for their time online and bandwidth.
Spammers are scum.
Spammers are senders.
Spammers are sometimes smart and is tough to stop all.
Spammers are stoopid.
Spammers are stupid.
Spammers are subhuman primitives who think that being assholes is a legitimate business plan.
Spammers are the scum of the earth.
Spammers are thieves, cheats, and liars and are the bane of the Internet.
Spammers are thieves, plain and simple.
Spammers are to blame for a lot of the search sites' problems.
Spammers are unlucky, unfortunate, pitiful scum.
Spammers are very cunning in the ways they obtain user information.
Spammers argue their business has overhead like any other.
Spammers attempt to use catchy subject phrases or words.
Spammers buy e-mail lists, and the addresses can be very old.
Spammers can also use many unsecured relays to send out more e-mail in less time.
Spammers can and do forge approvals.
Spammers can expect their ISP to be notified.
Spammers can get email addresses from a number of places.
Spammers can get e-mail addresses from a variety of sources.
Spammers can go get fucked .
Spammers can hide behind third party relays.
Spammers can hide behind third-party relays.
Spammers can obtain their email addresses from resources that are free.
Spammers can relay through another server to cover their identity.
Spammers can send millions of email messages at very little expense.
Spammers change accounts as fast as they change underwear.
Spammers claim that email costs nothing to receive, so there's no harm in their actions.
Spammers claim the right to send commercial email to anyone, which many recipients reject.
Spammers Click HERE O and HERE .
Spammers clog up their disk storage, their tech support lines, and their bandwidth.
Spammers cloud the issue.
Spammers collect addresses from newsgroups and the Web.
Spammers collect usenet news postings for E-mail addresses.
Spammers compile the e-mail addresses for their massive mailings from many varied sources.
Spammers continue their pernicious practice because it's effective.
Spammers continue to remain complete morons.
Spammers cost the basic Internet subscriber.
Spammers damage it much more.
Spammers deserve no respect.
Spammers do serious harm to the web by falsely indexing their sites in irrelevant categories.
Spammers do still send a lot of spam directly.
Spammers dont have a prayer.
Spammers evidently have a nasty habit of opening accounts fraudulently with fake or stolen numbers.
Spammers expect flames, presumably, and it is just like water off a duck's back.
Spammers feed off e-mail addresses.
Spammers gain a pair of benefits from mail relay.
Spammers gather email addresses through several methods.
Spammers get email addresses in a number of ways.
Spammers have a number of attacks, but all spam begins with obtaining the customer's mail address.
Spammers have a variety of tools for gathering email addresses to build their mailing lists.
Spammers have always put fake addresses, they never use their real addresses.
Spammers have many tricks.
Spammers have no constitutional rights.
Spammers have no such limits because it's free.
Spammers have none.
Spammers have programs which spider through web pages, looking for e-mail addresses.
Spammers have several options for sending e-mail in bulk.
Spammers have the right to send spam.
Spammers hide themselves and use many fake addresses for each occasion.
Spammers just fake the moderation then.
Spammers know people do it.
Spammers lie to everyone.
Spammers lie to their customers.
Spammers lie, cheat, and steal.
Spammers list .
Spammers love to find systems that have no message size restrictions.
Spammers love to spoof their reverse lookup.
Spammers love to use open relays to do all the hard work of sending their messages.
Spammers make a lot of money and are smart in spreading it around to politicians.
Spammers make money by sending out millions of email messages on a daily basis.
Spammers make the best fantasy enemies.
Spammers pick email addresses like kids pick blackberries.
Spammers regularly attempt to get the lists of subscribers to mailing lists.
Spammers search through newsgroups using computers for e-mail addresses.
Spammers seem to love it.
Spammers seem to take longer than truly educated people to grasp that basic concept though.
Spammers send out hundreds of thousands of e-mails at a single mouse click.
Spammers send spam as a form of free advertising, which is illegal in most cases.
Spammers shoot themselves in the foot from the onset and never recover completely.
Spammers simply open a new e-mail account or steal services from another open relay.
Spammers steal resources, disrupt operations, and damage systems.
Spammers target their victims by collecting random email addresses from several sources.
Spammers then send e-mails to addresses based on the interests of the users .
Spammers try to cover their tracks.
Spammers try to deflect blame when things go wrong.
Spammers typically use special software that mines Web sites for e-mail addresses.
Spammers typically violate Internet mail standards.
Spammers use a variety of methods to get email address.
Spammers use automated programs that grab every address they can find to send their useless email.
Spammers use automated programs to search the Internet for email addresses that they can use.
Spammers use fake return addresses to get by filters.
Spammers use lists of e-mail address.
Spammers use our server as a relay point.
Spammers use programs that automatically search Web pages for addresses.
Spammers use relaying to prevent the reciever of the message to identify where the message derived.
Spammers use relays to increase the number of messages they can spew.
Spammers use robots to scarf up email addresses from newsgroups.
Spammers use software to hunt through newsgroup postings and personal Web pages to gather addresses.
Spammers use software to scan large swaths of the Internet for open relays.
Spammers use spambot spiders to pick off e-mail addresses from web pages.
Spammers use special software to 'harvest' random e-mail addresses from the Internet.
Spammers use spiders to cultivate email addresses from the internet.
Spammers use the electronic serfs to troll the Internet for e-mail addresses.
Spammers use the resources of ISPs and mail servers without consent.
Spammers frequently use Emergency or read immediately as subjects.
Spammers frequently use fake headers to confuse the people they spam.
Spammers often change little bits and pieces of their spam as they fine-tune it.
Spammers often forge return-path addresses.
Spammers often forge the delivery headers of email to disguise where they are sending it from.
Spammers often forge their return addresses, in order to avoid retaliation from angry recipients.
SPAMmers often get addresses from e-mail lists that are posted on the Internet.
Spammers often lose their accounts and even get charged cleanup fees by their internet providers.
Spammers often send email to bogus aliases at valid domain names.
Spammers often send incompliant mail messages.
Spammers often use bogus message identifiers to hide their identity.
Spammers often use software spiders to grab email addresses from chat rooms and message boards.
Spammers often use software that combs newsgroups for email addresses.
Spammers often use third-party relaying to distribute spam via an intermediary party's mailer.
Spammers sometimes put fake headers at the end of a message to cause confusion.
Spammers sometimes use a blank MAIL FROM to hide their tracks.
Spammers sometimes use such replies as confirmation that they have an active email address.
Many spammers advocate the use of opt-out lists.
Many spammers harvest email addresses from newsgroups and discussion boards.
Many spammers have dedicated programs called bots that search the Internet for e-mail addresses.
Many spammers have software that can extract e-mail addresses out of messages.
Many spammers put numbers at the end of subject lines to prevent filters from working.
Many spammers rely on tricks to make people read their messages.
Many spammers use a Web site as a point of contact.
Many spammers use bad addresses.
Many spammers use bot programs to travel the web and seek out e-mail addresses from websites.
More spammers now use the Internet . . .
Most spammers conceal their own e-mail addresses, making it hard for computer users to retaliate.
Most spammers have no morals at all.
Most spammers use automated software to pick up e-mail addresses from newsgroup articles.
Some spammers also guess at more common addresses.
Some spammers claim they have a Constitutional right to spam.
Some spammers even target their mail based on web pages.
Some spammers even use intermediaries to try to avoid detection and blocking.
Some spammers offer a method to be removed from their list .
Some spammers play 'cat and mouse'.
Some spammers take on a false identity.
Some spammers use harvesting programs to find addresses.
Some spammers use robots to trawl the web for addresses, looking for pages with ' mailto ' tags.
Some spammers use the subject line in the message to make the recipient think it's legitimate.
Span of control is accomplished through timely use of delegations and good resource management.
Span of control is how many people directly report to that manager.
Span of control is maintained at three to seven employees per supervisor.
Span of control is the number of employees supervised by a manager.
Spans of control is human resources.
A span is a duration
Span distances now display correctly on printouts.
Span maintains capacity and connectivity.
Spans antiquity to the present.
Spans are distance.
Spans are durations.
Spans can be straight or u-bend spans with equal or unequal leg lengths.
A spandex is cloth
Spandex gives it a little stretch.
Spandex holds top up, prevents it from creeping down and bunching up.
Spandex is heat sensitive, and the fabric easily gets permanent shiny marks on it.
Spandex is more resistant to washing, perspiration, and heat than latex.
Spandex is much like a lycra dive type skin.
Spiritual sector provides basic moral and spiritual training.
Spiritual seekers are typically people who have learned to question conventional reality.
Many spiritual seekers run into severe problems, obstacles and conflicts.
Many spiritual seekers take paths beyond organized religion.
Most spiritual seekers choose a path that aligns with their own predispositions.
Spiritual sense is made possible by the presence of certain characteristics.
Spiritual service is built upon vision.
Spiritual services are also available.
Spiritual services are available on-site.
Spiritual sessions vary with time and methods.
Spiritual sex arises out of both partners' desire for union through uninhibited self expression.
Spiritual sight is blinded.
Spiritual signing is a preparatory class for spiritual interpreting.
Spiritual skills employing introspection receive turbo-boost at an inflow vortex.
Spiritual slavery comes in two forms.
Spiritual slothfulness is even worse than temporal slothfulness.
Spiritual solutions are probably the most effective.
Spiritual space has no permanent physical geography.
Spiritual stagnation is just as bad.
Spiritual stagnation is the price they pay.
Spiritual starvation follows much the same course.
Spiritual states are usually pleasant.
Spiritual strength is needed in handling adversity and preventing stress in the soul.
Spiritual study raises the spirit.
Spiritual substance is never within the jurisdiction of the material conception.
Spiritual success depends on choices as well as understanding.
Spiritual success depends on the very same factors as success in business of sport.
Spiritual suicide is within the reach of everyone.
Spiritual support can be very comforting when coping with a diagnosis of cancer.
Spiritual support is available through our chaplains, as desired by the patient and family.
Spiritual support is limited at shelters receiving state funding and deserves further exploration.
Spiritual surrender is a matter of absolute integrity, absolute willingness.
Spiritual systems are suspect.
Spiritual systems explain by metaphor the way to ultimate fulfillment.
All spiritual teachers get flak.
Many spiritual teachers run a business show or go on an ego trip to gain power over others.
Most spiritual teachers are strongly against the use of any drug.
All spiritual telepathy comes in a holographic or multi-dimensional package.
Spiritual temptations belong to the internal man, but natural ones to the external man.
Spiritual testing can produce strength of character and faithfulness.
Spiritual themes abound here, but they are unobtrusive.
Spiritual things are as a rock.
Spiritual things are easy.
Spiritual things are for older people.
Spiritual things are less appetizing.
Spiritual things are like leavening.
Spiritual things are more real than natural.
Spiritual things seem foolishness to the natural man .
Most spiritual things are precious.
Spiritual thoughts make a spiritual body.
Spiritual ties are stronger than natural ties.
Spiritual ties are stronger.
Spiritual torment is terrible indeed.
Spiritual toughness is needed.
Spiritual traditions speak of embodying the divinity within.
All spiritual traditions distill the essence of simplicity.
Every spiritual tradition focuses on love as a primary learning goal.
Some spiritual traditions speak about the death of the ego as a dimension of spiritual maturation.
Spiritual training is aimed at developing the individual student's personal faith experience.
Spiritual training takes place at the dinner table and in the family room.
All spiritual training is to be provided by the church.
Spiritual transformation is a mysterious process.
Spiritual treatments involve religious ceremonies and food or animal sacrifices.
Spiritual truth elicits a material response.
Spiritual truth is elusive and comes by insight and revelation more than by reading and studying.
Spiritual truth is utter foolishness to the unsaved man.
Spiritual truths connect with intense experiences.
Spiritual underdevelopment is the rule, no longer an exception.
Spiritual understanding is closer now.
Spiritual understanding is developed in the feminine realm of the soul.
Spiritual understanding reveals the universality of all things.
Spiritual understanding takes root wherever it finds fertile ground.
Spiritual unity can help bring victory.
Spiritual unity is the only common ground where men can meet in spite of their differences.
Spiritual values are abstract, long-term, and easily lost in the daily chaos.
Spiritual values are among tools.
Spiritual values are courage, moral depth, joy, peace, kindness, mercy, and contemplative wisdom.
Spiritual values are of high importance.
Spiritual values are therefore worth striving for as soul's ultimate freedom and stability.
Spiritual values become lost in endless mental discourse.
Spiritual values require spiritual wisdom.
Spiritual values surface, highlight versatility, diversity.
Spiritual values thrive when passed from one generation to another.
Every spiritual value is more obscured.
Spiritual vampires fall into the middle range.
Spiritual victory comes from spiritual heath, which is defined by balance.
Spiritual vigor is renewed as well as radical physical healing in many cases.
Spiritual violence is a problem of great concern to lesbians and gay men, and to their loved ones.
Spiritual violence is most dangerous when it is most spiritual - that is least emotional.
Spiritual vision is an extension of physical sight.
Spiritual walls relate to the strength and stability of our Christian testimony.
Spiritual wandering is a solitary venture into the depths of our selves.
Spiritual warfare involves testimony, prayer, praise, preaching, prophecy and proclamation.
Spiritual warfare is a constant reality.
Spiritual warfare is a modem phrase for an old battle.
Spiritual warfare is a pro-active approach to our faith.
Spiritual warfare is a real part of everyday Christian living.
Spiritual warfare is an unseen battle.
Spiritual warfare is conducted at many levels.
Spiritual warfare is hard and never stops.
Spiritual warfare is necessary all during the day.
Spiritual warfare is one example.
Spiritual warfare is one unexpected corollary of combat and human conflict.
Spiritual warfare is prayer that aims to defeat the devil and evil forces at work in the world.
Spiritual warfare is real.
Spiritual warfare is the normal state of affairs between the church and Satan.
Spiritual warfare is very draining at times.
Spiritual warfare is waged on the internet.
Spiritual warfare takes on new significance when it is nothing less than a world war.
Spiritual warriors are to be utterly ruthless about what they bring into their souls.
Spiritual wellness deals with the manner in which one makes sense of life and it's meaning.
Spiritual wellness focuses on personal spiritual beliefs and values.
Spiritual wisdom is a way of being alive.
Spiritual wisdom leads to holiness.
Spiritual Wonder Goes Online.
Spiritual words are just that, words.
Spiritual work is about being love.
Spiritual work is an important part of fathering.
Spiritual work is serious work.
Spiritual work is still work.
Spiritual work is the most rewarding work of all.
Spiritual wounds is one of the side effects of loving people unconditionally.
Some spiritual writers believe that no one can learn to pray unless they know how to waste time.
Some spiritual writers see the sacraments only as a cure for a fallen world and a failed humanity.
A spiritual is a song
A spiritual is church music
Spirituals are audio streamed to provide authentic context.
Spirituals are emotional songs and have a strong rhythm.
Spirituals are now one of the best-known forms of American music.
Spirituals go back to the slavery experience in America.
Spirituals tell the story of their appropriation of the Bible.
Most spirituals refer to people or events in the Bible.
A spiritualism is a belief
Spiritualism also involves methods of healing and the investigation of psychic phenomena.
Spiritualism also proves that spiritual qualities are the only permanent treasures of life.
Spiritualism claims to deal in fact.
Spiritualism comes in many guises.
Spiritualism comes to cleanse out the dregs and wretchedness of humanity.
Spiritualism conjures up images of fake spirit-rapping, gloomy seances, and dramatic mediums.
Spiritualism encompasses the term innatism , which suggests that ideas cause behavior.
Spiritualism has an answer.
Spiritualism has no major book of beliefs, nor even a creed.
Spiritualism is a force for liberty, freedom and peace.
Spiritualism is a religion whose basic tenet and practice is conversing with the dead.
Spiritualism is a way of life.
Spiritualism is a wonderfully non-dogmatic religion, science, and philosophy.
Spiritualism is basically a modern religion of mediumship, whose main ritual was the seance .
Spiritualism is considered a religion.
Spiritualism is defunct.
Spiritualism is for everyone.
Spiritualism is frequently misunderstood and sensationalized by the media and movies.
Spiritualism is one of the more widespread supernormal practices nowadays.
Spiritualism is only in books now.
Spiritualism is our life-long quest.
Spiritualism is the declared enemy of materialism.
Spiritualism is the highest form of political consciousness.
Spiritualism is the latest attempt to transform man into a god.
Spiritualism is the only religion which harmonizes with science in every way.
Spiritualism is very real.
Spiritualism proves it.
Spiritualism reveals the spiritual oneness of all mankind.
Spiritualism sounds like the way to go.
Spiritualism thrives on faith.
Spiritualism transcends reason.
Spiritualisms are beliefs.
Spiritualist church is for everybody.
Spiritualist church is similar.
All Spiritualist Churches give spiritual healing if asked.
All Spiritualist churches perform healing.
Spiritualist session goes horribly wrong.
A spiritualist is a psychic
Spiritualists are people who claim to be able to contact the dead.
Spiritualists believe it to be the materialization of the astral body.
Spiritualists believe that spirits can talk with people, or change things in the world.
Spiritualists believe the dead survive as spirits, which can communicate with the living.
Spiritualists claim it was because light suddenly shone on a medium in trance can be harmful.
Spiritualists know that conditions can have a lot to do with it.
Spiritualists know that individuals choose to heal or remain stuck in a state of hopelessness.
Spiritualists know that the answer is to learn and grow individually and collectively.
Spiritualists see spirits.
Spiritualists teach from the Bible.
Spiritualists use the tongue-speaking phenomenon in their claim to communicate with the dead.
Spiritualists welcome here.
All spiritualistic mediums know that their visitors require test after test.
Spirituality affects all of the senses and frequently is difficult to describe in words.
Spirituality aims at unfolding the real nature of spirit or self.
Spirituality also assuages guilt about the past.
Spirituality also offers a way to die when there's nothing else to live for.
Spirituality appears to support emotional development.
Spirituality are beyond words so religious experience are easy to abuse and misuse.
Spirituality begins at home - in every day life.
Spirituality can be serious or funny.
Spirituality can be valuable toward that goal.
Spirituality can help bring community into economics.
Spirituality can produce the same effect.
Spirituality can serve as a resource of strength.
Spirituality can take many forms.
Spirituality causes compassion, sharing, caring, sacrifice and service to arise spontaneously.
Spirituality comes from people.
Spirituality comes from within the individual person.
Spirituality comes from within.
Spirituality comes in many forms, one supposes.
Spirituality concerns itself with the question of how to lead a deeply committed Christian life.
Spirituality continues to be growing mainstream issue.
Spirituality dances with insights and delivers glimpses to be contemplated before application.
Spirituality deals largely with the deeper aspects to be found within the room itself.
Spirituality encompasses a variety of phenomena, including experiences, beliefs, and practices.
Spirituality entails no worship.
Spirituality exists from birth for the individual and is incorporated into everyday life.
Spirituality exists within our hearts.
Spirituality extends beyond the physical, material and self to a state called transcendence.
Spirituality feels like a perpetual thrust into new territory.
Spirituality figures prominently in the school's mission.
Spirituality filters out the superficial, the changing, so the essential emerges.
Spirituality flows from Torah study.
Spirituality focuses inward.
Spirituality gives families a sense of belonging to and being loved by a higher being.
Spirituality gives helpful direction and science brings speed.
Spirituality gives meaning and direction to our lives.
Spirituality gives new life to leadership.
Spirituality gives shape and direction to our lives.
Spirituality grapples with the mystery of life.
Spirituality helps one to trust and let go of fear.
Spirituality helps the chronically ill people cope with the medical challenges of their condition.
Spirituality however is a totally different thing.
Spirituality impels one to conquer difficulties and acquire more and more strength.
Spirituality implies life.
Spirituality includes one s capacity for creativity, growth, and the development of a value system.
Spirituality includes, but is more comprehensive than religion.
Spirituality instills values.
Spirituality involves motivation.
Spirituality is a broad concept that encompasses values, meaning and purpose.
Spirituality is a complex and elusive topic.
Spirituality is a focus.
Spirituality is a force that drives the human desire for freedom and the pursuit of higher ideals.
Spirituality is a fundamental, continuous part of our lives.
Spirituality is a funny business.
Spirituality is a fuzzy concept for many.
Spirituality is a journey.
Spirituality is a knowing by experience that there is an invisible presence that guides our lives.
Spirituality is a level of consciousness that transcends rationality.
Spirituality is a much used word in our lives.
Spirituality is a mystery almost impossible to name or put into words.
Spirituality is a natural part of each day s camp adventure.
Spirituality is a necessary dimension of being human.
Spirituality is a neglected area of study and research in the treatment of addictions.
Spirituality is a paradox.
Spirituality is a part of our solution.
Spirituality is a part of sexuality, as are culture and values.
Spirituality is a path.
Spirituality is a personal challenge to individuals.
Spirituality is a personal thing, and it means something different to everyone.
Spirituality is a personal thing.
Spirituality is a personnal matter.
Spirituality is a real journey into the unknown.
Spirituality is a religious category.
Spirituality is a safer word.
Spirituality is a science that deals with the spirit.
Spirituality is a seminal frequency.
Spirituality is a spontaneous alchemy that occurs when all of the instincts are working together.
Spirituality is a state of connectedness to all life, honouring diversity in unity.
Spirituality is a state of mind and a way of living one's life.
Spirituality is a strong basis for all indigenous societies.
Spirituality is a term used to define the relationship between life and spirit.
Spirituality is a topic raised over lunch.
Spirituality is a transpersonal quality, it is beyond the ego and obsession with the self.
Spirituality is a tricky notion.
Spirituality is a very broad concept.
Spirituality is a very necessary part of our lives.
Spirituality is a very personal thing.
Spirituality is a very powerful thing.
Spirituality is a vision of perfection, faith, gratitude, love, surrender, humility, and grace.
Spirituality is a vital component of our treatment program.
Spirituality is a way of connecting.
Spirituality is a way of life, a life of continuous prayer.
Spirituality is a way of life.
Spirituality is a way of living in depth.
Spirituality is a word laden with almost infinite levels of meaning.
Spirituality is a word that often gets misused.
Spirituality is about becoming a whole new person forever.
Spirituality is about becoming conscious of that relationship.
Spirituality is about being here now.
Spirituality is about caring and sharing.
Spirituality is about creativity and powerlessness.
Spirituality is about growing closer to whatever god is.
Spirituality is about meaning and connectedness.
Spirituality is about one thing only.
Spirituality is about seeing other worlds, the realm of imagination.
Spirituality is about strengthening every part of our lives.
Spirituality is about the way of the monkey and the way of the kitten.
Spirituality is about wholeness and completion.
Spirituality is alive in and personal to each soul.
Spirituality is all about generosity.
Spirituality is all about relationships.
Spirituality is all about the light, and meditation is about searching for the light.
Spirituality is all like water.
Spirituality is also a strong part of their beliefs in success.
Spirituality is also part of nature.
Spirituality is always about letting go.
Spirituality is always more individual.
Spirituality is among the oldest, slipperiest, most subjective and most profound of human phenomena.
Spirituality is an attitude that reveals life's meaning through everyday experience.
Spirituality is an emotion a feeling.
Spirituality is an essential component of our colleagues' life.
Spirituality is an experience of the holy .
Spirituality is an important and recurring theme in the group purpose statements of trainees.
Spirituality is an important dimension that often grows more important as people age.
Spirituality is an important value in our community.
Spirituality is an inately human trait.
Spirituality is an individual journey.
Spirituality is an inner experience on earth indirectly.
Spirituality is an integral aspect of all human life.
Spirituality is an integral part of everyone's make-up.
Spirituality is an intimate experience, very close, very personal.
Spirituality is an ongoing process that gets better with time.
Spirituality is an undeniable part of human experience.
Spirituality is anathema to materialism.
Spirituality is as important to people as ever.
Spirituality is as much part of our humanity as our sexuality.
Spirituality is at once very simple and very misunderstood.
Spirituality is at the center of all aspects of living.
Spirituality is at the center of traditional American Indian ways.
Spirituality is at the core of all religions.
Spirituality is at the heart, at the core.
Spirituality is available to all.
Spirituality is back on the agenda in our post-modern world.
Spirituality is back on the agenda.
Spirituality is basis and motivation for political activism.
Spirituality is central to colony life.
Spirituality is central to many patients' lives.
Spirituality is communication in and through the transcendental guarantee of the spirit.
Spirituality is compassion.
Spirituality is confined to the home, the church, or the community.
Spirituality is consciousness of infinite interrelatedness.
Spirituality is creativity.
Spirituality is defined by different people in different ways.
Spirituality is dependant on spiritual accountability.
Spirituality is difficult for journalists to cover.
Spirituality is divorced from public life.
Spirituality is enhanced with a healthy body and strong mind.
Spirituality is ever popular, but mainstream religions are declining in attendance.
Spirituality is evidenced in tender moments, kind gestures, thoughtful words.
Spirituality is experienced in the midst of movement, through the celebration of life.
Spirituality is experienced in wrestling.
Spirituality is experiential.
Spirituality is expression of the soul and includes art, literature, poetry, music and meditation.
Spirituality is finally about human freedom and fulfilment.
Spirituality is first and foremost human .
Spirituality is for people who have already been there.
Spirituality is for people who have been there already.
Spirituality is for people who have been there.
Spirituality is generosity of heart.
Spirituality is good business and good business is spiritual.
Spirituality is hard to delimit.
Spirituality is high right now, especially with young adults.
Spirituality is important to understanding a culture's values.
Spirituality is in and it is everywhere.
Spirituality is in any case more than just an individual's choice.
Spirituality is in vogue today.
Spirituality is in, and organized religion is out.
Spirituality is in.
Spirituality is indeed the highest religious experience possible.
Spirituality is independent of any religious preference.
Spirituality is intricately interwoven into all aspects of Indian culture.
Spirituality is intrinsically a practical affair.
Spirituality is introversion
Spirituality is just a mess intellectually.
Spirituality is just a way of valuing.
Spirituality is like a medicine.
Spirituality is located in churchs.
Spirituality is materialism.
Spirituality is measured by experiences.
Spirituality is more a part of their daily lives.
Spirituality is more important than mentality.
Spirituality is more than religion, it's a larger energetic relationship.
Spirituality is more valuable .
Spirituality is much more difficult to define than religion.
Spirituality is neither the privilege of the poor nor the luxury of the rich.
Spirituality is new.
Spirituality is no longer taboo, but in fact quite chic.
Spirituality is nothing more than a brave search for the truth about existence.
Spirituality is nothing that happens far away somewhere, unrelated with everyday life.
Spirituality is now just a mouse-click away.
Spirituality is now more a part of the care plan throughout a patient's hospital experience.
Spirituality is of vital interest to many people and perhaps, under different names, to everyone.
Spirituality is one of the foundation faculties of the mind.
Spirituality is one of the healthiest protective factors in mental health.
Spirituality is one of the most important determinants of organization performance.
Spirituality is one's connection to life and the totality of all things.
Spirituality is our gift from the Great One.
Spirituality is our way of reconnecting to the real.
Spirituality is out gift from the Great One.
Spirituality is packaged and repackaged and marketed in incredible ways.
Spirituality is part and parcel of being a human being.
Spirituality is part of the essence of humanity.
Spirituality is perhaps the most important category related to religion today.
Spirituality is permanent.
Spirituality is personal and private.
Spirituality is planetary as well as personal.
Spirituality is reality.
Some state machines can be extremely large and unfeasible for some programmable technologies.
State mammal is a confusing one.
State management can be one of the biggest headaches for developers of Web applications.
State management includes limited entry and quota, and fishing gear and area restrictions.
State management provides for such uses currently.
State markers are green with gold-leaf lettering and the state seal.
State markers are often difficult to find and often never monumented in the first place.
State media are likely to begin publicizing stories to show the dangers of the Wheel of Law.
State media are partial and less independent.
State military leave laws.
State militia crushes their rebellion.
State militia have to take refuge from the fury of the common folk.
State militias respond with expeditions and raids of their own.
Most state ministers are also big business people.
State monopolies require comparisons with other public utilities and some level of consumer choice.
State mottoes indicate that religion was embraced by state governments.
State name is required.
State names are fully qualified by the name of the object class to which the state pertains.
State names link to maps showing battlefield locations by county.
Some state names are purely Spanish.
State nicknames are especially popular among sports teams.
A state of affairs is a state
States of affairs have different properties.
States of consciousness are states of the brain.
States of consciousness have no mass, even if they can be conceded to be movable.
All states of consciousness are available right now.
Some states of consciousness have higher focus than others.
States of emergency are in effect along the river from Minnesota to southeast Iowa.
State of matter is a natural phenomenon
States of matter are good examples of entropy.
States of matter is the physical state in which the matter can exist.
A state of mind is a mental condition
State of mind is another important consideration in heart attack recovery.
States of mind are films.
States of mind tend to exclude each other to some extent.
All states of mind are motor in their consequences.
A state of nature is a state
States of nature are alternatives available to a decision maker.
Most states of souls give ages, but few occupations.
State of war is antagonism
State of war is declared.
State office is to be in charge of individual county offices.
State offices are open.
State offices can find themselves burdened with calls for information.
State offices perform resource assessment, demonstration projects, and provide technical assistance.
State offices remain open and state employees can take it as a floating holiday or actually work it.
State offices tend to provide excellent digital data, and it tends to come with good metadata.
State Offices Use the above navigation icons to quickly jump to other results.
Many state offices have information available here.
State officials coordinate health services.
State officials coordinate services.
State officials determine methods.
State officials determine operations.
State officials offer resources.
State operators handle directory assistance calls.
State organization is rather inactive.
State organizations have to protect themselves.
State organizations provide statistical data on the cattle business in their states.
Many state organizations have well-organized and effective political action networks.
Many state organizations maintain web sites.
State ownership is restricted to low production potential.
State ownership is still a national article of faith.
State ownership is still prevalent, in spite of a movement towards some privatisation.
State Park are inaccurate, so stop by the shop for an accurate map.
State Park has entry fee.
State park has hot showers and electricity.
State park has picnic and charcoal facilities, snack bar.
State Park passes are available at entrance stations and at park offices.
State Park piers nearby for angling and sight-seeing.
State parks accept reservations as far as six months in advance.
State parks are great places to see animals.
State parks are open year-round, and with a few exceptions, facilities are open seven nights a week.
State parks are parks.
State parks are part of the resource that is being considered.
State parks are public property to be preserved for our posterity as open and natural space.
State parks are wilderness parks.
State parks are wildlife refuges.
State parks contain significant examples of California's cultural heritage.
State parks dot the area.
State parks gift foundation.
State parks has several programs to help kids learn about their environment.
State parks have many tours and special camp cleanup projects for children.
State parks have special hunting and trapping regulations.
State parks have the best deals and lowest admission prices.
State parks maintain several bridle trails available for public use.
State parks map of Champlain Islands, Vermont.
State parks offer discounted rates for State employees.
State parks offer free trails to hike and many acres to explore.
State parks offer hiking, fishing, camping, birdwatching, and more.
State parks offer opportunities to find peaceful beauty in the Ocean State.
State parks offer recreation.
State parks protect the places that tell stories about Wisconsin people and landscapes.
State parks provide access for visitors with disabilities.
State parks receive just as many visitors each year as do national parks.
State parks require a fee that can be in the form of an annual pass for all state parks.
All state parks are open the year around.
All state parks are open the year round.
All state parks are open the year-round.
All state parks are wildlife preserves - hunting or trapping is unlawful.
All state parks charge entrance and camping fees based on the level of services available.
All state parks provide hiking, picnicking, and camping facilities.
Every state park has a Web site.
Every state park has picnic facilities and most have camping facilities and trails.
Many state parks allow pets in certain areas of the campground as well.
Many state parks are available but require a permit.
Many state parks charge a nominal visitors' fee per car during the summer season.
Many state parks contain giant stumps in second growth redwood forests.
Many state parks have cabins available.
Many state parks have hiking trails that are handicap-accessible.
Many state parks have hiking trails that make excellent terrain for a winter excursion.
Many state parks have one or more small lakes on their property.
Many state parks have places for picnics, trails to hike, camping areas, or lakes to go boating.
Many state parks have programs that encourage bike touring.
Many state parks have special use areas for use by non-profit youth organizations.
Many state parks have swimming pools or designated swimming areas in state park lakes.
Many state parks have wonderful opportunities for viewing native Florida wildlife.
Many state parks offer hiking opportunities as well.
Many state parks remain open for camping during the winter months.
Many state parks rent canoes and kayaks.
More state parks continue up the shore to the Canadian border.
Most state parks are open year-round, but some close in winter.
Most state parks have camping facilities.
Most state parks have events scheduled.
Most state parks offer clothing and gift items.
Most state parks offer firewood for sale.
Most state parks offer recreation.
Some state parks allow campers to pay the camping fee in an honor system envelope.
Some state parks allow winter camping, with rangers' permission.
Some state parks have self-guided interpretive trails.
State patterns vary, however.
State plane coordinates x and y, plus the scale factor.
State planning is available for California and New York as well as a user-specified generic state.
State planning is still in place.
State police officers have authority.
State police officers have duties.
State police are at work.
State police are laws.
State police are police.
State police attribute half of Delaware s fatal accidents to aggressive driving.
State police believe the driver was from Rupert, West Virginia.
State Police believe the trailer was overloaded.
State police believe there are more victims.
State police consist of about eight patrol cars.
State police continue to investigate but say there is no known motive for the shooting.
State police continue to investigate the accident.
State Police continue to investigate the accident.
State Police generate public information announcements.
State police have five such machines, Detroit one.
State police provide coverage in communities without police departments or with part-time ones.
State police provide police protection.
State police provide protection.
State police report a number of minor accidents.
State police report that the car was traveling at a high rate of speed when it lost control.
State police respond to scenes.
State Police say a car veered out of control, and hit another one almost head-on.
State police say a tractor trailer clipped the car while changing lanes, then pushed the auto ahead.
State police say at least six people died in weekend traffic accidents on Michigan roads.
State Police say charges are pending.
State Police say icy road conditions and low visibility led to a string of accidents in the area.
State Police say motorists are pleased with the checkpoints.
State Police say none of the injuries appeared to be life threatening.
State police say one car hit the rear of another, pushing it head-on into a third.
State Police say one lane of traffic is open.
State Police say the bullets are specifically coming from the shooting range.
State police say the car ran off the road and hit a tree.
State Police say the driver apparently fell asleep.
State police say the driver apparently lost control after hitting a soft part of the shoulder.
State Police say the driver lost control of the car and hit a utility pole.
State Police say the heavy traffic thinned out after about ten last night.
State police say the incident is still being investigated.
State Police say the shootings are believed to be drug-related.
State Police say the son died.
State Police say there are too many wild turkeys up here.
State police say they are making more of an effort to take aggressive drivers off the road.
State police say they have joined a nationwide effort to bring the accident rate down.
State police say they're amazed no one was seriously hurt.
State Police say they're beefing up patrols to make sure they do.
State Police say they've recovered the weapon used in the crime.
State police say young black men in expensive cars are drug runners.
State Police serve the township.
State police suggest traveling during off-peak hours to avoid congestion.
State police talk to organizers.
State police use helicopters to fly over suspected areas.
State Police use the service to connect smaller, remote sites to Salem.
Most state police provide protection.
State policies can sometimes impede improvements at the district and school levels.
State policies have an impact on the number of public colleges and their mission.
State policies prohibit the stocking of fish with whirling disease.
State policies regarding reimbursement of long-term care costs play a significant role.
State policy accounts for some of it.
State policy calls for destruction of an entire cattle herd when any animals in it are infected.
State policy encourages growth within the urban growth boundary.
State policy favors strongly separate trials.
State policy is if staff bring in personal property, staff is responsible for any losses.
State policy prohibits the purchase of individual memberships with state funds.
State policy requires only that students justify their absences and make up their work.
State policy requires that driving records be checked annually.
State policy requires the use of a compact sedan whenever possible.
Some state policies are clearer, more positive, and more directive than others.
State power divides into legislative, executive and judicial.
State power is a good example of a necessary cage.
State power is contested in the resulting legal and institutional pluralism.
State power is economics as well.
State power is wielded where success is perceived as likely.
State power is, therefore, the principal dimension of political power.
A state prison is a prison
State prisons are full of Portland area criminals.
State prisons are the largest part.
State prisons vary in size and type of security.
State properties are available to the public by way of public tender.
State property is also theft.
State property is to be sold only to industrial investors, the bill runs.
State prosecutors are sympathetic - but adamant.
State prosecutors can block bail by establishing grounds for seeking the death penalty.
State prosecutors have discretion to determine whom to prosecute, and what charges to bring.
State prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty.
State racism contaminates civil society.
State radio provides one hour of programming.
State recognition is, in our opinion, too variable to be used as a measure of legitimacy.
State records are another vital area of information gathering.
State records indicate both statements are false.
State records indicate the other appointees gave little or nothing to candidates.
State records list the business as a sporting goods company.
State records reveal the names of corporate officers and directors.
State records show serious complaints or actions against the center or home.
State records vary.
State regulation includes guidelines for impulse noise.
State regulation is at a crossroads.
State regulation is indispensable.
State regulation is invalid if it discriminates between domestic and foreign commerce.
State regulation is likely to grow in tandem with oversight and enforcement needs.
State regulation is necessary in order to give local law enforcement the means to take action.
State regulation requires an adoptive home study.
State regulation requires children to wear helmets when biking.
State regulation varies from state to state.
State regulation works.
State regulations allow customers to read their own meters up to six months in a row.
State regulations allow the disposal to sewer under certain conditions.
State regulations allow the retention of sablefish as bycatch during the open season.
State regulations allows for only chemicals from households to be accepted.
State regulations apply in federal waters.
State regulations apply in the absence of local controls.
State regulations apply to all fishing.
State regulations apply to fishing and crabbing on the refuge.
State regulations apply to wetlands on the beds of lakes and streams.
State regulations apply while fishing and crabbing on the refuge.
State regulations apply.
State regulations are now vulnerable to changes requested by business interests.
State regulations are the most current available anywhere.
State regulations benefit everyone but the working girl.
State regulations can change daily.
State regulations can, in some cases, require more frequent testing and additional paperwork.
State regulations control teacher-student ratios.
State regulations force nursing homes to seek guardianships over incompetent patients.
State regulations governing the deductibility of gifts of life insurance vary.
State regulations governing the use of vacation time apply to the extra vacation the bill grants.
State regulations guarantee less quality, and free markets guarantee a complete lack of quality.
State regulations help to ensure that school-age children are up on their immunizations.
State regulations make no provisions for travel advances.
State regulations mandate sexism in perpetrator treatment programs.
State regulations prohibit approval of an expenditure contract for services already performed.
State regulations prohibit computers from being discarded in conventional landfills.
State regulations prohibit corporal punishment.
State regulations prohibit non water-related activities on ocean piers.
State regulations prohibit pitching a tent anywhere but at a shelter area.
State regulations prohibit structures and on-site wastewater systems within the beach easement.
State regulations prohibit the use of state-owned equipment for political purposes.
State regulations provide a mechanism for casino investors to structure a transaction in that way.
State regulations provide for state review and appeal of a district decision.
State regulations recognize that a one year balance is appropriate in the debt payment category.
State regulations require a certain amount of square footage per child.
State regulations require an activity be at least five hours in length.
State regulations require bull trout and cutthroats to be released.
State regulations require documentation of attendance.
State regulations require highway agencies to store salt inside a covered, waterproof structure.
State regulations require municipal agreements between counties for trash disposal.
State regulations require one on every anhydrous nurse tank.
State regulations require one staff member on duty for every six residents.
State regulations require particular coursework requirements for each endorsement.
State regulations require that state facilities be given preference when possible.
State regulations require that the bus driver be in the bus while it is running or occupied.
State regulations require that the opining actuary compute a range of reasonable estimates.
State regulations require that traps be checked at least once a day.
State regulations require various programs of study both prior to and following the licensing exam.
State regulations vary.
All state regulations apply, including possession of an inland trout stamp.
All state regulations apply.
All State regulations pertaining to archery and firearms deer hunting apply.
Most state regulations allow for a period of up to four weeks to respond to any appeal.
Most state regulations allow pharmacists an arbitrary one-year discard date.
Some state regulations adopt federal health or environmental regulations by reference.
Some state regulations apply to the use of credit cards and checks, as well as minimum draw amounts.
Some state regulations are easy to comply with and some are difficult.
Some state regulations require that inspection reports adhere to a particular state-specific format.
State religion is no real religion at all.
State report urges return to basics in teaching reading.
State reports are similar.
State reports indicate a steady increase in the number of computers per student.
State reports show many counties fail to comply, however.
State reports show that Nazarenes grow by outreach .
State reports vary widely regarding content.
State representative speaks up on partnerships in Florida.
State representatives announce their results from the convention floor.
State representatives appear ready to approve the bill.
State representatives play a crucial role in mountain bike advocacy.
State representatives work together, balancing the best interests of each state district.
State responsibilities are similar.
State responsibility can include material assistance to parents and their children.
State roads are decent and county roads vary widely.
State roads lead to major sites.
State schools are almost always less expensive than private schools.
State schools are comprehensive.
State schools are free for all children.
State schools are now only in the first step of implementing the reforms.
State schools are slow to give places, so parents panic.
State schools are the reproductive organs of statism.
State schools are therefore immoral in principle.
State schools can and do provide for very able children.
State schools can be good value for the in-staters.
State schools face numerous hardships.
State schools have an obligation to meet the needs of dyslexic pupils.
State schools have to have strict priorities.
State schools have to manage with less and less money.
State schools provide a free education.
State schools require white smocks, different styles for boys and girls.
State schools say they are trying to do the same thing.
State schools score high in new report.
All state schools are coeducational.
Many state schools offer special tuition rates for bona fide residents of the given state.
Most state schools favor their residents in admissions.
Most state schools offer developemental math classes.
Some state schools manage to have excellent facilities like computers despite their small budgets.
Some state schools offer top rated programs.
State seal appears in left center of front.
State seal has beaver on it.
State seal is machine sewn, and grommets are featured for easy display.
State seals are generally Black on silver.
A state senator is a senator
State senator cuts provision to end nurse-guard jobs.
State senators are legislators.
State senators are senators.
State senators contend that price fixing is hurting consumers and inflating the price of milk.
State senators have four-year terms.
State senators have until the end of the session, likely in two or three weeks, to take up the bill.
State Senators serve four-year terms.
State Senators serve staggered four-year terms.
Many state senators have no personal community college experience.
State service is the cumulative total months of state employment.
State services are available at any time day or night.
State services are on the alert to face any problems caused by the heatwave.
State services depend increasingly on donor resources, particularly in Tanzania and Uganda.
State services require calmness.
State socialism is a big lie.
State socialism is economy
State song is Home on the Range.
State sovereignty becomes an issue.
State sovereignty remains the fundamental principle in international relations.
State space is essentially a graph in which each axis is associated with one dynamic variable.
State space searches.
State spending is at the constitutional spending cap.
Most state spending is guided by statutory formulas or provisions.
State studs own the stallions in Austria, carefully maintaining the quality of the breed.
State subsidies are off slightly.
State subsidies cover part of the municipalities' and sports organisations' expenses.
State subsidies provide a significant portion of the program cost.
State subsidy covers salaries of staff appointed in terms of prescribed norms.
State symbols are generally a heady type of issue.
Some state symbols have great historical value, such as the grizzly bear on California's flag.
State tables are another representation of the same information.
State tables are available below.
State tax applies to California residents.
State tax is applied to an item if shipped in California.
State tax is applied to an item if the shipping address is in Ohio.
State tax is applied to Washington residents.
State tax is charged on all Missouri calls.
State tax is included in the total cost.
State tax IS payable as the vehicle has never been registered before.
State tax takes an additional bite.
State tax varies.
State taxation is also complicated.
State taxes are high to keep local property taxes low.
State taxes are low and there is a favorable business climate.
State taxes are substantially lower than in other states.
State taxes buy a poor education.
State taxes have to be modified to reflect the current actual tax rate per state.
State taxes provide most of the remaining funds.
State taxes total seven per cent.
State taxes vary.
State terrorism begets free-agent terrorism.
State terrorism is a. a globally approved type of warfare.
State terrorism is the most ignoble form of terrorism.
State transitions can occur before or after method invocations.
State transitions describe events that cause an object to go from state to another.
A state treasurer is a treasurer
State treasurers are the trustees of the public purse.
State treasurers serve as the chief financial officers of the states.
State tree guides now available.
State tree is the pinon.
State trees are popular because of their beauty and practical value.
A state trooper is a policeman
Most strategies encourage rapid expansion.
Most strategies encourage rapid population expansion.
Most strategies ensure survival.
Most strategies evolve over time.
Most strategies evolve over years.
Most strategies focus on appreciation.
Most strategies focus on capital appreciation.
Most strategies focus on clusters of descriptor terms.
Most strategies focus on likelihood.
Most strategies follow approaches.
Most strategies guide actions.
Most strategies guide crucial decisions.
Most strategies guide decisions.
Most strategies have advantage.
Most strategies have aspects.
Most strategies have consequences.
Most strategies have effects.
Most strategies have indirect effects.
Most strategies have limitations.
Most strategies have potential.
Most strategies have properties.
Most strategies help decisions.
Most strategies identify numbers.
Most strategies increase chances.
Most strategies involve components.
Most strategies involve exploitation.
Most strategies involve implement several different responses.
Most strategies involve responses.
Most strategies involve selections.
Most strategies lead to advancement.
Most strategies lead to medical advancement.
Most strategies make senses.
Most strategies observe in mammals.
Most strategies promote follicle growth.
Most strategies promote growth.
Most strategies promote production.
Most strategies promote rice production.
Most strategies propose manipulation.
Most strategies provide frameworks.
Most strategies reflect evidence.
Most strategies reflect factors.
Most strategies require cooperation.
Most strategies require information.
Most strategies require knowledge.
Most strategies show a rapid and continual decline in percentage of bushes remaining.
Most strategies show use.
Most strategies support goals.
Most strategies support term goals.
Most strategies take advantage.
Most strategies use management techniques.
Most strategies use methods.
Most strategies use modern management techniques.
Most strategies use modern techniques.
Most strategies use techniques.
Most strategies utilize knowledge.
Most strategies yield dramatic results.
Most strategies yield results.
Some strategies add benefits.
Some strategies apply to trials.
Some strategies are aggressive and even speculative.
Some strategies are as simple as putting together a collection of index funds.
Some strategies are blends of all four.
Some strategies are conservative and some are down right speculative.
Some strategies are effective, while others are confusing.
Some strategies are employed by animals.
Some strategies are employed by blackbucks.
Some strategies are employed by group members.
Some strategies are employed by members.
Some strategies are evident only by allusion or by reading between the lines.
Some strategies are ineffective in protecting portfolios during a disaster.
Some strategies are more creative than others.
Some strategies are more effective than others in particular subject areas.
Some strategies are relatively low-cost.
Some strategies are used by birds.
Some strategies are used by many workers.
Some strategies are used by marine organisms.
Some strategies are used by organisms.
Some strategies are used by other marine organisms.
Some strategies are used by other organisms.
Some strategies are used by parasites.
Some strategies are used by predators.
Some strategies are used by protozoan parasites.
Some strategies are used by workers.
Some strategies are very successful.
Some strategies base on evidence.
Some strategies base on patterns.
Some strategies base on solid evidence.
Some strategies carry a high degree of risk of loss of capital.
Some strategies concentrate on rapidly growing companies while others seek more intrinsic value.
Some strategies create growth.
Some strategies deal with protection.
Some strategies describe activities.
Some strategies encourage development.
Some strategies enhance capacity.
Some strategies enhance chances.
Some strategies enhance digestive capacity.
Some strategies enhance economic growth.
Some strategies enhance growth.
Some strategies enhance infant survival.
Some strategies enhance survival.
Some strategies ensure analyses.
Some strategies ensure continuity.
Some strategies ensure growth.
Some strategies ensure predictable growth.
Some strategies explain characteristics.
Some strategies explain complex patterns.
Some strategies explain patterns.
Some strategies focus on areas.
Some strategies focus on cost.
Some strategies focus on danger.
Some strategies focus on distribution.
Some strategies focus on growth.
Some strategies focus on hygiene.
Some strategies focus on preservation.
Some strategies focus on reduce cost.
Some strategies focus on resistance.
Some strategies focus on roles.
Some strategies follow.
Some strategies guide progress.
Some strategies have impact.
Some strategies have issues.
Some strategies have negative impact.
Some strategies have yet to be developed beyond a basic analysis of issues.
Some strategies help anxiety symptoms.
Some strategies help coughs.
Some strategies help development.
Some strategies help farmers.
Some strategies help pain.
Some strategies help renewable energy development.
Some strategies help symptoms.
Some strategies improve accuracy.
Some strategies improve health.
Some strategies improve quality.
Some strategies improve survival.
Some strategies increase likelihood.
Some strategies influence competitive outcomes.
Some strategies introduce bias.
Some strategies introduce selection bias.
Some strategies involve a high degree of knowledge of the other culture.
Some strategies involve alternation.
Some strategies involve conversions.
Some strategies involve determination.
Some strategies involve predictions.
Some strategies involve public planning and investments.
Some strategies involve regular eat schedules.
Some strategies involve regular schedules.
Some strategies involve schedules.
Some strategies involve services.
Some strategies involve weapons.
Some strategies look good for some programs, some look bad.
Some strategies naturally complement each other, compensating for each others weaknesses.
Some strategies offer advantage.
Some strategies provide economic values.
Some strategies provide meals.
Some strategies provide nutritious meals.
Some strategies provide protection.
Some strategies provide values.
Some strategies reduce erosion.
Some strategies reduce soil erosion.
Some strategies refer to the promotion of external ferry links to Europe.
Some strategies relate to health.
Some strategies relate to oral health.
Some strategies rely on tendencies.
Some strategies require a true sense of urgency and an immediate plan of action.
Some strategies require energy.
Some strategies require prescriptions.
Some strategies result in conflict.
Some strategies result in death.
Some strategies result in degradations.
Some strategies result in fluctuations.
Some strategies result in particulate reductions.
Some strategies result in reductions.
Some strategies result in significant reductions.
Some strategies say in statements.
Some strategies support careers.
Some strategies support entrepreneurs.
Some strategies support survival.
Some strategies take over where others leave off.
Some strategies target adults.
Some strategies target children.
Some strategies yield stories.
Some strategy is introduced by the presence of a timer and item capsules in each battle.
Some strategy is involved in course topography and weather.
Stratification also occurs in large bodies of water such as lakes and oceans.
Stratification also reduces sampling variance as compared to a simple random sample.
Stratification can also be temporal.
Stratification can also develop from incident solar radiation heating the upper levels of the water.
Stratification can cause significant loss of capacity.
Stratification can happen in the soil or in storage.
Stratification can prevent the vertical propagation of wave energy.
Stratification controls the distribution of the sample size in the strata.
Stratification decreases sediment mixing.
Stratification improves seed germination of five native wildflower species.
Stratification is a classification
Stratification is a process by which groups of cells organize to form layers in tissue.
Stratification is a seasonal phenomenon.
Stratification is a typical summer condition in many bodies of water.
Stratification is an artificial method of giving seeds a cold period.
Stratification is brought on by warm weather.
Stratification is categorizations.
Stratification is common.
Stratification is conditions.
Stratification is defined as the unequal rights and perquisites of different positions in a society.
Stratification is determined especially by the sizes and kinds of plants present.
Stratification is encouraged when doing species inventory in British Columbia.
Stratification is evident within the series control section.
Stratification is geological processes.
Stratification is maintained throughout summer due to the warming of surface waters.
Stratification is necessary for successful cryopreservation of axes from stored hazelnut seed.
Stratification is one way that sedimentary rocks can form.
Stratification is over one height scale.
Stratification is placements.
Stratification is present in some pedons.
Stratification is rare.
Stratification is recommended for all persimmon seeds.
Stratification is shapes.
Stratification is stronger than normal conditions.
Stratification is strongest in deep estuaries with weak tidal flow.
Stratification is the process of soaking and chilling seeds prior to sowing.
Stratification is typical.
Stratification is utilized to focus the survey on the target population.
Stratification is when water separates by temperature.
Stratification isolates sedimentary processes.
Stratification promotes rapid germination, treatment protects seeds from bird and rodents.
Stratification protects plants by preventing seed germination during cold winter months.
Stratification provides the lens and focus for perceiving the society.
Stratification provides thermal refuges for organisms.
Stratification ranges from very slight to distinct.
Stratification reduces sample sizes within each stratum.
Stratification refers to distinct layers of water that form in the lake.
Stratification tends to occur in estuaries where fresh water meets salt water.
Stratification uses low temperatures and moisture to duplicate natural conditions.
Stratified city is a time bomb for social onflict.
Stratified rocks are mostly sandstones, shales and limestone .
Stratified seed is particularly susceptible to desiccation after planting.
Stratified seed is prepared for sowing and new beds are prepared for planting.
Stratified sites are rare in northeastern Minnesota, where soil deposition is typically slow.
Stratified waters appear to be much less productive than well-mixed ones.
Stratiflighted events are a hybrid between stratified and flighted.
Many stratigraphic analysis features.
Stratigraphic column shows position of coal-bearing intervals.
Stratigraphic data are available.
Stratigraphic data indicate a pronounced accumulation asymmetry exists across the ridge line.
Stratigraphic data serve as an arbitrator of sorts.
Stratigraphic evidence indicates cessation and reactivation of subduction at some trenches.
Stratigraphic levels follow the thickness of the identifiable layers of soil and cultural materials.
Stratigraphic order is preserved in all cases.
Stratigraphic relationships are generally straightforward in the southern portion of the map area.
Stratigraphic studies begin our study in the Black Hills.
Stratigraphic studies constitute the initial work in the Black Hills.
Most stratigraphic traps consist of layers of impermeable rock that surround oilbearing rocks.
Stratigraphic units are traceable for miles beneath the South Platte River north of Denver.
A stratigraphy is a geology
Stratigraphy covers study of rocks of a region and tracing down the geological history.
Stratocumulus cloud consists of large, rounded masses of stratus that form groups, lines or waves.
Stratocumulus clouds are large and lumpy, round or rolled-looking, and often cover the entire sky.
Stratocumulus clouds are low, lumpy and gray.
Stratocumulus clouds are low, puffy and gray.
Stratocumulus clouds are low, with irregular masses.
Stratocumulus clouds are masses of puffy clouds with little or no space in between.
Stratocumulus clouds are same in appearance to altocumulus and are often mistaken for such.
Stratocumulus clouds are the main type of cloud that can produce crepuscular rays .
Stratocumulus clouds can result when layers of clouds are heated from below and convection follows.
Stratosphere has (part) ozone holes.
Stratosphere has (part) ozone layers.
Stratosphere has height.
Stratosphere is a layer
Stratosphere is a massive wall of air, driven by a noisy bassdrum.
Stratosphere is the second major layer of the atmosphere.
Stratosphere isa region.
Most stratosphere has height.
Some stratosphere extends from surfaces.
Some stratosphere is part of skies.
Some stratosphere is part of worlds.
Stratospheric aerosols are of particular interest.
Stratospheric aerosols are usually too sparse to have any effect on atmospheric UV transmission.
Stratospheric aerosols play an important role in the formation of polar stratospheric clouds.
Stratospheric aerosols reduce the transmission of sunlight into the umbra.
Stratospheric hazes are present at both latitudes.
Stratospheric ozone absorbs harmful ultraviolet light.
Stratospheric ozone blocks harmful ultraviolet radiation from reaching the earth.
Stratospheric ozone forms a protective layer that blocks out UV-B's destructive effects.
Stratospheric ozone has natural temporal and spatial variations that can be quite large.
Stratospheric ozone is found in the stratosphere, a layer of air way up in the atmosphere.
Stratospheric ozone is good and is essential for protecting life on earth.
Stratospheric ozone is good, but ground-level ozone is harmful.
Stratospheric ozone is important for blocking ultraviolet radiation from space.
Stratospheric ozone is known to be the major absorber of ultraviolet radiation.
Stratospheric ozone is measured using two different instruments.
Stratospheric ozone is the same chemical as ground level ozone.
Stratospheric ozone protects life by absorbing harmful ultraviolet radiation from the sun.
Stratospheric ozone protects the planet from the sun's harmful ultraviolet rays.
Stratospheric ozone provides a protective shield absorbing harmful ultraviolet radiation.
Stratospheric processes play a significant role in the earth's climate.
Stratospheric temperatures are now very low throughout much of the globe.
Stratospheric temperatures remain cold enough for stratospheric clouds to exist.
Stratospheric wave disturbances propagating over the equatorial Pacific.
Stratospheric winds transport ozone from tropical regions to the poles.
A stratum is a layer
Strata contain evidence.
Strata have levels.
Strata have sea levels.
Stratum isa region.
Stratums are layers.
Many strata are too tightly bent.
Most strata have levels.
Most strata have sea levels.
Some strata have immense significance.
Some strata have significance.
A stratus cloud is a cloud
Stratus clouds are a particular case.
Stratus clouds are a uniform gray and usually cover most of the sky.
Stratus clouds are a very low dark uniform gray color.
Stratus clouds are another type of cloud.
Stratus clouds are clouds.
Stratus clouds are generally shapeless.
Stratus clouds are good indicators that precipitation is approaching.
Stratus clouds are gray and uniform in appearance.
Stratus clouds are low clouds that produce a hazy, gray veil with a uniform base throughout the sky.
Stratus clouds are low layers of thick, gray clouds typical of overcast days.
Stratus clouds are low, flat clouds.
Stratus clouds are low.
Stratus clouds are sheetlike and spread like flat layers across the sky.
Stratus clouds are the lowest clouds.
Stratus clouds are uniform gray in color and almost cover the entire sky.
Stratus clouds are uniform grayish clouds that often cover the entire sky.
Stratus clouds are very gray and long and they usually resemble fog in the sky.
Stratus clouds are very low-level grey layers or patches of clouds with fuzzy edges.
Stratus clouds build up when warm moist air rides up slowly over a bank of colder air.
Stratus clouds can persist for days in anticyclone conditions.
Stratus clouds cover the entire sky.
Stratus clouds extend in flatter formations than cumulus ones.
Stratus clouds form at tops.
Stratus clouds form flat layers or uniform sheets.
Stratus clouds form in layers.
Stratus clouds form mass.
Stratus clouds indicate storms.
Stratus clouds look like a layer of fog that never reaches the ground.
Stratus clouds look like featureless gray to white sheets of cloud.
Stratus clouds produce a drizzle or light mist, never an honest rain.
Most stratus clouds form at tops.
Some stratus clouds affect transportation.
Some stratus clouds are caused by air.
Some stratus clouds move current.
Stratus computers are reliable and provide high-performance.
Stratus gives pilots easy situational awareness for an unbelievable price.
Stratus is a cloud
Stratus is clouds.
Stratus isa phenomenon.
Stratus participates in many shows around the world at the corporate level.
Stratus produces considerable precipitation.
Stratus produces precipitation.
Stratus provides throughput and storage services to petroleum refiners, marketers and jobbers.
Most stratus produces considerable precipitation.
Most stratus produces precipitation.
Straw bale offers many sustainable and energy efficient properties.
Straw bales are a natural, safe, locally available and annually renewable material.
Straw bales are also fire resistant.
Straw bales are an excellent building material.
Straw bales are stagger stacked on top of one another, similar to bricks, to create the walls.
Straw bales are used to shield the beets from the weather.
Straw bales burn like phone books.
Straw bales contain exotic weed seeds.
Straw bales have a very low embodied energy.
Straw bales offer excellent insulation.
Straw bales perform well with lime based plasters and earthen plasters.
Straw bales provide superinsulation to reduce utility costs.
All straw bales contain some seed.
A straw hat is a hat
Straw hats are acceptable if ok'ed by an officer.
Straw hats are appropriate in h ot weather.
Straw hats are definitely less expensive.
Straw hats are hats.
Straw hats are still worn in half-dress.
A straw man is an argument
Straw man hangs out.
Straw men are as fun to tear down as they are to make.
Straw men are few, though some do turn up to advance the narrative flow.
A straw mushroom is agaric
Straw mushrooms are completely different to other Chinese mushrooms in flavour and texture.
A straw poll is a poll
Straw poll indicates a modest number of people agree.
Straw purchases are an important avenue for guns to move from the legal to the illegal market.
Straw strength appears to be good.
Straw strength is above average.
Straw strength is average - good.
Straw strength is generally very good.
Straw strength tends to be weaker than many other varieties.
Straw burns too quick.
Straw can also bring in noxious weeds if caution isn t taken.
Straw can be a safe, inexpensive litter but needs to be changed often.
Straw can be too sharp and can injure the hamster.
Straw can collect in the dryer and block rice flow.
Straw can do mailorder anywhere in the USA and internationally.
Straw can prevent needed sunlight from reaching new seedlings, therefore inhibiting growth.
Straw comes from rice, oats, wheat, etc.
Straw continues to be a scarce commodity.
Straw covers a good deal more ground, but mares often eat the straw and can colic.
Straw decomposes more quickly than shavings, which is good for the soil.
Straw dismisses the claims.
Students are smart.
Students are smarter than that.
Students are so apart from each other.
Students are so concerned with peers that school and families take a back seat.
Students are so diverse, and they are all in different learning modes.
Students are so excited about learning that they are coming in before and after school and at lunch.
Students are so excited and appreciative of help they receive.
Students are so near the court that their knees almost poke backs of reporters.
Students are so trusting, and too many professors are way out of line.
Students are solely responsible for all material presented in class.
Students are solely responsible for checking on mail deliveries.
Students are solely responsible for completing their cultural events requirements.
Students are solely responsible for information or class format changes made during their absence.
Students are solely responsible for initiating procedures to drop the class.
Students are solely responsible for knowing about any announcements made during the lecture period.
Students are solely responsible for the content of personal home pages.
Students are solely responsible for the lease.
Students are solely responsible for the news and advertising content of the publication.
Students are solely responsible for their attendance record.
Students are solely responsible for withdrawing from the course by the posted drop date.
Students are some of the greatest resources for learning on campus.
Students are some of the harshest critics.
Students are sometimes able to make it through high school without studying much at all.
Students are sometimes able to relate recent Cold War stories to topics covered in class.
Students are sometimes able to secure a job related to their particular program of study.
Students are sometimes hard to read.
Students are sometimes impatient with the case system of teaching.
Students are sometimes late to class because their locker is far away from their classes.
Students are sometimes overly concerned about their talent level.
Students are sometimes reluctant to approach a teacher because they are shy or unsure of protocol.
Students are sometimes surprised at the friendliness of their Texas professors and classmates.
Students are sometimes surprised that writing skills are so important.
Students are sometimes surprised to find out what art is about and what abilities they possess.
Students are sometimes uncomfortable approaching other students about a study group.
Students are specially welcome.
Students are specialty, and our goal is to promote healthy lifestyles.
Students are sponges.
Students are stakeholders as regards learning outcomes.
Students are stakeholders regarding learning outcomes.
Students are still eligible for individual honors.
Students are still eligible to apply for other grants and loans.
Students are still extremely interested in learning about Vietnam.
Students are still in the process of learning the theorem.
Students are still in the streets, they are just in cars now.
Students are still liable for all charges they incur.
Students are still merely beginners in comparison to the higher degrees.
Students are still powerful.
Students are still responsible for activity, athletic, health fees, etc.
Students are still responsible for attending any classes held that day.
Students are still responsible for class assignments during prearranged absences.
Students are still responsible for the content of the courses.
Students are still responsible for the material and assignments on the assigned date.
Students are still responsible for the material covered in class.
Students are still responsible for the payment of tuition by the appropriate due date.
Students are still responsible knowing how to solve all problems listed.
Students are still safest in school.
Students are still subject to tuition expenses when registering for no credit.
Students are still undecided about the new stores in town.
Students are strong centers of influence with their peers and family.
Students are strongly dis couraged to miss class or exams.
Students are Strongly Encouraged to Attend.
Students are strongly encouraged to seek assistance as soon as they recognize there is a problem.
Students are strongly encourages to ask questions and to share their own views.
Students are stronlgy advised to attend all classes and do the assigned reading ahead of time.
Students are students cause they want to be.
Students are students, who want to learn more with doing less.
Students are students.
Students are studies held, and to share their experience with other members of the group.
Students are stunned.
Students are subject to academic load limits described below.
Students are subject to additional requirements of the department for continuing in the program.
Students are subject to all local laws while in Europe.
Students are subject to all the rules, regulations and deadlines of the host institution .
Students are subject to an academic warning from the end of the first semester of enrollment.
Students are subject to an extensive background and driving record check.
Students are subject to appropriate sanctions and university rules.
Students are subject to attendance regulations as determined by the instructor of each course.
Students are subject to being tested through unannounced quizzes over course work.
Students are subject to both the rules of the bus and the rules of the school which they attend.
Students are subject to brief, periodic quizzes.
Students are subject to current prices.
Students are subject to disciplinary action for academic misconduct, which is defined in s.
Students are subject to disciplinary action for the inappropriate behavior of their guests.
Students are subject to dismissal if any part of the application has been falsified.
Students are subject to disqualification after two consecutive quarters of academic probation.
Students are subject to electrical and radiant energy.
Students are subject to existing regulations regarding removal of probationary status.
Students are subject to federal and tribal laws as well as institutional rules and regulations.
Students are subject to having their wages garnished and their tax refunds withheld.
Students are subject to probation from the end of the first semester of enrollment.
Students are subject to proficiency exams in performance areas.
Students are subject to the academic requirements of their particular course of study.
Students are subject to the academic rules of their host institution while abroad.
Students are subject to the admissions requirements of the college.
Students are subject to the consequences of misconduct.
Students are subject to the entrance requirements of the particular program to which they apply.
Students are subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act.
Students are subject to the guidelines of behavior set up by the school.
Students are subject to the laws of the land.
Students are subject to the major requirements in force when they declare the major.
Students are subject to the normal admission policies of the respective graduate school.
Students are subject to the rules and regulations of the host campus while on exchange.
Students are subject to the same academic requirements demanded of all regular students.
Students are subject to the same reservation logistics as faculty.
Students are subject to withdrawal for excessive absences.
Students are successful in learning.
Students are successful in location the correct web site.
Students are successful learners.
Students are successful with ever more challenging instructional materials and programs.
Students are successful with ever-more challenging instructional materials and programs.
Students are supervised and are additional to qualified staff.
Students are supportive of the political rights of women and of immigrants.
Students are supreme in the schools.
Students are sure to enjoy the bright vivid colors.
Students are sure to enjoy their trips.
Students are sure to find our program inviting, challenging, and rewarding.
Students are surely intelligent enough to realise wife beating and homophobia are wrong.
Students are surprised at the district' s uncharacteristic reaction.
Students are surprised at the district's uncharacteristic reaction.
Students are surprised to learn that all of the different shapes have the same area.
Students are surprised to see that the messages sent by many Internet applications are so simple.
Students are surprising.
Students are susceptible to debilitating computer-related injuries.
Students are take place.
Students are tardy if sent from classes for permits.
Students are taught how to distinguish between suppression, an aggravation and a positive response.
Students are taught the concept of conservation of resources.
Students are teachers .
Students are teams of scientists and sent on a mission to find habitats for seven animals.
Students are teen mothers on welfare, long-term dropouts, homeless youth, and others.
Students are teenagers, thus full activity programme also in place in colleges.
Students are tenth graders who are reading A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens.
Students are than promoted to a smaller number of middle schools and, usually, a single high school.
Students are thankful for the resources now available.
Students are the active users of the technology.
Students are the anchors, camera workers, and weather reporters.
Students are the beneficiaries of the feedback process.
Students are the beneficiaries of their financial aid and their education.
Students are the best arbiters of what they wish to learn.
Students are the best judges as to when to join a Greek group.
Students are the biggest winners.
Students are the center of attention here, while teachers motivate and facilitate learning .
Students are the center of instructional planning.
Students are the center of our thoughts and the focus of our dreams.
Students are the center of the educational process.
Students are the central focus of all our endeavours.
Students are the centre of the learning process and teachers act as leaders.
Students are the change-agents of society.
Students are the clear winners.
Students are the consumers of content in schools.
Students are the consumers of the university.
Students are the consumers.
Students are the customers in our respectful business.
Students are the driving force behind our many clubs and volunteer organizations.
Students are the driving force behind our student clubs and organizations.
Students are the face of the university planetarium.
Students are the faculty s number one priority.
Students are the first priority.
Students are the first to say that teamwork is vital to their learning.
Students are THE focus for all decisions.
Students are the focus of attention.
Students are the focus of our district.
Students are the focus of our expertise, concern and energy until they have completed graduation.
Students are the focus of our work as an institution of higher learning.
Students are the focus of the education process.
Students are the future of any organization.
Students are the future of our professional community.
Students are the gauge of social and political stability or instability.
Students are the greatest at recognizing what is going on in their school.
Students are the heart and soul of everything.
Students are the heart of our graduate program in chemistry.
Students are the heart of our institution.
Students are the heart of our school.
Students are the heart of the program.
Students are the heartbeat of our campus.
Students are the heaviest users of the modem pool.
Students are the impressionable ones.
Students are the individuals most affected by the decisions of school committees.
Students are the issue.
Students are the key to our agenda for excellence.
Students are the key.
Students are the largest constituency and basic focus of the campus ministry program.
Students are the largest constituency served by the faculty and staff.
Students are the largest group of computer users on campus.
Students are the life blood of a great university.
Students are the lifeblood of a field.
Students are the lifeblood of any university.
Students are the lifeblood of our business.
Students are the main protagonists and use their own names and surnames.
Students are the main reason for our existence as a university.
Students are the major participants in the liturgy.
Students are the major participants through the choir, readings, and the offertory procession.
Students are the most effective spokesmen for recruiting and retaining students.
Students are the most important part of teaching.
Students are the most important people in our college.
Students are the most important people on campus.
Students are the most obvious.
Students are the most valuable asset for the future.
Students are the newscasters each morning.
Students are the number one priority.
Students are the obvious beneficiaries when professors from two branches of knowledge come together.
Students are the obvious beneficiaries.
Students are the ones most often benefitted from federally funded aid.
Students are the ones that do the practice and refine their skills.
Students are the ones threatening to sue to bring the site down.
Students are the ones to change things.
Students are the ones who are cheated most when other students cheat.
Students are the only concentrated population.
Students are the only customers who wish the least.
Students are the only group capable of mobilizing dissent.
Students are the only level at which women are making gains.
Students are the only ones punished by the new rule.
Students are the only reason public schools function today.
Students are the pioneers of the European spirit.
Students are the players who score the points.
Students are the primary customers.
Students are the primary focus of our department.
Students are the primary reason for existence of school.
Students are the primary stakeholders, but the university is a stakeholder, too.
Students are the principal carriers.
Students are the producers, directors, stars and camera crew for the programs.
Students are the producers, staff, crew, and the majority of the cast.
Students are the product of the business of education.
Students are the raison d'etre of any university.
Students are the reason why faculty and administrators work for the institution.
Students are the reasons all are here.
Students are the receivers of information, and the teacher is the dispenser.
Students are the receivers.
Students are the reporters, the writers, the business personnel, the designers and much more.
Students are the same all the world over.
Students are the same in learning and understanding of mathematics.
Students are the same in that they have the ability to learn.
Students are the same the world around.
Students are the same way.
Students are the school's messengers when they take school newsletters and notices home.
Students are the sole owners of all the films they make during the workshop.
Students are the source, strength and raison d'etre of radical activist scholarship.
Students are the supervised directors of a collegium musicum.
Students are the team members and the lecturer is the facilitator.
Students are the ultimate beneficiaries.
Students are the ultimate consumers of our educational programs, including student support services.
Students are the ultimate knowledge workers, since learning is all about acquiring knowledge.
Students are the ultimate losers.
Students are their own best advocates.
Students are then able to access the readings from any computer capable of accessing the network.
Students are then able to directly apply what they have learned in the labs.
Students are then able to enter the regular classrooms as their language skills develop.
Students are then able to grasp concepts more easily.
Students are then able to make informed decisions.
Students are then able to produce classroom materials in their own dialect.
Students are then able to search among a variety of solutions to one assignment.
Students are then able to their understanding of the material by taking a test over the subject.
Students are then better able to relate to the trials and triumphs of people in history.
Students are then better prepared to produce written work utilizing word processing.
Students are then comfortable and socially involved with brothers.
Students are then eligible to enter the next level of nursing study in the Nursing course.
Students are then enable to work towards increased clarity of tone and variety of pitch.
Students are then free to choose equipment that meets their individual needs and budget.
Students are then free to choose the remaining courses needed to fulfill the degree requirements.
Students are then free to register for classes.
Students are then in a position to choose and carry out their doctoral research most effectively.
Students are then more like scientists.
Students are then prepared to move from facts to logic and reasoning.
Students are then prepared to register.
Students are then prepared to try their wings as they nurture learning in children of the future.
Students are then prepared to work independently on the program.
Students are then recommended contacts within the community to support their goals and interests.
Students are then reluctant to deal with anything else.
Students are then responsible for contacting others in their building to coordinate the move.
Students are then responsible for locating and interviewing for their jobs.
Students are then responsible for maintaining and monitoring the growth of the seed.
Students are then responsible for registering through admissions.
Students are then responsible for submitting subsequent papers to their portfolios.
Students are then responsible to gather their own equipment and food for the two week trip.
Students are then responsible to schedule interviews with the three agencies.
Students are then to assign the two colors either as positive or negative.
Students are then to be moved into mainstream classes.
Students are then to move into mainstream classes.
Students are then to place a term in each box.
Students are then to remain in the locker room or physical education hallway until the bell rings.
Students are then to remove all customer identifying information from each piece.
Students are there because they want to be, and they often remain well into the night.
Students are there to explore, to inquire, to ask questions, to experiment, to negotiate knowledge.
Students are there to learn new skills.
Students are therefore able to live and learn more comfortably and openly.
Students are therefore eligible for all social advantages relating to their student status.
Students are therefore responsible for conducting themselves in an academically honest manner.
Students are thirsty for diversity and want to have conversations about it.
Students are three-dimensional individuals.
Students are thus able to create, perform and respond to the arts.
Students are thus able to grow and achieve their dreams within a caring, artistic environment.
Students are thus better able to understand the thoughts and lives of the people of another country.
Students are thus free to read their Bibles, recite the rosary, or pray before meals or math tests.
Students are thus free to trade analog vs. digital designs etc.
Students are thus prepared for their role as informed citizens in a complex, global society.
Students are tired of being in school and, around spring break, start the countdown to graduation.
Students are to abide by the generally excepted rules of network etiquette.
Students are to abide by the Student Athlete Code of Conduct of Plymouth.
Students are to access Internet only with direct teacher supervision.
Students are to access only appropriate information.
Students are to access the web page for readings prior to each class.
Students are to act appropriately during extracurricular activities.
Students are to act in a professional demeanor at all times.
Students are to act in a professional manner at all times.
Students are to act in a respectful manner at all times.
Students are to add one sentence after the sentence that they are given.
Students are to adhere to the standards of behavior described in the Student Handbook.
Students are to also give a brief summary of each of the events.
Students are to also meet three times with the professor coordinating the directed readings.
Students are to also participate through preparation for class discussions and activities.
Students are to analyze the case using course work from text, lecture and readings.
Students are to answer all of the questions in the text following the assignment.
Students are to answer any two of the following three questions.
Students are to answer both of the following essay questions.
Students are to answer the questions on the questionnaire and complete the graphing exercises.
Students are to apply for grants annually.
Students are to arrange conference times as indicated on papers.
Students are to arrange travel plans around the final exam period.
Students are to arrive at the lab well prepared to do the experiment.
Students are to arrive on time and fulfill expectations for all on-site experiences.
Students are to arrive on time each day and be ready to begin school at the required time.
Students are to arrive on time for exams.
Students are to arrive the day the class begins.
Students are to assemble a portfolio of their assignments.
Students are to assume personal responsibility for taking any medications.
Students are to assume the responsibility of coming to the office and requesting the medication.
Students are to attach the stamps to the corresponding page in their stamp booklet.
Students are to attend all class meetings, including the language laboratory sessions.
Students are to attend all class sessions.
Students are to attend all classroom sessions.
Students are to attend all presentations except in the case of an extreme emergency.
Students are to attend and participate in all classes and practicum experiences.
Students are to attend and participate in all classes, and practicum experiences.
Students are to attend class prepared to discuss readings and activities.
Students are to attend class regularly.
Students are to attend entire class period.
Students are to attend entire class periods .
Students are to attend entire class periods.
Students are to attend lab the first week.
Students are to attend only the section for which they are registered.
Students are to attend school in their appropriate uniforms at all times.
Students are to attend the entire clinical period.
Students are to attend the lab the first week.
Students are to attend the subject study hall until progress reports, when grades are reassessed.
Students are to attend two field trips, to be arranged, on weekends during the semester.
Students are to avoid ice, mud puddles, and other wet areas.
Students are to avoid tardiness on examination days.
Students are to avoid using profanity and other inappropriate language.
Students are to avoid using profanity or other inappropriate language.
Students are to be able to conclude from the experiment that emulsions and solutions are different.
Students are to be able to write paragraphs succintly yet descriptively.
Students are to be accountable for their actions while riding school buses.
Students are to be alert and awake during class time.
Students are to be appropriately dressed in the laboratory at all times, even during check-out.
Students are to be assessed throughout the school year.
Students are to be assigned paralegal tasks during their chosen program.
Students are to be assigned to see patients under the direct supervision of faculty preceptors.
Students are to be at rehearsal on time, preferably early.
Students are to be at school only during school hours.
Students are to be at the bus stop five minutes prior to bus arrival.
Students are to be attentive audience members and considerate speakers.
Students are to be called upon frequently for discussion of the cases and the articles.
Students are to be commended for keeping a good attitude and trying again.
Students are to be commended on their achievements and the faculty on their teaching efforts.
Students are to be compensated at an hourly rate for all hours actually worked.
Students are to be compensated for all hours actually worked.
Students are to be considerate of one another.
Students are to be courteous and obedient to their caregivers.
Students are to be courteous to our lunchroom personnel.
Students are to be creative in their delivery and book selection.
Students are to be discouraged from riding skateboards to and from school.
Students are to be dressed appropriately when in the lobby areas of the residence halls.
Students are to be dropped off and picked up in the upper rear parking lot.
Students are to be educated to think and act on the basis of personal reflection.
Students are to be encourages to insert appropriate clip art or drawings.
Students are to be evaluated by the faculty production coordinator.
Students are to be Evangelical believers willing to share their faith.
Students are to be excused only at the end of each test period.
Students are to be exempted in accordance with the state guidelines.
Students are to be gender neutral in their writing, except where gender is a clearly relevant issue.
Students are to be given help or privileges that increase their learning capabilities.
Students are to be given one cup of drink and three cookies each.
Students are to be given three opportunities to pass the examination.
Students are to be given time and treated with respectful concern.
Students are to be guided by their own maturity and responsibility.
Students are to be held responsible for any delay in submitting the required documents.
Students are to be honest in taking tests and self-discipline themselves in such situations.
Students are to be in attendance at all class meeting.
Students are to be in attendance at school and on time, unless excused.
Students are to be in class by the time the last bell rings.
Students are to be in class on time with the materials necessary for work.
Students are to be in the classroom only when supervised by the classroom teacher.
Students are to be in their assigned seats with necessary materials when the bell rings.
Students are to be in their seats and ready to begin class at the scheduled time.
Students are to be in their seats and ready to work when the bell sounds.
Students are to be in their seats and ready to work when the tardy bell rings.
Students are to be in their seats at the beginning of class.
Students are to be in their seats before the bell rings.
Students are to be in their seats promptly at the second bell.
Students are to be in their seats ready to work at the time class is scheduled to begin.
Students examine basic concepts of litigation with reference to both civil and criminal trials.
Students examine basic management principles and paralegal's functioning within a law office.
Students examine basic principles, processes and methods of personal and group health interventions.
Students examine basic types of plans and how they effect the organization.
Students examine beliefs, practices, and disputes about sexual difference.
Students examine biological mechanisms of change.
Students examine bird populations within the refuge through using both ground and air photography.
Students examine both ancient and modern civilization with an emphasis on economics and geography.
Students examine both dominant and subordinate groups.
Students examine both educational theory and practice within a broadly conceptualized curriculum.
Students examine both messages and media to identify the strengths and limitations of each.
Students examine both the expressive qualities of type as well as the readability of type.
Students examine both the history and the contemporary significance of our nation s covenant.
Students examine both the history and the emerging future of communication technologies.
Students examine both the theory and practice of public relations.
Students examine business in the United States as a social institution.
Students examine business in the United States as a social instution.
Students examine carbon molecules and organic compounds.
Students examine career opportunities, certification, licensing, and professional organizations.
Students examine case studies of current environmental problems and propose methods of remediation.
Students examine case studies, and conduct an audit in a local business or government organization.
Students examine cases.
Students examine changes in nature and in society.
Students examine chemistry from an experimental viewpoint.
Students examine classic and experimental essays for technique and content.
Students examine classical history, science, philosophy, literature, and fine arts.
Students examine clinical issues facing children and adolescents in treatment planning.
Students examine closely original letters from the nineteenth century with the archivist.
Students examine combinations of nursing leadership strategies to meet quality and cost outcomes.
Students examine communicative behaviors through case study and field observation.
Students examine competency in the workplace.
Students examine complicate cases.
Students examine contemporary issues in art and art criticism.
Students examine controvercial issues and cases.
Students examine courtroom evidence photos.
Students examine critically how literary texts are written, read and interpreted.
Students examine critically recently published research and evaluate current theory.
Students examine criticism, culture, and communication from interpersonal to media interactions.
Students examine cultural differences as they influcence communication among people.
Students examine current and significant issues in human resources management.
Students examine current and significant issues in telecommunications management.
Students examine current developments and contemporary thought in marketing.
Students examine current literature and classical writing on both leadership and ethics.
Students examine current literature and partake in active discussions.
Students examine current topics in the area of law, regulatory controls, and ethical studies.
Students examine current topics in the areas of law, regulatory controls and ethical issues.
Students examine current topics in the areas of law, regulatory controls, and ethical issues.
Students examine curriculum models and teaching techniques.
Students examine data showing solar radiation input over the course of one or more years.
Students examine developmental theories from birth through adulthood.
Students examine different small businesses and meet successful entrepreneurs.
Students examine different variables and record data to test general hypotheses.
Students examine digital photographs recorded at the same time and place each week.
Students examine each apple for bruising, insect damage, and other flaws.
Students examine each rule using their criteria.
Students examine each topic within the realm of relevant state and federal law.
Students examine ecological problems and opportunities.
Students examine educational software to support the instructional process.
Students examine eight models of discipline as well as developing their own management plan.
Students examine ethical standards for the profession of psychology.
Students examine examples and wrestle with the practical implications of each.
Students examine existing and new functional systems for their ability to meet company strategy.
Students examine facts.
Students examine family concepts and dynamics during the childbearing and childrearing years.
Students examine food labels.
Students examine force including friction.
Students examine foremost theories and current research in the area of cognitive development.
Students examine France's past in order to explain the origins of the French nation.
Students examine fundamental dynamics of psychological development throughout the human life cycle.
Students examine fundamental rights guaranteed in the Bill of Rights.
Students examine geoscience data in order to understand processes and events in Earth's history.
Students examine government, geography, culture, education, social systems and their interaction.
Students examine grains as a significant and important part of a healthy diet.
Students examine group behavior and how group functioning affects organizational effectiveness.
Students examine guiding relationships and apply principles and skills to complex situations.
Students examine historical artifacts to discover clues to the past.
Students examine how art works reflect the society and the times.
Students examine how artists have chronicled, commented upon, and criticized their societies.
Students examine how biblical and theological truth inform ministry practice.
Students examine how communities evolve, flourish, and decline.
Students examine how computers affect communication both locally and globally.
Students examine how consumer decisions affect society.
Students examine how different cultural groups have related to their watershed through time.
Students examine how living organisms depend on each other and on their environment.
Students examine how markets operate and how they fail.
Students examine how media designed for adults affects children.
Students examine how scientists use remote sensing to study plant life in the ocean.
Students examine how slight changes in a transaction can materially alter the tax consequences.
Students examine how societal, cultural, and professional values impact interpersonal relationships.
Students examine how stereotyping occurs and learn to identify it in stories and fairy tales.
Students examine how systems of production, ownership, and religion help mold notions of personhood.
Students examine how the environment plays a key role in survival.
Students examine how violence is perpetrated through words, pictures, physical harm, and silences.
Students examine image enhancing techniques and produce visual solutions of their findings.
Students examine immigration, naturalization, voter rights and governmental functions.
Students examine important current events and study the science and technology behind the stories.
Students examine in detail the life cycle of a plant.
Students examine individual and group processes as they function in organizational settings.
Students examine individual experience and behavior in relation to social stimulus situations.
Students examine individual levels of skill, attitude and motivation needed to succeed in college.
Students examine issues across the life span.
Students examine issues of leadership and policy in both formal and informal settings.
Students examine issues related to hazardous waste and site cleanup.
Students examine jars containing items representing the needs of living things.
Students examine knowledge and research as they pertain to leadership and organizational studies.
Students examine leadership practice through selected application assignments.
Students examine learning theories and the role of learning in the development of behavior.
Students examine literature stories according to themes such as humility, temperance, and beauty.
Students examine mainly British and American literature in a variety of literary genres.
Students examine major curriculum trends and assessment in the secondary school.
Students examine management from behavioural, functional, situational and systems perspectives.
Students examine marketing concepts in relation to key constituencies of their companies.
Students examine masterpieces from literature, art, and music, bringing the content areas to life.
Students examine mechanisms promoting conflict resolution and cooperation in a global context.
Students examine medieval lyrics, narratives, and romances, with emphasis on the work of Chaucer.
Students examine minerals, rocks, and fossils in their natural settings.
Students examine models of inclusion through texts, videos, and site visits.
Students examine movies both as the shapers and the products of culture and society.
Students examine network protocols and wide and local-area networks in detail.
Students examine new concepts through in-class activities, working in groups and individually.
Students examine nursing issues which affect clients and health care systems.
Students examine nutrition from a preventive, maintenance and therapeutic perspective.
Students examine one or a few specific areas in personality and social psychology.
Students examine organism habitat and niche with respect to biogeographical location.
Students examine orthopedic human anatomy and function extensively.
Students examine patterns in population characteristics to identify correlations.
Students examine personal interests and aptitudes as well as various career clusters.
Students examine persuasive speech as it is used in modern life.
Students examine philosophical, political, religious, ethical, and social influences in literature.
Students examine physical, mental, and social development from a life-span perspective.
Students examine pictures of flowers.
Students examine pictures.
Students examine planned educational change viewed through curriculum decision-making.
Students examine policy implementation at the federal, state, or local level.
Students examine population characteristics to identify correlations.
Students examine prepared slides of onion root tip under microscope.
Students examine principles and methods of various schools of counseling.
Students examine protective factors that support healthy behaviors and habits.
Students examine questions about reality, knowledge, and ethics that affect social research.
Students examine racism, sexism and heterosexism and how it effects individual and community health.
Students examine rational, intuitive, and combined models of decision making.
Students examine real data for signs of extraterrestrial intelligence.
Students examine reasons for and against fetus rights and the role of the Canadian government.
Students examine recent experimentation to identify the use of the scientific method.
Students examine replicas of projectile points and real bison hide and bones.
Students examine rocks in detail, discovering they are made up of various combinations of minerals.
Students examine scatterplot.
Students examine science fiction that portrays the alien as a purer life form than mankind.
Students examine scientific research as well as popular culture.
Students examine sedimentary rocks in the Colorado Plateau.
Students examine selected central city agencies related to law enforcement.
Students examine selected sculptors and art movements.
Students examine selected topics in corporate and partnership tax.
Students examine selected works of literature and some art and music.
Students examine sets of data and materials.
Students examine seven different training strategies for a variety of situations.
Students examine several printed color spectra of elements and discuss differences.
Students examine several printed color spectra of elements.
Students examine shorebird features, behavior, and adaptations through a variety of activities.
Students examine shrubs in combination with other plants in the mixed border.
Students examine significant Russian contributions to world cinema.
Students examine similarities and differences among the stories.
Students examine social attitudes to drug taking and theoretical approaches to addictive behaviour.
Students examine societal institutions such as churches, sects, and cults.
Students examine songbird migration, habitat needs, population threats, and conservation.
Students examine spat, oyster babies.
Students examine technology s effect on labor, family, and how people perceive their jobs.
Students examine text in great detail through Stanislavskian theory and practical workshops.
Students examine the actions, uses, limitations and side effects of drugs.
Students examine the aims and institutional forms of higher education.
Students examine the aspects of the physical environment under which life began.
Students examine the assumptions, models of behavior, and styles of explanation in each tradition.
Students examine the basic process of behavior change.
Students examine the benefits, as well as the problems, inherent in a market-oriented economy.
Students examine the biology and chemistry of wetland, bog, lake, and other communities.
Students examine the challenges of growing into young adulthood.
Students examine the challenges of marketing a company to the financial community.
Students examine the change of state, solutions, and simple chemical reactions.
Students examine the character traits personified in the heroes and heroines.
Students examine the cognitive, performative and social characteristics of religion.
Students examine the collaborative process of theatre.
Students examine the communication process through various models.
Students examine the components of a law library.
Students examine the concept of integrity in the classroom.
Students examine the concept of making changes in the corporate setting.
Students examine the consequences of welfare policies and their immediate effects on the elderly.
Students examine the contribution of the diverse cultures within American society.
Students examine the design elements of architecture and the relationship of people to space.
Students examine the development of children s language, reading, and writing.
Students examine the development of children s musical and movement abilities.
Students examine the development of math and science concepts in young children.
Students examine the development of the Russian revolutions and the Soviet regime.
Students examine the development of the United States from colonization through reconstruction.
Students examine the different ideologies for men and women as well as ethnic minorities.
Students examine the different insects found along the boardwalk trail.
Students examine the different models of children's theatre and their theoretical underpinnings.
Students examine the doctor-patient relationship and learn to utilize diverse and varied resources.
Students examine the dynamic setting and major policies of the modern business organization.
Students examine the effect of competing sensory input on memory.
Students examine the effects of alcohol and drug use on Native American cultures.
Students examine the emergence of the United States as a world power in the twentieth century.
Students examine the environmental context in which administrative and community practice occurs.
Students examine the evolution and latest developments in news media law.
Students examine the evolution of diplomacy and warfare.
Students examine the evolution of the profession of human services.
Students examine the following examples of stained glass carefully.
Students examine the functional components of a residential sprinkler system.
Students examine the fundamental principles of accounting with an emphasis on financial accounting.
Students examine the health care system's response to the growing challenges of chronic care.
Students examine the health of their local pond or stream.
Students examine the historical roots of specific problems in contemporary psychology.
Students examine the history and impact of major religious and philosophical traditions.
Students examine the history of higher education, particularly in the United States.
Students examine the history of life on Earth.
Students examine the history of management and the impact on the staff.
Students examine the history of technology and the future of optical and image capture systems.
Students examine the history, design, and execution of type and lettering for reproduction.
Students examine the history, types, methods, and principles of fire department organization.
Students examine the images, myths, and perceptions of the region in light of historic records.
Students examine the images.
Students examine the impact of culture as it relates to the counseling process.
Students examine the impact of emerging technologies and set up a business in the wired world.
Students examine the incidence and the effects of chemical dependency on various populations.
Students examine the income levels of Australian men, women and young people in our community.
Students examine the influence of technology and economics on the media.
Students examine the law of conservation of mass.
Students examine the legal framework and issues that rise from business entities.
Students examine the legal processes from investigation through the trial process.
Students examine the legislative process of the budget and budgetary implementation.
Students examine the mass media, evaluating their roles as molders and reflectors of public opinion.
Students examine the methods by which our society conveys, categorizes, and analyzes information.
Students examine the most current software used in school systems.
Students examine the motives that led to the changes in each main character.
Students examine the nature of matter.
Students examine the nature of therapeutic relationships.
Students examine the nature, composition, valuation, and classification of balance sheet items.
Students examine the nature, etiology, symptoms and management of stress.
Students examine the nature, etiology, symptoms, and management of stress.
Students examine the nuts and bolts of organizing, conducting, and reporting on focus groups.
Students examine the origins of culture and the interaction of biological and cultural evolution.
Students examine the patterns in a flower design made of triangles surrounding a square.
Students examine the period of westward expansion and the twentieth century.
Students examine the person as a leader, the use of power, and the necessity of politics.
Students examine the physics behind a p-n junction, nonlinear devices, and the transistor.
Students examine the power of such systems to frame and define the terms of public discourse.
Students examine the practical artistry of democratic progressive education.
Students examine the prevention, recognition, mechanisms, and treatment of common athletic injuries.
Students examine the problem solving model of practice in relation to it's theoretical base.
Students examine the process of making a music CD from the perspective of the album producer.
Students examine the profession of management as it relates to broadcast news operation.
Students examine the profound impact XML is having on client-side site development.
Students examine the psychology, anthropology, sociology, and history of religion.
Students examine the psychosocial, biological and cultural aspects of aging.
Students examine the psychosocial, biological, and cultural aspects of aging.
Students examine the relationship between concept, materials and process.
Students examine the relationship between concept, materials, and process.
Students examine the relationship between forms of art and forms of thought.
Students examine the relationships between graphs and verbal descriptions.
Students examine the relationships between the arts.
Students examine the research literature of various disciplines that impact technical writing.
Students examine the resources for readability, currency, usefulness, and bias.
Students examine the results of UV experiments conducted.
Students examine the rich variety of literature published for young people.
Students examine the rights and responsibilities of consumers and businesses.
Students examine the role international law plays in today's dynamic world.
Students examine the role of leadership within society.
Students examine the role of the school library media specialist in the information process.
Students examine the role of the skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems in human movement.
Students examine the role rhythm plays in poetry.
Students examine the role that they as individuals can play in providing for family needs and wants.
Students examine the sample and tally both numbers and kinds of invertebrates into major taxa.
Students examine the school handbook for the duties of the officer.
Students examine the social structure, group interaction, and processes of social arrangements.
Students examine the social worker's ethical role as an advocate for social justice.
Students examine the sociocultural relationship between gender and education in U.S. society.
Students examine the statutory and judicial influences upon education, both historical and current.
Students examine the structure and function of the organs involved in hearing and speech.
Students examine the structure of DNA, and simulate the translation of DNA into protein.
Students examine the theoretical and analytical issues from an economic and spatial perspective.
Students examine the transition in Poland through the lens of the social psychology.
Students examine the underlying dynamics, culture, and change in the organizational context.
Students examine the use and management of networks.
Students examine the use of media as a tool for persuasion.
Students examine the use of minerals by people.
Students examine the uses and effects of taxation.
Students examine the varied perspectives and contributions of women and minorities.
Students examine the variety of media writing and commence writing their own media messages.
Students examine the various forms and functions of the ceramic vessel.
Students examine the way fossils form by creating their own fossils in the classroom.
Students examine the ways they best learn mathematics.
Students examine the work of professional poets and fiction writers.
Students examine the work of professional poets from the perspective of apprentice to the craft.
Students examine their data to estimate the means, medians, modes, and standard deviations.
Students examine their energy habits and learn to read a meter.
Students examine their fruit for appearance, texture and odour.
Students examine their individual learning, work, and management styles.
Students examine their own assumptions, beliefs and practices.
Students examine their own attitudes and values regarding conflict.
Students examine their own experiences as writers and as writing students.
Students examine their own family stories.
Students examine their own growth and development in the context of a maturing faith life.
Students examine their own management and leadership skills through reflective exercises.
Students examine their own personal profile in communication and apply it to work in groups.
Students examine their personal management values and leadership style.
Students examine their pumpkins at their desks.
Students examine their test scores and start to determine an individual fitness plan.
Students examine their values for compatibility with the values of the profession.
Students examine theories and concepts which explain organizational behavior and productivity.
Students examine theories and intervention techniques in marriage and family counseling.
Students examine theories and issues which shape economies.
Students examine theories and research in the areas of sociomoral development of children.
Students examine theories of criminal behavior in youth and the laws that apply to that behavior.
Students examine theories.
Students examine tobacco ads.
Students examine tours offered by area operators and develop their own tours.
Students examine types.
Students examine unresolved problems of the modern world as they appear in current events.
Students examine variables affecting PCB concentration in fish found in Lake Erie.
Students examine various approaches to instrumentation.
Students examine various approaches to research and data analysis.
Students examine various aspects of optical systems and photography.
Students examine various circulation and collections control systems.
Students examine various personal financial planning problems of individuals and families.
Students examine various theories and methods that can be used to resolve organizational dilemmas.
Students examine various types of raisin bran cereal.
Students examine what appear to be the remains of a Native American house.
Students examine what happens to our garbage from curbside to the landfill.
Students examine what practitioners actually do and work to become practitioners themselves.
Students examine what practitioners actually do, and work to become practitioners themselves.
Students examine women's participation in and relationship to institutions of society.
Students examine, discuss, and research the Bill of Rights.
Students examine, evaluate, and treat animals with spontaneous disease in the hospital environment.
Students examine, evaluate, and treat animals with spontaneous diseases in the hospital environment.
Students excavate the privy and artifacts emerge.
Students exceed comprehension of literature and are compelled to true engagement.
Students exceed state standards for formal and informal technology instruction.
Students excel annually on advanced placement tests.
Students excel daily in a range of educational fields.
Students excel in a variety of endeavors upon completion of their high school careers.
Students excel in academic competitions of ah kinds.
Students excel in academic competitions of all kinds.
Students excel in academics on local, state and national levels annually.
Students excel in concert, on stage, in the classroom, and on the athletic fields.
Students excel in sports, music, art, sciences and more.
Students excel in state, regional and national judging competition.
Students excel in the classroom, yet they get involved in other activities as well.
Students excel in their academic studies, and in their extracurricular and community involvement.
Students excel on content-based tests.
Students excel on state tests.
Students excel when there is active communication among students, teachers and parents.
Students excell in academic areas as well as athletics.
Students exchange an educational toy for the toy gun that they bring to the event.
Students exchange cards and try to build the figure from the instructions.
Students exchange cards and write answers to the questions.
Students exchange copies of their drafts.
Students exchange creative writing and comments, and participate in a fact-finding challenge.
Students exchange cultural and historic information and gain language fluency.
Students exchange drafts in class and e-mail a response.
Students exchange e-mail and share ideas about classes, families, and college life.
Students exchange experiences in group session and are subject to review by instructor.
Students exchange extra copies with other students.
Students exchange ideas and information with the instructor and with each other electronically.
Students exchange ideas, ask for on-line help, and engage in conflict.
Students exchange information about their lifestyle and environment.
Students exchange money for knowledge.
Students exchange notes with explorers at the scene.
Students exchange notes with the explorers in the field.
Students exchange their findings with students in other countries.
Students exchange their writings with participating classrooms to obtain revision suggestions.
Students excitement about learning and discovery is a motivating force in the laboratory.
Students execute a butt weld and cut a piece of steel using a gas cutting torch.
Students execute a series of sculptures which are related in material or concept.
Students execute and present a faculty approves terminal project in the source.
Students execute original designs from sketch to finished garments.
Students execute their research protocols and collect data.
Students exercise and display multiple intelligences through the arts.
Students exercise control over materials and equipment.
Students exercise editorial control.
Students exercise in P.E. in the recently renovated elementary gym.
Students exercise individual initiative in the planning and execution of research problems.
Students exercise mutual respect and consideration while enjoying personal freedom.
Students exercise self-control and consideration of others at all times.
Students exercise sound judgment and function under pressure.
Students exercise their critical thinking skills and learn major programming concepts.
Students exercise their skills as critical thinkers and persuasive writers.
Students exercise to music during the entire class period.
Students exercise to music using a variety of movements designed to provide a full body workout.
Students exercise to music while doing teacher-guided dancing activities.
Students exhale first while keeping the ear on the bicep and roll to take a breath.
Students exhibit a healthy lifestyle.
Students exhibit a positive attitude toward reading and writing.
Students exhibit a sense of belonging.
Students exhibit a willingness to be accountable for their performance in class.
Students exhibit an appreciation for different cultures and mastery of basic language skills.
Students exhibit awareness of audience and purpose.
Students exhibit computational skills that are above school school expectations.
Students exhibit different talents, abilities, achievements, needs, and interests in mathematics.
Students exhibit exploratory, experimental, invention or design science projects.
Students exhibit interest.
Students exhibit punctual attendance.
Students receive instruction in literature, composition, mathematics and science.
Students receive instruction in literature, composition, mathematics, and science.
Students receive instruction in music, art, and physical education.
Students receive instruction in musical instruments such as the piano and the guitar.
Students receive instruction in physical, biological and social sciences.
Students receive instruction in several different legal specialty areas.
Students receive instruction in small and large groups, and on an individual basis.
Students receive instruction in study skills, math, computers, and personal development.
Students receive instruction in the basic curriculum which is enhanced through the arts.
Students receive instruction in the design of costumes, lighting and sets for their compositions.
Students receive instruction in the English sound system.
Students receive instruction in their area of giftedness in a variety of flexible and varied groups.
Students receive instruction in using the most current, high-tech, specialized equipment available.
Students receive instruction in using various fitness apparatus.
Students receive instruction in visual art, music, drama, and dance.
Students receive instruction on how to use equipment for their own class work and projects.
Students receive instruction on prewriting, structure, and development.
Students receive instruction on proper page layout and receive print materials on the topic.
Students receive instruction on ratio and proportion, basic operations.
Students receive instruction on responsible use issues before they are entitled to have access.
Students receive instruction on strategies in teaching and then tutor at local elementary schools.
Students receive instruction regarding monitoring and implementing legislative changes.
Students receive instruction that reflects the most current, proven practices in education.
Students receive instruction the first year on all types of light-duty vehicles.
Students receive instruction with qualified staff.
Students receive instruction, assignments and quizzes, delivered online.
Students receive instruction.
Students receive instructions for their specific living unit in the beginning of the school year.
Students receive instructions with qualified staff.
Students receive instructor manual, slide set and full transparencies.
Students receive intense cultural and language preparation before leaving on their assignments.
Students receive intense training in their concentration as well as a thorough academic education.
Students receive intensive applied training during practica and internship.
Students receive intensive classroom instruction on tax research methodology.
Students receive intensive German language instruction during the first three weeks of the program.
Students receive intensive help with weak areas.
Students receive intensive individual and group supervision of the counseling work.
Students receive intensive individual and group supervision of their counseling work.
Students receive intensive instruction in the fundamentals of business, finance, and economics.
Students receive intensive instructor led hands on training during the program.
Students receive intensive math, science, communications, and career awareness curricula.
Students receive intensive practical training in theatrical production.
Students receive intensive practice in the analysis of grammar and syntax.
Students receive intensive work experience related to their academic course work and career field.
Students receive intensive, individual one-hour lessons with their studio instructor every week.
Students receive interactive materials for home study for the six course modules.
Students receive interdisciplinary training with both a country and transregional focus.
Students receive international business experience at both the bachelors and masters levels.
Students receive international certification.
Students receive internship assignments and responsibilities at the orientation meeting.
Students receive internship credit and transcript notation.
Students receive internship credits for the projects.
Students receive intimate attention as they learn.
Students receive journals as part of the membership.
Students receive keyboard help from a music specialist.
Students receive kudos for achievements - Student awards showcase scholastic excellence.
Students receive laboratory credit for the hours worked.
Students receive laboratory training beginning with the very first week of classes.
Students receive language arts and math instruction in Spanish.
Students receive lectures and homework, and much of their laboratory work occurs out on the water.
Students receive lectures from museum scientists and guest speakers.
Students receive lessons from National Park rangers and naturalists.
Students receive letter grades and credit for completing courses, as with any college class.
Students receive letter grades and teacher and adviser comments four times a year.
Students receive letter grades beginning in third grade.
Students receive letter grades for every course in which they enroll.
Students receive library instruction each week.
Students receive lifetime job placement assistance.
Students receive lists as resources.
Students receive little or no clinical training on STDs.
Students receive lots of personal attention.
Students receive mail at the office, as well as notices of program activities.
Students receive mainly tutorial letters and study guides to supplement their prescribed material.
Students receive many hours of actual hands-on training.
Students receive materials needed to argue a hypothetical case before a panel of judges.
Students receive membership at a prorated cost.
Students receive membership cards as part of enrolment procedures.
Students receive membership recognition on their transcripts for each semester they are members.
Students receive mid-term and final evaluations related to each clinical objective.
Students receive mid-term reports between report cards, to help monitor progress.
Students receive military training before and after technical training is done.
Students receive military training one-day a week for two years.
Students receive minimum wage.
Students receive monthly awards and yearly trophies and medals.
Students receive monthly paychecks for the hours worked each month.
Students receive monthly stipends and free housing.
Students receive more individual attention and take on more independent work.
Students receive more individual attention.
Students receive more information on bridging courses during enrolment.
Students receive more information on bridging courses on Information Day and during enrolment.
Students receive more than a degree at community colleges.
Students receive most of their education in regular education classes.
Students receive much of their training from doctoral students in psychology.
Students receive music and gym classes twice a week and art once in a five-day period.
Students receive NO additional confirmation.
Students receive no credit and no grade for the registration.
Students receive no credit for auditing a course.
Students receive no credit for correspondence courses.
Students receive no credit for playing, but can receive monetary compensation.
Students receive no credits or grades in such courses.
Students receive no grade on a problem unless they write an explanation of how they solved it.
Students receive no monetary compensation when fulfilling clinical practice requirements.
Students receive no pay for shadowing experiences.
Students receive no profits in cash or produce during or after their term in residence.
Students receive no refunds after the seventh week of the term.
Students receive notice of any changes in the curriculum.
Students receive notice of dean's list recognition from the college registrar's office.
Students receive notice of meetings one week in advance.
Students receive notice of the exact time and place by separate memo.
Students receive notice of the networking schedule in their residence halls.
Students receive notices about overdue materials and unpaid fines each week in homerooms.
Students receive notification of awards once their financial aid file is complete.
Students receive notification of their eligibility in the fall of their senior year in high school.
Students receive notification through college calendars of registration dates.
Students receive numerous individual awards in both regional and state competitions.
Students receive numerous opportunity.
Students receive numerous solicitations for such services.
Students receive office referrals for more serious offenses.
Students receive official grade reports by mail two or three weeks after grades are due.
Students receive official grades for each of their courses.
Students receive one academic credit for participation in the program.
Students receive one activity point for each two chapters that they complete successfully.
Students receive one attendance credit for each event attended.
Students receive one blended mark for the whole block of courses.
Students receive one bowl of soup for dinner and a bagel for breakfast.
Students receive one complimentary tassel with their cap and gown.
Students receive one complimentary ticket.
Students receive one course credit.
Students receive one credit for each year they are in the class.
Students receive one credit for participating and being the group leader for one week's session.
Students receive one credit hour for every four hours of work.
Students receive one credit hour per semester.
Students receive one credit per work term.
Students receive one free lunch for every ten pre-paid lunches as a unit.
Students receive one full course credit after successful completion of the second semester.
Students receive one full credit for each course successfully completed in one term.
Students receive one grade for each term's course.
Students receive one grade for the entire group of courses.
Students receive one hour credit for participation in the group.
Students receive one hour credit for participation.
Students receive one hour credit per semester for participation.
Students receive one hour of academic credit for their participation.
Students receive one hour of course credit for every five hours a week of clinical work.
Students receive one hour of credit for participation.
Students receive one hour of credit for their participation.
Students receive one hour of small group instruction with frequent progress assessment.
Students receive one hour of tutoring per week for up to two courses.
Students receive one hour-long private lesson for each week that they are enrolled.
Students receive one on one and small group instruction in screenwriting.
Students receive one on one and small group instruction in screrenwriting.
Students receive one on one career counseling to begin the process of inner exploration.
Students receive one point for each message sent to the list.
Students receive one point for each question, and they can accumulate up to three points per class.
Students receive one quarter course credit per semester for membership in a performance ensemble.
Students receive one semester credit for their projects.
Students receive one to three credits depending on their level of participation in the performance.
Students receive one vote.
Students receive one year of teaching experience.
Students receive one-half unit of credit for each semester of an academic course.
Students receive ongoing feedback on professional skill development.
Students receive ongoing personal advisement.
Students receive ongoing training over the course of the semester.
Students receive on-going videotaped feedback to improve their professional skills.
Students receive only institutional credit for basic skills courses.
Students receive opportunity.
Students receive orientation sessions on the code during the first weeks of school.
Students receive parental permission to participate.
Students receive parenting education in addition to their regular classes.
Students receive partial credit for partially correct answers.
Students receive participation points for in-class writing exercises.
Students receive passing grades by merely attending classes.
Students receive patronage dividends, with no education why.
Students receive pay and all travel and living expenses are covered.
Students receive pay and travel costs for field training.
Students receive pay for some projects during the academic year.
Students receive pay for their work, but the real benefit is the on-the job experience.
Students receive pay from their employers during the internship as well as academic credit.
Students receive pay, room, and board while attending camp.
Students receive pay, travel allowance, and board and room while attending the camp.
Students receive pay, travel allowance, and room and board while attending the camp.
Students receive paychecks every two weeks for actual hours worked.
Students receive paychecks every two weeks for hours worked.
Students receive paychecks for work performed.
Students receive paychecks once per month for actual earnings.
Students receive payment by check once a month for the hours worked, verified and submitted.
Students receive payment for their work by their respective internship companies.
Students receive pencils and other incentives for positive behavior during the school year.
Students receive performance training from professionals in acting, voice, movement and mime.
Students receive permission to register from Honors.
Students receive personal attention and are assisted with the admission process.
Students receive personal attention and have easy access to professors and advisers.
Students receive personal attention and study in small class settings.
Students receive personal attention and writing assistance from start to finish .
Students receive personal attention from instructors both in and out of formal classes.
Students receive personal attention from well-qualified instructors.
Students receive personal attention in a challenging setting within the department.
Students receive personal attention on all their materials and assignments.
Students receive personal attention throughout the program from a team of experienced instructors.
Students receive personal attention.
Students receive personal instruction from a qualified instructor.
Students receive personal invitations to the after school academy classes.
Students receive personalized attention from faculty.
Students receive personalized attention from instructors.
Students receive personalized instruction in a friendly and relaxed classroom setting.
Students receive Ph.D. degrees and training in molecular and cellular biology.
Students receive physical education, art, music, and computer education.
Students receive placement assessment, individual advising and registration for semester courses.
Students receive placement assessment, individual advising, and registration for semester courses.
Students receive Planning papers for recording their work.
Students receive points based on how well they did on the test.
Students receive points based on the number of credits taken.
Students receive points for attendance that figure into the final course grade.
Students receive points for each class period they attend.
Students receive points for each positive behavior or interaction.
Students receive points for how well their partners' lists of events match the teacher's.
Students receive points for participating in class.
Students receive points for passing each quiz based on the length and difficulty of the book.
Students receive points for posting questions and answers.
Students receive points for reading selected books and passing computerized tests on what they read.
Students receive points for reading the book.
Students receive points for the books and test.
Students receive points throughout the day.
Students receive practical experience assessing physical fitness.
Students receive practical experience in collecting and interpreting folklore.
Students receive practical experience on modern computers and office equipment.
Students receive practical experiences in diagnosis and remediation of reading disabilities.
Students receive practical guidance in the creation of public relations messages and products.
Students receive practical training and experience in a variety of work settings.
Students receive practical training by the construction of a residential home each school year.
Students receive practical training, and internships are available to complement coursework.
Students receive practice experience in fields other than poverty law.
Students receive practice in administration, scoring, and interpretation of tests.
Students receive practice in writing various types of news stories.
Students receive preparation for advanced career positions in laboratory animal science.
Students receive preparation in a subject area beyond the minimum required for certification.
Students receive print product via mail.
Students receive printed course packets, and mail in their assignments.
Students receive printouts to study.
Students receive private lessons and seminar studies from the distinguished CSUS faculty.
Students receive private weekly lessons from the distinguished CSUS faculty.
Students receive private, individual lessons from native English-speaking teachers.
Students receive privileges through payment of quarterly registration fees.
Students receive prizes and have their artwork on public display.
Students receive proceeds from the Livestock Sale.
Students receive production theory and actual laboratory participation in program production.
Students receive professional academic instruction in a loving and caring environment.
Students receive professional training in an actual employment setting.
Students receive professional training in stage craft and building sets, scenery, and props.
Students receive professionally prepared training workbooks and maintenance manuals.
Students receive progress reports, and conferences are scheduled twice a year.
Students receive projects that are manageble but that also stretch their capabilities.
Students receive psychiatric and education services at the program.
Students receive quality daily physical education programs and participate in intramural sports.
Students receive quick feedback.
Students receive quiz results electronically.
Students receive randomly-assigned numbers, grouped by class year.
Students receive reading assignments before the class begins.
Students receive reading help from different mentors three or four times a week.
Students receive real world training and develop critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Students receive real-life prices from the major exchanges.
Students receive reasonable personal attention particularly after declaring a major.
Students receive recognition for exhibiting appropriate behaviors.
Students receive recognition for program participation in various ways.
Students receive recognition for the highest level course completed.
Students receive recognition for their successes in several ways.
Students receive recommendations from all the agencies and programs they work with.
Students receive reference and training documentation as part of the training fee.
Students receive registration materials upon admission.
Students receive regular college credit for distance learning classes.
Students receive regular feedback about their progress and are given helpful guidance along the way.
Students receive regular feedback on assignments.
Students receive regular feedback on written assignments via e-mail.
Students receive regular high school credits for all classes taken.
Students receive regular instruction in music appreciation and singing.
Students receive regular instruction in music, studio art, technology, and physical education.
Students receive regular letter grades for each semester completed.
Students receive regular recognition in their classrooms and in school-wide award assemblies.
Students receive regular updates on upcoming campus events and opportunities.
Students receive reinforcement of current skills, but the emphasis is on enrichment activities.
Students receive remuneration for work terms.
Students receive report card grades based on attendance.
Students receive report cards at the end of each nine-week period.
Students receive report cards at the end of each six-week period.
Students receive reports at midterm during the registration advising period.
Students receive requested assistance and have time to work on their homework.
Students receive research guidance and supervision from faculty advisors and graduate committees.
Students receive rewards for controlling themselves.
Students receive right education for themselves.
Students receive rigorous training in bookkeeping, accounting and related business subjects.
Students receive room and board, research expenses, and a stipend.
Students receive salaries and academic credit for their co-op experiences.
Students receive salary during training.
Students receive sample papers that demonstrate appropriate writing for particular courses.
Students receive scholarships for research.
Students receive school credit and pay for their work.
Students receive scores in each of four areas.
Students receive scores in each of three areas.
Students receive scores of advanced, proficient, partially proficient and unsatisfactory.
Students receive semi-monthly paychecks as they work.
Students receive separate credit for each course.
Students receive separate grades for course and clinical credits.
Students receive separate grades for each course.
Students receive sequence credit when they successfully complete both courses.
Students receive sequential instruction in all areas of art.
Students receive services each year throughout middle and high school.
Students receive several kinds of support for selecting courses.
Students receive several warnings about their overdue books before holds become effective.
Students receive significant laboratory training in their coursework.
Students receive similar knowledge but have less time to practice skills in the shop.
Students receive simulation results in the form of financial reports as shown below.
Students receive site availability.
Students receive six academic credits for participating.
Students receive six credit hours for acceptable projects.
Students receive six credits and a 'Pass' upon satisfactory completion of the course.
Students receive six credits for two studio courses.
Students receive six credits for what is known as the German Experience.
Students receive six hours credit.
Students receive six hours of instruction per day, five days per week, for eight weeks.
Students receive six semester hours of course credit.
Students receive six semester hours of credit.
Students receive six tickets in the primary distribution.
Students receive six units of credit for the seminar.
Students receive skills to facilitate entry into the world of work.
Students receive small group and individual instruction.
Students receive small group instruction each week during the course of the regular school day.
Students receive small group instruction from qualified instructors.
Students receive small group instruction in in-class or pullout models.
Students receive small group tutoring one hour after school twice a week.
Students receive snacks as appropriate during the one-half day sessions.
Students receive software for use in preparing for natural resource negotiations.
Students receive solid grounding in the traditional foundation areas of mathematics.
Students receive some assistance in obtaining part-time jobs and internships while in school.
Students receive some extensive commentary or individualized student reactions.
Students receive some initial individual sessions without charge per year.
Students receive some lessons in a small amphitheatre in an outdoor garden.
Students receive some research grants.
Students receive some tuition support and research funds.
Students receive Spanish instruction daily.
Students receive special discounts on publications purchased during their first year.
Students receive special rates on all sports tickets.
Students receive special recognition at graduation.
Students receive special rewards at the completion of their island visits.
Students receive special services in small group settings to boost their learning experiences.
Students receive special training and experience as they serve on an inner-city ministry project.
Students receive special training and work to mediate student issues.
Students receive special training.
Students receive specialized sets of materials based upon their questions.
Students receive specific information about thematic clusters from their faculty advisors.
Students receive specific instructions on the assembly of the portfolio during their first semester.
Students receive specific travel details upon acceptance to the program.
Students receive speech and language therapy to develop communication skills.
Students receive stipend support from their major advisors.
Students receive stipends at the beginning of the summer semester of the first year.
Students receive stipends during the advanced course enrollment.
Students receive stipends for each year.
Students receive stipends for room and board as well as allowances for other expenses.
Students receive stipends from the cooperating agency or institution during their internships.
Students receive stipends, and campus housing is available at a reduced rate.
Students receive stipends, and in some cases assistance with housing and travel.
Students receive stipends, room and board allowances.
Students receive stipends, travel money and assistance with housing expenses.
Students receive strong training in the arts in addition to a quality education.
Students receive structured research and writing assistance.
Students receive study materials via e-mail.
Students receive subsidized hot lunches, transportation, clothing and medical care.
Students receive substance abuse education and theatrical training.
Students receive substantial financial support for all three years.
Students receive substantial financial support for both years.
Students receive substantial individual feedback on their own writing.
Students receive substantial personal attention at the undergraduate level.
Students receive substantial reductions in membership fees.
Students receive substantial support for both years.
Students receive substantive and ongoing feedback throughout the lesson.
Students receive such information as bus schedules, banking procedures and hours, etc.
Students receive supervised clinical experience in local dental offices and clinics.
Students receive supervised experience in interviewing skills.
Students receive supervised experience in studying problems in training rehabilitation counselors.
Students receive supervised experience in teaching an introductory course in psychology.
Students receive supervised practice beginning the first day of class.
Students receive supervised, practical experiences in providing counseling services to clients.
Students receive support and encouragement to continue their education and postpone parenting.
Students receive support and instruction in English on a regular basis from the teachers.
Students receive support from a dedicated, friendly, and knowledgeable staff.
Students receive support from class members in learning from their reading.
Students receive support from trained health clerks and a county psychologist.
Students receive support in areas appropriate to their needs.
Students receive support through individual tutorials, group seminars and studio classes.
Students receive supports needed to focus on their educational goals.
Students receive swimming lessons at the nearby indoor heated pool each year.
Students receive take-home tapes of their swing with written game plans.
Students receive ten bids, two each of five priorities.
Students receive ten points for each videotape they attend.
Students receive tennis instruction during physical education classes.
Students receive test results by mail.
Students receive text discount.
Students receive texts and workbooks via mail.
Students receive text-specific, personalized guidance for up to three hours a day.
Students receive the award for a maximum of three consecutive years.
Students receive the benefits listed under Regular membership.
Students receive the benefits of every grant dollar that is awarded.
Most students feel pressure.
Most students feel pretty much the same way, with a few exceptions.
Most students feel responsibility.
Most students feel some level of anxiety and most can bring it down to a manageable level.
Most students feel success.
Most students feel that getting letters of recommendation is easy.
Most students feel that the mall is a good addition.
Most students feel that they are consumers.
Most students feel that way before attending college, especially when faced with so many choices.
Most students feel the greatest time pressure on the verbal sub-test.
Most students feel the least time pressure on the biological sciences sub-test.
Most students feel the same way.
Most students feel themselves improving almost by the minute.
Most students feel they are 'safe' both on campus and in the local community.
Most students figure they can afford twenty or so dollars a month.
Most students file an appeal and can get the penalty reduced to one year or none at all.
Most students finalize their philosophy of life and their lifestyle while they are in college.
Most students finance some portion of their expenses through part-time employment.
Most students finance their education with federal and private loans.
Most students finance their medical education with loans.
Most students finance themselves by vacation work.
Most students find a calculator useful.
Most students find a car is necessary.
Most students find a car to be an unnecessary hassle in Boston.
Most students find a computer at home to be very helpful.
Most students find a good fit with their roommate as long as they communicate openly.
Most students find a mentor through work or professional connections in their local area.
Most students find a minor can be accommodated within their regular program.
Most students find a study group to be helpful.
Most students find ability.
Most students find an adviser at the beginning of the second semester.
Most students find an interesting internship.
Most students find analyzing and solving problems to be the best way to practice physics.
Most students find answers.
Most students find articles.
Most students find careers.
Most students find comfortable living accommodations in the many apartments near the campus.
Most students find details.
Most students find employment in government or at private companies related to education.
Most students find essay exams to be more difficult.
Most students find friends among cultures both similar and divergent from their own.
Most students find friends from cultures both similar to and divergent from their own.
Most students find housing in the local community.
Most students find information.
Most students find it a demanding course.
Most students find it difficult to write even in their mother tongue.
Most students find it easiest to compose and save their assignments on a word processor.
Most students find it easiest to swap books locally.
Most students find it especially helpful to review math concepts before taking the test.
Most students find it essential to follow the course content.
Most students find it extremely easy to remember the stories and vocabulary.
Most students find it extremely useful in honing their interview skills.
Most students find it helpful to discuss problems with more than one proctor.
Most students find it helpful to form study groups.
Most students find it impossible to recover if they fall behind.
Most students find it informative and full of useful material.
Most students find it invaluable to have a home computer.
Most students find it more convenient to have an account in one of the local banks.
Most students find it necessary to borrow money at some point during their college education.
Most students find it necessary to borrow money to help finance their legal education.
Most students find it necessary to work at least some of the time during their graduate education.
Most students find it possible to combine a certificate program with their degree program.
Most students find it to be a very convenient and meaningful way to learn.
Most students find it useful to study with a few friends.
Most students find it very difficult to manage their finances.
Most students find jobs in food preparation.
Most students find Lessons Four and Six the most conceptually challenging.
Most students find materials.
Most students find mathematics texts difficult to read.
Most students find notes.
Most students find on-campus employment best accommodates their class schedule.
Most students find one point they closely identify with.
Most students find only a narrow range of activity affected by their particular disability.
Most students find participation in research fun as well as informative.
Most students find procedures.
Most students find resources.
Most students find rooms or apartments in private dwellings.
Most students find solutions.
Most students find strategies.
Most students find study abroad one of their most rewarding experiences.
Most students find success.
Most students find successful careers.
Most students find such materials.
Most students find suitable housing within a short distance to the campus.
Most students find support within a few months.
Most students find text books more interesting.
Most students find textbook chemistry to be abstract, boring, and meaningless.
Most students find that a busy social life interferes with their studies.
Most students find that a group of two is optimal.
Most students find that a typing course is useful.
Most students find that discussing notes, problems, etc.
Most students find that free flying is fairly easy, and they learn that part quickly.
Most students find that it is easiest to use an independent paragraph.
Most students find that online courses are as difficult as on-campus courses.
Most students find that online courses require a high level of personal organization.
Most students find that over the course of the year they have made close friends.
Most students find that reading philosophy takes much more time than reading other subjects.
Most students find that residence hall friendships last throughout college-and usually a lot longer.
Most students find that Telecourses are as difficult as on-campus courses.
Most students find that their academics benefit from the structure provided by the team.
Most students find that they learn best when they complete one or two lessons a week.
Most students find that they quickly adjust to life in Leeds and make new friends.
Most students find that they understand lecture material better after having experience in the lab.
Most students find that transferring extends their initial date of graduation by one or more terms.
Most students find the big difference to be independence.
Most students find the course material to be very rigorous.
Most students find the coursework challenging yet useful.
Most students find the experience rewarding, both personally and financially.
Most students find the first three chapters of the text much easier than the remaining chapters.
Most students find the first two years to be demanding but rewarding.
Most students find the idea of visiting professors outside of class terrifying.
Most students find the Internet a true blessing when they have to write research papers.
Most students find the internship the most valuable part of the journalism program.
Most students find the junior year optimal for study abroad.
Most students find the living quarters basic but adequate.
Most students find the meals to be excellent.
Most students find the practice quizzes extremely helpful as a study guide.
Most students find the program demands a great deal of time and effort.
Most students find the prom a lot more fun if they go in a group.
Most students find the steady progression through the various exercises rewarding and motivating.
Most students find the study of law to be a rigorous, demanding and arduous academic enterprise.
Most students find their jobs after graduation.
Most students find their lost checks before new ones are issued.
Most students find their mates.
Most students find their work on the project a particularly enjoyable part of a course.
Most students find themselves spending every spare second studying and practicing.
Most students find they can complete the assignment in an hour and a half to two hours.
Most students find they can go through the texts with a minimum of difficulty.
Most students find they have to cut back on social life and community obligations.
Most students find work as editors soon after having completed the class.
Most students find writing about beauty difficult.
Most students find writing easier with a computer.
Most students finish a lesson within three to four hours, on average.
Most students finish a page each day.
Most students finish in less time.
Most students finish in their fifth or their sixth year.
Most students finish requirements for the Ph.D. in four to six years.
Most students finish their certification course work in two semester and two summer sessions.
Most students finish within three years.
Most students first immerse themselves in examples.
Most students first study Psychology in their second year, taking part IB of a tripos.
Most students fit standard language-learning patterns.
Most students fly into Montreal and either fly or catch a train to Quebec City.
Most students fly solo in the mountains in less than one week or in two weekends of time.
Most students fly solo in the mountains in one week or less.
Most students fly their own aircraft, though a fair number fly rented aircraft.
Most students fly to a European airport then take the train to Oldenburg.
Most students focus on applied science and analytical techniques.
Most students focus on concepts.
Most students focus on details.
Most students focus on the second role and ignore the first.
Most students focus on their final projects, which are left up to their discretion.
Most students focus their work on either elementary or secondary school leadership.
Most students follow a three-year plan.
Most students follow examples.
Most students follow norms of mutual respect and courtesy in the classroom.
Most students follow the course sequences below.
Most students follow the following four or five year plan to complete their Ph.D. in economics.
Most students follow the format suggested in the sample document very closely.
Most students form conclusions.
Most students form informal study groups for tests and preliminary exams.
Most students form own conclusions.
Most students form small study groups to review course material and prepare for the comps.
Most students form small study groups to review material and prepare for comps.
Most students fulfill the clock-hour requirement in their graduate assistantships.
Most students fulfill the writing requirement in the first year.
Most students gain a degree of confidence as they proceed through a speech course.
Most students gain appreciation.
Most students gain employment prior to graduation.
Most students gain experience.
Most students gain insight.
Most students gain knowledge.
Most students gain perspective.
Most students gain practical experience.
Most students gain principles.
Most students gain professional experience.
Most students gain skills.
Most students gain valuable experience.
Most students gain valuable teaching experience by assisting in the teaching and grading of courses.
Most students gather information.
Most students gather knowledge.
Most students generally finance their education through savings, family resources and federal loans.
Most students generate energy.
Most students get a good exposure to everything.
Most students get a part-time job.
Most students get activities.
Most students get along well with their advisors or they change advisors.
Most students get assessments.
Most students get best values.
Most students get better at writing.
Most students get chances.
Most students get computing help from other students.
Most students get credit.
Most students get degrees.
Most students get experience.
Most students get growth.
Most students get hand experience.
Most students get information.
Most students get into habits.
Most students get into trouble when they try to reach for a particular spot to plant on a mogul.
Most students get math.
Most students get more done in shorter periods of time in the library.
Most students get over an hour and a half more sleep on weekend nights as compared to school nights.
Most students get perfect grades.
Most students get pictures.
Most students get resources.
Most students get results.
Most students get some sort of scholarship.
Most students get that equation backwards.
Most students get the Economy Taylor, the traditional and least expensive arrowhead-shaped hammer.
Most students get the school to pay for the majority of a speaker's honorarium.
Most students get their first choice.
Most students get their weather news from television.
Most students get through their course without any serious problems.
Most students get to college and immediately begin to worry about their major and future career.
Most students get to know their hosts well.
Most students get together by the end of the week at bars, socials, and private house parties.
Most students get values.
Most students give answers.
Most students give examples.
Most students give presentation.
Most students give responses.
Most students give some attention to reading.
Most students give the courses high ratings.
Most students go abroad and then line up a position.
Most students go abroad as juniors or seniors.
Most students go abroad during their sophomore or junior year.
Most students go directly into business and industrial careers.
Most students go for one semester.
Most students go for the multi-earring look or a discreet nose stud.
Most students go for the summer or for the academic year.
Most students go in, work out, shower, and leave.
Most students go on journeys.
Most students go on other programs.
Most students go on to a fourth year to complete an honours degree.
Most students go on to create their own positions or businesses within the field.
Most students go on to graduate school after completion of their bachelor's degree.
Most students go on to pursue doctoral studies.
Most students go on to quality colleges and universities.
Most students go through the admission process during their junior or early senior year.
Most students go through the program without experiencing major problems.
Most students go through the tough drill and parade exercises simply to get the extra marks.
Most students go to Alexandria, Egypt.
Most students go to brunch and go downtown or check out an athletic event.
Most students go to colleges and universities for two to four years, though some attend longer.
Most students go to industry.
Most students go to Nashville for nightlife, dining, and entertainment.
Most students go to parties to meet people and talk.
Most students go to school by train.
Most students go to schools.
Most students going part-time usually finish within three years.
Most students graduate already employed.
Most students graduate during their fifth year.
Most students graduate from high school with little knowledge of the history or importance of jazz.
Most students graduate in four years.
Most students graduate in that length of time.
Most students graduate with two or three internships, often in a variety of fields.
Most students graduating from the program can expect to work as free lance interpreters.
Most students greatly appreciate a personal approach, the 'human touch'.
Most students greet such class projects with real enthusiasm.
Most students hate grammar.
Most students hate learning new notes.
Most students have a basic science background although there are no required course prerequisites.
Most students have a desktop computer, used for interactive, self-paced learning.
Most students have a difficult time conceptualizing three dimensional objects in their mind's eye.
Most students have a high degree of interest in sports.
Most students have a history of abuse and neglect.
Most students have a laissez faire attitude and show a lack of school spirit.
Most students have a limited understanding of test-taking strategies.
Most students have a lot of demands on their time.
Most students have a natural attraction to technology because of the music and graphics.
Most students have a pretty good idea of what is considered cheating on an exam or quiz.
Most students have a private room, often with a small private bathroom.
Most students have a professional degree.
Most students have a research advisor in their second year.
Most students have a roommate for their sleeping quarters.
Most students have a similar schedule for their first year.
Most students have a sincere desire to represent their school in the best possible manner.
Most students have a study hall during one period of the day.
Most students have a tendency to move right to the first question and start writing.
Most students have a very difficult time catching up.
Most students have about an hour of homework each day.
Most students have academic backgrounds in education, the social or behavioral sciences.
Most students have access to a computer in their classroom.
Most students have access to audio-tape recorders.
Most students have access to desk-top computers and Internet.
Most students have accounts.
Most students have an academic or professional degree, or the equivalent life experience.
Most students have an automatically created account.
Most students have an idea of the type of office they'll have after graduation.
Most students have an idea of what constitutes a civil engineering failure.
Most students have an interest in sports, either as a participant, spectator, or both.
Most students have an intuitive understanding of music and rhythm.
Most students have assistantships .
Most students have at least a bachelor's degree, and many have advanced degrees.
Most students have at least a basic knowledge of the concepts needed.
Most students have at least five years of professional experience.
Most students have at least six courses.
Most students have backgrounds.
Most students have benefits.
Most students have binders available to place the materials in.
Most students have biology.
Most students have books.
Most students have busy after-school involvements.
Most students have career opportunities immediately after graduation.
Most students have characteristics.
Most students have clothing at home that they have outgrown.
Most students have community service to add to their resume.
Most students have computers at home and also an internet connection.
Most students have conflict.
Most students have coverage through their benefactors, i.e. parents, guardians, etc.
Most students have degrees in chemistry or a biological science and significant research experience.
Most students have degrees.
Most students have desire.
Most students have difficulty deciding where and what they want to study.
Most students have difficulty learning calculus because their algebra skills are weak.
Most students have difficulty understanding the necessity of cohesion in the composite.
Most students have email addresses also.
Most students have experience in the school computer lab.
Most students have experience writing research and lab reports before coming to the program.
Most students have experience.
Most students have features.
Most students have financial problems at some time during their course.
Most students have financial resources.
Most students have first degrees in mathematics, the natural sciences, or engineering.
Most students have four to five years of work experience.
Most students have four years of post-baccalaureate work experience.
Most students have fourteen one-hour lectures per week with associated classes.
Most students have frameworks.
Most students have free accounts through their universities.
Most students have full time careers and balance that commitment with family obligations.
Most students have further information.
Most students have gaps in their class schedules.
Most students have grades.
Most students have growth.
Most students have high school diplomas.
Most students have homework.
Most students have identities.
Most students have importance.
Most students have inadequate support, making it difficult to cope with such multiple demands.
Most students have increasing demands made of their extracurricular time.
Most students have information.
Most students have interest.
Most students have jobs by graduation day.
Most students have jobs.
Most students have knowledge.
Most students have limited funds available with which to meet their costs for the academic year.
Most students have limits.
Most students have little importance.
Most students have little mind to do, so it's difficult to teach such students.
Most students have little of no contact with disabled individuals.
Most students have little problem understanding the basic concepts presented in some general form.
Most students have little to show to convince a faculty member they can do a good job at research.
Most students have many activities to add to their resumes.
Most students have masters degrees and work experience.
Most students have mentors, with whom they communicate through e-mail.
Most students have misconception.
Most students have more to lose than they can afford to replace.
Most students have more to offer an employer than they think.
Most students have no idea about the publication schedule.
Most students have no idea how far away the moon is.
Most students have no idea how to even approach the Japanese language.
Most students have no idea how to even approach the language.
Most students have no idea how to find a proper thesis or conclusion for a comparison.
Most students have no idea how to write for a philosophy class.
Most students have no idea of what type of work they want to do.
Most students have no intention of cheating.
Most students have no materials at all, and teachers have only very basic textbooks.
Most students have no previous rowing experience, but are proficient rowers by the end of the class.
Most students have no prior academic experience of sociology.
Most students have no prior travel industry experience.
Most students have no problem determining the quarter they first entered college.
Most students have one or two things they do well.
Most students have only a vague idea about what a regular polyhedron is.
Most students have only about three hours per week of science education.
Most students have opportunity.
Most students have options.
Most students have or want jobs.
Most students have parents who really want the student in college.
Most students have partners.
Most students have part-time jobs to help finance their time at university.
Most students have permission.
Most students have perspective.
Most students have photographs, although the image quality varies.
Most students have positive experience.
Most students have positive learn experience.
Most students have positive, rewarding experiences.
Most students have previous experience of studying geography.
Most students have prior experience.
Most students have problems, particularly initially, with preparing and writing essays.
Most students have problems.
Most students have professors.
Most students have questions that when answered are of value to other students.
Most students have resources.
Most students have reward experience.
Most students have rooms.
Most students have senses.
Most students have several dozen clips by the end of the summer and a memorable experience.
Most students have several years of professional experience.
Most students have short breaks in the day that are perfect for reviewing flash cards.
Sufferers also have a fever and a sore throat.
Sufferers are also more likely to have high blood pressure and to die from heart attacks.
Sufferers are among the elite.
Sufferers are excessively clingy and follow their owners everywhere.
Sufferers are functional but impaired, particularly in social and interpersonal relationships.
Sufferers are likely to react to avacados and chestnuts as well.
Sufferers are notoriously self-critical and demanding.
Sufferers are often irritable and develop frequent headaches.
Sufferers are profoundly and multiply disabled and totally dependant on others for all their needs.
Sufferers are profoundly and multiply disabled.
Sufferers are scared to die, but they are reluctant to live.
Sufferers are so sweaty they often feel cool, grow goose bumps and complain of chills.
Sufferers are so sweaty they often feel cool, grow goose bunps and complain of chills.
Sufferers are the people of the two nations.
Sufferers are unable to see or embrace new ideas.
Sufferers are very concerned about weight or shape, but stay within the normal weight range.
Sufferers base their self-esteem mostly or solely on their weight, body shape, and eating behaviour.
Sufferers become confused, lose their coordination and slowly deteriorate and die.
Sufferers become overwhelmed with a sense of worthlessness.
Sufferers become paranoid and forgetful.
Sufferers binge, purge, and or excessively diet, despite severe physical symptoms.
Sufferers break out in a bluish-purple rash.
Sufferers can also get relief from non-drowsy medications on the market and allergy shots.
Sufferers can also infect others through close contact and poor personal hygiene.
Sufferers can be extremely sleepy during the day, causing problems with work and personal life.
Sufferers can be fiercely resistant to change.
Sufferers can be out of commission for days at a time, often when they can least afford to be.
Sufferers can become depressed and socially withdrawn.
Sufferers can breathe in deeply, but they have difficulty exhaling.
Sufferers can even go to cannabis cafes.
Sufferers can fall asleep during meals or even while driving a car.
Sufferers can live successful lives.
Sufferers can place much of the blame on the climate.
Sufferers can use caffeine or sleeping pills as a way of treatment.
Sufferers chew on native beetlenut root, the juice serving as a natural painkiller.
Sufferers complain about losing control of their body all of a sudden.
Sufferers complain of joint pain, decreased endurance and muscle atrophy.
Sufferers complain they have trouble sleeping and tire easily.
Sufferers consume huge quantities of food.
Sufferers describe exacerbations with cold.
Sufferers describe the levels of pain they experience.
Sufferers describe the pain as blinding, stabbing, or excruciating.
Sufferers develop hives, blisters, or bumps, often in the same area after each exposure to the sun.
Sufferers do best when they can see and accept responsibility for their own recovery.
Sufferers end up dealing with a warped relationship with their body image, their weight and food.
Sufferers exhibit symptoms of profuse disorientation, agitation, and extreme displeasure.
Sufferers experience a racing heart rate, sweating and a sense of impending doom.
Sufferers experience flashbacks and have difficulty reacting to situations and people.
Sufferers experience major mood swings, irritability, and depression as well as physical pain.
Sufferers fail to produce the neurotransmitter dopamine, which controls voluntary movement.
Sufferers fear embarrassment or humiliation in public or in social situations.
Sufferers feel a reduced sense of well-being.
Sufferers feel severely flawed and therefore fear opening their defective selves up to others.
Sufferers find increasing difficulty in moving their arms and legs.
Sufferers find it difficult to develop friendships or understand other people's feelings.
Sufferers find temporary relief by undergoing surgery to have malformations removed.
Sufferers get extremely itchy skin which they can scratch until it bleeds.
Sufferers get red, irritated patches of skin that itch, scale, and are painful.
Sufferers have a fever, sore throat, headache, vomiting, and often stiffness in the neck and back.
Sufferers have a hunchbacked appearance.
Sufferers have a problem with their lungs and pancreas.
Sufferers have a seasonal pattern and eat and sleep a lot.
Sufferers have an extreme, disabling fear of being in social situations.
Sufferers have detectable changes in certain hormones that control sleep, appetite and stress.
Sufferers have few treatment options besides drinking lots of liquids.
Sufferers have normal cardiac anatomy.
Sufferers have to wrestle with anger, depression and other mood swings.
Sufferers have trouble sleeping and are tender to touch.
Sufferers invariably know what to do when severe pain starts.
Sufferers jerk awake with unnerving grunts and gasps when oxygen in the brain dips to a low level.
Sufferers jerk their legs during sleep, which causes multiple sleep interruptions.
Sufferers know otherwise.
Sufferers lead a life on an emotional roller coaster.
Sufferers learn to choose outside seats at theaters, churches, etc., ready for the quiet escape.
Sufferers lose their flexibility and strength of grip.
Sufferers remain infectious for three weeks after the onset of coughing.
Sufferers run an increased risk of esophageal cancer, presumably because of the constant irritation.
Sufferers say the contract states that unless everyone accepts the offer no one gets paid.
Sufferers say, especially at night, their legs twitch and feel numb.
Sufferers seek numerous medical consultations with different doctors.
Sufferers sit in warm spring waters where fish nibble at affected areas.
Sufferers still encounter skepticism even years after they've become ill.
Sufferers take note.
Sufferers tend to consume normal amounts of food in public.
Sufferers tend to experience work as a burden and everyday existence as hollow.
Sufferers tend to have behavioral problems, including excessively high energy levels.
Sufferers wake themselves hundreds of times each night in an effort to get enough oxygen.
Sufferers wake up with headaches, drowsiness, memory problems and hypertension.
Sufferers wrap themselves in a fresh-killed skin and let the hot southern sun liquefy the fat.
Sufferers often are afraid to tell their trouble to others.
Sufferers often complain about spending nights pacing the room.
Sufferers often describe tension-type headaches as a band or pressure circling the head.
Sufferers often develop multiple conditions including hypertension and protein in urine.
Sufferers often develop the condition while having to cope with a difficult situation at home.
Sufferers often experience a decrease or increase in appetite resulting in weight loss or gain.
Sufferers often experience lack of trust in others, low self-esteem, and depression.
Sufferers often experience scarring.
Sufferers often fall asleep during the day even whilst working or driving.
Sufferers often feel nauseous, and some even report temporary loss of sight.
Sufferers often feel that they have no control over the situation.
Sufferers often hear voices.
Sufferers often lean towards suspecting one or other based on their own situations and experiences.
Sufferers often require rest, medication, bracing or physical therapy for relief.
Sufferers often show an imbalance in a powerful neurotransmitter called serotonin.
Sufferers often speak of feeling empty, and have very unstable relationships.
Sufferers often spend their lives going through periods of remission followed by relapse.
Sufferers often tire easily and feel light-headed.
Sufferers often tire easily.
Sufferers often turn to self-help books, hypnosis and group therapy.
Sufferers often understand sentences written down better than the spoken word.
Sufferers often wake up with headaches and pain in their jaws.
Sufferers often worry about social humiliation or embarrassment.
Sufferers sometimes lose muscle functioning while angry or excited.
Sufferers sometimes require lung transplants for survival.
Sufferers usually are able to respond physically to real emergencies for a day or so.
Sufferers usually complain of soreness or pain in the affected foot area.
Sufferers usually exhibit drooping eyelids, a blank facial expression plus weak, hesitant speech.
Sufferers usually have eye and urethral irritations, as well as tender, swollen joints.
Sufferers usually have low self-esteem and are obsessed with food.
Sufferers usually lose most of their sight very gradually over the course of three decades.
Sufferers usually mistake their uncontrollable dozing off or sleepiness as a sign of exhaustion.
All sufferers dread the nauseating pain of a migraine.
Many sufferers also are alcoholics, are depressed or abuse drugs.
Many sufferers also find it difficult to sleep.
Many sufferers are able function normally with minor deleterious effects.
Many sufferers are eligible to be registered as partially sighted or blind.
Many sufferers are embarrassed or ashamed because of their disorder.
Many sufferers are overweight and dieting.
Many sufferers are perfectionists who take on a mammoth work load.
Many sufferers are still undiagnosed.
Many sufferers can develop emotional problems because of their condition.
Many sufferers can distinguish the difference between straight wrists and bent, some within moments.
Many sufferers claim it's ruined their lives.
Many sufferers complain of pain in the hand or arm while sleeping.
Many sufferers cope by arranging their lives around their symptoms.
Many sufferers describe the pain as similar to the aches that accompany the flu.
Many sufferers develop an arthritic condition of the temporomandibular joint in the jaw.
Many sufferers feel ashamed, guilty or embarrassed because of what they are going through.
Many sufferers have a chronic disorder with repeated episodes.
Many sufferers have a 'null point' where the eye movement is reduced and vision is improved.
Many sufferers have several flare-ups every winter.
Many sufferers live to a ripe old age, battling their psoriasis every year of their lives.
Many sufferers lose their job as a result.
Many sufferers rely on sleeping pills to doze off at night.
Many sufferers report higher energy levels, clearer skin and better overall health.
Many sufferers say that pesticides and solvents caused their condition uneasy.
Many sufferers turn to alcohol or even drug abuse as another way of escaping.
Most sufferers usually find that their pain decreases when they gain increased flexibility.
Most sufferers are atopic.
Most sufferers are elderly, most such tumours are in reasonably accessible parts of the skull.
Most sufferers are male.
Most sufferers are of normal weight.
Most sufferers are physically men, and the condition has been wrongly linked to homosexuality.
Most sufferers are post-menopausal females who are either Caucasian or Asian.
Most sufferers are women and the onset is usually early in adult life.
Most sufferers are women.
Most sufferers come from middle and upper income families, and are usually highly intelligent.
Most sufferers complain of extreme fatigue.
Most sufferers continue to stand even though they are in severe distress.
Most sufferers develop an extreme aversion to fat.
Most sufferers experience one to four headaches a day during a cluster period.
Most sufferers experience one to three attacks annually.
Most sufferers find relief only through a lengthy process of trial and error.
Most sufferers find that there is a close family member with one except cluster sufferers.
Most sufferers get one to four headaches per day during a cluster period.
Most sufferers have a low self-esteem and many find it difficult to express their emotions.
Most sufferers have a 'null point' where the eye movement is reduced and vision is improved.
Most sufferers report feeling as though they have symptoms of a bacterial bladder infection.
Most sufferers report feeling better within two weeks after starting light therapy.
Most sufferers think about their appearance more than three hours a day.
Some sufferers are sleepless every night for months or years.
Some sufferers become extremely thrifty, only buying what can be justified as an absolute necessity.
Some sufferers become severely depressed or have both manic and depressive phases.
Some sufferers can actually predict oncoming storms.
Some sufferers complain of a decrease or increase in appetite nearly every day.
Some sufferers do appear to be sexually frustrated.
Some sufferers even experience alternating diarrhea and constipation.
Some sufferers experience chronic fear, a feeling of overall discomfort rather than panic.
Some sufferers experience negative symptoms such as blunted emotions, social withdrawal and apathy.
Some sufferers experience the urge to urinate constantly even after the bladder is empty.
Some sufferers find that a cool wash cloth or ice bag diminishes the pain.
Some sufferers find that certain foods, such as cereals can cause problems.
Some sufferers grind their teeth in their sleep.
Some sufferers have children whose basic needs seem endless.
Some sufferers have warnings before a migraine, such as visual disturbances.
Some sufferers just get red, itchy skin.
Some sufferers never lose their traumatic thoughts or the flashbacks.
Some sufferers obsess about perceived flaws from the moment they wake up.
Some sufferers report intrusive obsessive and repetitive thoughts which are difficult to control.
Some sufferers report leg cramps or a pulling sensation.
Some sufferers simply take pleasure from being in the presence of death.
Some sufferers sleep too much, others too little.
Some sufferers supplement their shots with nose sprays to relieve congestion.
A sufficiency is an amount
Sufficiencies are quality.
Sufficiencies are wealth.
Sufficiency has an effect on ail features of a paper.
Sufficiency has an effect on all features of a paper.
Sufficiency is Sufficient.
Sufficiency is synonymous with adequacy.
Sufficiency is when someone eats what is needed and sufficient for normal nourishment.
Sufficiency means our loves survive.
Sufficient acid gives it a lively feel, and the generous fruit rounds the wine gracefully.
Sufficient acidity gives liveliness and crispness and is critical for wines to age.
Sufficient agitation is necessary to keep the herbicide in suspension.
Sufficient air is left trapped in the tanks to prevent the seawater from reentering.
Sufficient amounts have to be offered to promote rumen development and to keep the calf growing.
Sufficient analysis including structural analysis is performed to verify safe operation.
Sufficient areas are available for construction of additional facilities when required.
Sufficient areas are available for the construction of additional terminals when and as required.
Sufficient breadth is required to oversee the full range of the group's research.
Sufficient bulk is necessary to maintain proper elimination.
Sufficient calcium intake from food, and supplements if needed, can slow the rate of bone loss.
Sufficient calcium is important, in any case, for strong bones health.
Sufficient capacity does exist within the system to handle all dry weather flows.
Sufficient capital is a major factor in the proper sequence of development stages.
Sufficient communication skills for effective dialogue with colleagues.
Sufficient condition is once the consumer's mindset is changed.
Sufficient consideration moves from the participants to defendants as operators of the scheme.
Sufficient context is provide for one to recognize the verse or to get the gist of it.
Sufficient context means submitting a full or partial tape or transcript of the offending broadcast.
Sufficient conviction can exhume the truths that even the deepest cliches bury.
Sufficient course work to permit licensure in a teaching field.
Sufficient coverage is achieved once all of the bonding surfaces exhibit a blue tint.
Sufficient creatine ensures that cells have enough energy stores when extra energy is required.
Sufficient currency is kept to meet the daily needs of each campus.
Sufficient data is now available to carry out such an evaluation.
Sufficient data is now available to examine changes in epidemiological measures through time.
Sufficient detail is documented to determine the safety impact of the concern, where possible.
Sufficient detail is given in order to understand the specific information or data presented.
Sufficient detail is given to make generalizations meaningful.
Sufficient direction is provided in a timely manner to subordinates on how to carry out programs.
Sufficient disturbance allows the peptides to rearrange into inactive configurations.
Sufficient documentation is compiled and maintained throughout the bidding process.
Sufficient documentation is incorporated correctly.
Sufficient drainage is the key.
Sufficient drip drying time prior to entering the parlor is critical.
Some sufficient energy flows through biospheres.
Sufficient enrollment is required for the degrees to be offered.
Sufficient enrollment is required in order for a course to run.
Sufficient equipment is available for maximum practice.
Sufficient equity is particularly important for a new business.
Sufficient equity is particularly important for new business.
Sufficient equity is particularly important to new businesses.
Sufficient evidence exists to support an independent identification at trial.
Sufficient evidence exists to support the district court s interpretation of the stipulation.
Sufficient evidence exists to support the jury s verdict.
Sufficient evidence exists, though, that prevention efforts can be successful.
Sufficient evidence is evidence which is legally sufficient to support a verdict.
Sufficient evidence is provided to support the ideas and opinions presented.
Sufficient evidence supports the convictions and the sentences.
Sufficient evidence supports the jury's findings on damages.
Some sufficient evidence supports effects.
Sufficient exercise stimulates the colon and aids in elimination.
Sufficient exposure can become remarkably painful.
Sufficient exposure can therefore cause a norepinephrine surge resulting in hypertension.
Sufficient fat minimizes the number of stopovers, where birds are vulnerable to predation.
Sufficient feed is provided for half a day.
Sufficient field scouting is needed to decide on the most economical control.
Sufficient flexibility exists to accommodate such a system within the existing law and regulations.
Sufficient flexibility is available to allow students to focus on an area of specific interest.
Sufficient flexibility is present in the program to accommodate all types of schedules, however.
Sufficient flexibility is required to meet a wide range of possible competitive actions.
Sufficient fluid keeps the urine diluted and decreases the risk of stone formation.
Sufficient food contains nutrients.
Most sufficient food contains nutrients.
Sufficient funds are available for obligation.
Sufficient funds are available in the account.
Sufficient funds are available to keep library holdings up to date.
Sufficient funds exist for salaries and benefits.
Sufficient funding is available to reclaim newly identified coal sites.
Sufficient funding is fundamental to the success of the media program.
Sufficient funding is necessary to build a better, stronger public education system.
Sufficient funding is vital to maintaining access to care.
Sufficient grounds is a local chain with four locations.
Sufficient hatcheries are available, although most production is of common carp.
Sufficient headroom is provided to allow space for the chicons to grow.
Sufficient heat is generated by the reaction to distill the product as it is formed.
Sufficient heat is released to ignite white phosphorus.
Sufficient help is still available through the program s help balloons.
Sufficient information is available to design plant-based bioremediation systems for many sites.
Sufficient information is available with regard to cataracts to roughly forecast increases.
Sufficient information is given to turn to the exact pages of scientific publications.
Sufficient information is included to locate the original item.
Sufficient information is needed to determine the brand, model and price of the computer.
Sufficient information is provided to allow the reader to apply the material.
Sufficient information is provided to enable a user to prepare a scientific paper.
Sufficient insulation can help limit the total household energy use.
Sufficient insulin is produced so that cells can access the glucose in the bloodstream.
Sufficient inventories are available to complete an extensive clinical development program.
Sufficient iron is obtained from other sources.
Sufficient land is available to apply the biosolids to the land.
Sufficient land is available to build an additional nine holes and plans are underway to do so.
Sufficient land is available to grow every crop every year.
Sufficient light is available then and temperatures are higher.
Sufficient light is easy to get.
Sufficient light is important for healthy growth and flower production.
Sufficient light is perhaps even more important.
Sufficient light penetrates one-eighth inch of sand to promote germination.
Sufficient lighting can help to decrease the chance of falling.
Sufficient lighting is provided at all times so the way to all exits is easily visible.
Sufficient lighting is provided in all working areas, including emergency lighting.
Sufficient lubrication is the key to preventing most breakage.
Sufficient lumen is available to feed a guide wire through the obstruction.
Sufficient material is included to justify the proposed protocol.
Sufficient material is left on the top surface for machining locating shoulders or keyways.
Sufficient memory is available on-board to support an alternate load of the operating system.
Sufficient moisture can suppress chinch bugs.
Sufficient moisture is critical during bulbing.
Sufficient moisture keeps the skin supple and flexible.
Sufficient moisture needs to be in the soil at all times in order to keep the plants growing.
Sufficient nitrogen is required for crop yields and quality.
Sufficient nitrogen is required for growth and to stimulate bacterial decomposition of thatch.
Sufficient notice is needed in order to make the accommodations possible.
Sufficient notice is required.
Sufficient nourishment is necessary from the mother.
Sufficient numbers remain to convey a sense of the historic period.
Sufficient opportunity is given for patients to be seen before the day of treatment.
Sufficient outlets are in every room.
Sufficient pallets are available throughout the year.
Sufficient parking is available on property for all overnight guests.
Sufficient parking is available upstream at less fragile locations.
Sufficient parking is available.
Sufficient parking is now an important requirement for today's new commuter rail stations.
Sufficient places are the main requirement.
Sufficient plastic is included to complete two models and to fabricate rocket nozzles.
Sufficient potassium produces high quality vegetables and tree fruits.
Sufficient practice is important.
Sufficient preparation is very important to the flow of the project.
Sufficient preparation spells the difference between a valuable and a poor interview.
Sufficient prey forages sites.
Sufficient privilege is required to change the system locate database.
Sufficient provision is made for all citizens to learn of their duty.
Sufficient punishment is administered by the tax authority. . . .
Sufficient radiation can destroy any type of cancer.
Sufficient reason is synonymous with necessity.
Sufficient receptacles are available for trash and cigarette ends.
Sufficient relaxation is crucial for working mothers.
Sufficient resources are available.
Sufficient resources exist to provide exemplary learning experiences for all students.
Sufficient rest is of the utmost importance.
Sufficient rest is one of the essential pillars in building mass.
Sufficient rest is required and cleanliness is helpful.
Sufficient rest is required.
Sufficient rest is said to cure a duodenal ulcer no matter what treatment is given.
Sufficient salt tends to soften the tannins in a young red wine.
Sufficient security is provided at each polling and counting station.
Sufficient shielding is provided so that no exposure occurs during general usage.
Sufficient space accommodates luggage for longer weekends and trips on rivers or lakes.
Sufficient space is allocated to the return value to hold the suppressed trailing zeros.
Sufficient space is left either side of the wrapper to allow easy access for lifting.
Sufficient space is provided for a concise evaluation.
Sufficient space is provided for very complex surfaces.
Sufficient space is provided to accommodate course projects.
Sufficient staff needs to be provided by the alarm company to facilitate testing.
Some sufficient sunlight reaches floors.
Some sufficient sunlight reaches forest floors.
Sufficient supplies exist around that new locomotives and kits can still be found.
Sufficient support is provided and accurate, and sources are documented.
Sufficient theatre electives to meet the minimum requirement.
Sufficient time is allocated for both formal and informal planning for instruction.
Sufficient time is allocated for teacher collaboration and ongoing planning activities for project.
Sufficient time is given for discernment.
Sufficient time is necessary for processing.
Sufficient time is needed to move heat to and into the ware.
Sufficient time is provided for the underground tour, museum, movie and gift shop.
Sufficient time is required to perform the statutory requirements of the Uniform Act .
Sufficient time needs to be provided to allow the process to develop.
Sufficient training is essential.
Sufficient training is provided for operation of cryogenic targets.
Sufficient ventilation is the nemesis of mold and mildew.
Sufficient water is absolutely essential during hot weather.
Sufficient water is also critical.
Sufficient water is available for both commercial and industrial usage.
Sufficient water is critical during blossoming and pod set.
Sufficient water is obtained from food, particularly earthworms.
Suffield soils are coarse-silty over clayey.
Suffix trees give linear search times for string, with linear time and space for construction.
Suffix trees have many other uses.
A suffix is an affix
A suffix is an ending
Suffix denotes size of frame.
Suffix is an -one ending.
Suffix is null in some forms.
Suffix rules A suffix rule consists of two concatenated file suffixes.
Suffixes allow individuals to be specified.
Suffixes are especially important in creating groups of related words.
Suffixes are letters added after a word's base to form another word.
Suffixes can also modify and extend meaning.
Suffixes Click the answer button to see the answer.
Suffixes come at the end of a word just like when the flower finally grows.
Suffixes hold a special place for journalists.
Suffixes mark tense and subject agreement on the verb.
Suffixes permit a wide variety of words to be formed from a single word.
Suffixes remain blank.
Suffixes serve a grammatical function.
Suffixes signal to the reader that there is more than one.
Suffixes work differently than prefixes.
Suffixs are affixs.
Suffixs are endings.
Sweet alyssum is a sweetly fragrant, low-growing garden annual used for edging.
Sweet alyssum is an excellent low growing plant useful for edging.
Sweet alyssum is most commonly available in white, purple and rose.
Sweet alyssum likes average to poor, well-drained soil and moderate water.
Sweet alyssums are flowers.
Sweet appetizers can look lovely with a dusting of confectioner's sugar or cocoa powder.
Sweet aromas enhance any space and create a sense of joy.
Sweet baklava is a Middle Eastern desert.
Sweet bananas vary in size and color.
Sweet basil seeds look like black seeds.
Sweet basil seeds look like seeds.
A sweet basil is a basil
Sweet basil combines well with garlic, parsley, rosemary, oregano, thyme and sage.
Sweet basil growing greener reaches up and through the grass like weeds.
Sweet basil is a fresh-looking plant with glossy leaves.
Sweet basil is a generic term for many unnamed varieties of basil.
Sweet basil is the most popular variety, it appears, among Japanese beetles as well as people.
Sweet basil is used in curry dishes and is easy to find fresh all year-round in many supermarkets.
Sweet basil is used in various ways to make food, and to flavor food.
Sweet basils are found growing wild in tropical and sub-tropical regions of the world.
Sweet basils have scent.
Sweet basils have strong scent.
Most sweet basils have scent.
Most sweet basils have strong scent.
Some sweet basils grow in factories.
A sweet bay is a magnolia
Sweet bay is a very adaptable plant.
Sweet bay is a well-known flavoring for stews and stocks.
Sweet bays are magnolias.
Sweet birch has dark grey bark.
Sweet birch has light colored sapwood and heartwood is dark brown tinged with red.
Sweet birch has light-colored sapwood and dark brown heartwood tinged with red.
Sweet birch is a birch tree
Sweet birch is birch.
Sweet birch tends to be slightly darker in color, heavier and harder than yellow birch.
Some sweet birch has density.
Sweet breads tend to brown darker.
Sweet candy drives the French people wild.
A sweet cherry is a cherry
Sweet cherries are also commercially canned and frozen.
Sweet cherries are at green tip to tight cluster, depending on the variety.
Sweet cherries are at shuck fall in Essex.
Sweet cherries are cherries.
Sweet Cherries are in full bloom in the southwest.
Sweet cherries are in late petal fall.
Sweet cherries are larger than sour cherries.
Sweet cherries are more difficult to produce than tart.
Sweet cherries are part of sweet cherries.
Sweet cherries are self-unfruitful.
Sweet cherries are susceptible to brown rot at all times.
Sweet cherries are the most popular of the edible cherries.
Sweet Cherries are very tall growers and are inclined to develop weak crotches.
Sweet cherries become firm when ripe, and sour cherries part easily from the stem.
Sweet cherries fruit chiefly on the spurs formed freely on the older wood.
Sweet cherries gives Norwegian commerce a valued export market product for the European market.
Sweet cherries grow in the mountain states where winters are less brutal.
Sweet cherries have a dark red, burgundy color.
Sweet cherries tend to crack as harvest nears if excessive rainfall occurs.
Sweet Cherries tend to form whorls of branches.
Most sweet cherries are infertile with their own pollen and often with certain other varieties also.
Some sweet cherries require at least two varieties to be productive.
A sweet chestnut is a chestnut tree
Sweet chestnut is as durable as oak and has a lower tannin content and is cheaper.
Sweet chestnut matures reddish-brown, reasonably hard for a country wood.
Sweet chestnuts are an example of other orchard commodities showing some success.
Sweet chocolate is used mostly for decorating and garnishing.
Sweet cider is a drink
Sweet cider is bottled first, then half-dry and last dry.
Sweet clover contains a high level of coumarin.
Sweet clover contains a high percentage of hard seeds that persist in the soil for many years.
Sweet clover contains substances.
Sweet clover improves tilth, and provides nitrogen.
Sweet clover is a tracheophyte
Sweet clovers are members of the legume family.
Sweet clovers are native to Europe and Asia.
Sweet clovers grow well in direct sunlight or in partial shade.
Most sweet clover contains substances.
Sweet cookies are already the primary cause of early tooth decay in children under two years of age.
Sweet coolness pervades the morning air.
Sweet corn accounts for about five per cent of total corn production in Ontario.
Sweet corn can be sensitive to new herbicides and crop tolerance needs to be evaluated.
Sweet corn can easily cross with field corn, which produces starchy-tasting corn the same season.
Sweet corn comes from the grass family.
Sweet corn continues to be harvested with still low value.
Sweet corn continues to be harvested.
Sweet corn continues to develop well with tassels now showing in earlier planted fields.
Sweet corn freezes well, especially if removed from ears before freezing.
Sweet corn grows best when planted in several short rows instead of one long row.
Sweet corn has a high respiration rate, which results in a high rate of heat evolution.
Sweet corn has a huge number of varieties as well.
Sweet corn has a very high percentage of sugar and water in the composition of the kernels.
Sweet corn has a very short storage life.
Sweet corn has fiber.
Sweet corn is a favorite homegrown vegetable.
Sweet corn is a heavy user of nitrogen, so good yields depend upon adequate levels being present.
Sweet corn is a moderate source of fiber and starch.
Sweet corn is a specialty.
Sweet corn is a warm season crop, easily killed by frost.
Sweet corn is a warm-season vegetable that can be grown easily in most gardens.
Sweet corn is an annual with yellow, white, and bi-colored ears.
Sweet corn is an easy vegetable to grow.
Sweet corn is an excellant source of dietry fibre and complex carbohydrate.
Sweet corn is available year round in the grocery store.
Sweet corn is best when eaten fresh, which is why it is best purchased directly from the farmer.
Sweet corn is corn
Sweet corn is corn.
Sweet corn is documented as only arriving in the region ca.
Sweet corn is fairly well tasseled.
Sweet corn is generally more susceptible than field corn.
Sweet corn is great with butter and a dash of salt and pepper.
Sweet corn is grown for sale as a whole vegetable and for canned or frozen corn products.
Sweet corn is grown mostly for fresh market.
Sweet corn is grown on a commercial basis to a limited extent in southwest North Dakota.
Sweet corn is harvested fresh, and typically grown near where it is consumed.
Sweet corn is in, tomatoes, fresh green beans, squash and catfish.
Sweet corn is liked by all or just some fresh cranberries on a string.
Sweet corn is more susceptible than field corn.
Sweet corn is much more susceptible than inbred seed corn or hybrid seed corn.
Sweet corn is often available for ensiling as canning factory waste, stover, and as whole plants.
Sweet corn is often more susceptible than field corn and can serve as a reservoir for the bacteria.
Sweet corn is one food that they really like and seem to know just when it is ready.
Sweet corn is one of the most intensively fertilized crops in Mississippi.
Sweet corn is one of the truly great baits of all time.
Sweet corn is our faorite, especially when made into a cream-style corn chowder.
Sweet corn is our favorite, especially when made into a cream style corn chowder.
Sweet corn is part of corn.
Sweet corn is ready to harvest when the silks turn brown and get dry.
Sweet corn is ripe when the kernels are fully rounded and still full of milky juice.
Sweet corn is very delicious.
Sweet corn is very susceptible.
Sweet corn is well loved and eagerly consumed.
Sweet corn needs more space than most vegetables.
Sweet corn needs nitrogen and rich organic matter to thrive which the legumes leave behind.
Sweet corn performs best in fertile, well-drained soils in full sun.
Sweet corn produces a coarse crop refuse that resists decomposition.
Sweet corn remains in prime condition for only a day in hot weather.
Sweet corn represents one of the important vegetable crops in the United States.
Sweet corn requires rich soil with ample nitrogen and moisture.
Sweet corn starts converting sugar to starch when the ear is separated from the stalk.
Most sweet corn has fiber.
Some sweet corn has proteins.
Sweet cream is a misnomer, as all non-sour cream butters are sweet cream.
Sweet crude is low in sulfur and therefore often more valuable.
Sweet currant dominates the moderate finish.
Sweet desserts prefer wines of equal or greater intensity of sweetness.
Sweet dishes predict a sweet life.
Some sweet dishes are made of cheese.
Some sweet dishes are made of fresh cheese.
Some sweet dishes are made of sugar.
Sweet dough s with lots of butter and eggs also respond well to a second long rise in a cool place.
Sweet dreams are soon to follow.
Any sweet drink stays behind the baby's front teeth and decay sets in.
Sweet dumplings are very similar.
Sweet feelings bear seeking out again.
Sweet fennel is the variety that produces a bulb.
Sweet fern is a loosely branched, spreading, and colonizing plant.
Sweet ferns have flowers.
Sweet ferns have red flowers.
Most sweet ferns have flowers.
Most sweet ferns have red flowers.
A sweet flag is a hydrophytic plant
Sweet flag is propagated by rhizome division.
Sweet flavor improves palatability of and compliance to a diet regimen.
Sweet flavors can work wonders.
Sweet flesh has excellent flavor and rind is bright orange, thin, and peels with some difficulty.
Sweet flowers are slow, and weeds make haste.
Sweet flowers attract hummingbirds.
Most sweet flowers attract hummingbirds.
Sweet foods are less harmful if eaten at the end of a meal.
Sweet foods are often low in vitamins and minerals, and high in fat.
Sweet fragrance can display.
Sweet fruit are large, firm, sweet, and hold their color under high temperatures.
Sweet fruit is the dominant characteristic.
Sweet fruits fuel the system with glucose.
All sweet fruits are Ok for vata.
A sweet gale is a bush
Sweet gale grows in bogs, swamps, shallow water, and along streams.
Sweet girl needs firm, loving discipine, fenced yard, LOTS of exercise.
Some sweet girls work in shops.
Sweet grass is among the earliest flowering of Alaskan grasses.
Sweet grass is grass
Sweet grass is used in the smudging and sweeping rituals.
Sweet gum is gum
Sweet gum is very tolerant of compacted soils and has extremely beautiful fall color.
Sweet herb is another oddity that has surfaced with greater dependability in recent years.
Sweet herbs are beneficial for the spleen, pain reduction and restoring harmony and energy.
Sweet honeysuckle is the most fragrant species.
Sweet iron creates moisture for a wet, soft mouth.
Sweet itch is an allergic reaction to bites of midges.
Sweet kisses become deeper And filled with urgency.
Sweet liquids are taken more readily than water.
Many sweet liquids cause problems, including milk, formula and fruit juice.
Some sweet liquids are produced by aphids.
Some sweet liquids consist of glucose.
Sweet love renew thy force,'' someone says.
Sweet lovers love the spring.
Sweet manioc has no such bitter compounds, and can be eaten boiled or baked like a potato.
A sweet marjoram is a herb
Sweet marjoram is a close relative of oregano, but offers a more delicate flavor to cooking.
Sweet marjoram is an annual with a low, spreading growth habit.
Sweet marjoram is analgesic, sedative, and a muscle relaxant.
Sweet marjoram is essential oil is great for adding a nice herbaceous, spicy note to any blend.
Sweet marjoram is one of the main additions in sausages, pizza and in poultry stuffing.
Sweet marjoram is one of very popular herb, especially in the Mediterranean region.
Sweet marjoram is the most useful of the marjorams to grow.
Sweet marjoram produces blooms that start out looking like little knots.
Sweet marjoram resembles oregano but has smaller leaves and a more delicate flavor.
Sweet marjorams add flavor.
Most sweet marjorams add flavor.
Some sweet marjorams attract beneficial insects.
Some sweet marjorams attract insects.
A sweet melon is a melon
Sweet melons are in demand.
Sweet memories are the paradise of the mind.
Sweet mercy is nobility's true badge.
Sweet milk is just regular milk rather than sour or buttermilk.
Sweet milk is regular milk.
Sweet misery is a description used in medieval poetry to describe time spent in Purgatory.
Sweet misos are our most delicate misos, perfect for scrumptious salad dressings, dips, and spreads.
Any sweet mix can be a breeding ground for 'nasties'.
Sweet monkey love the is the art of making it with a beautiful girl.
Sweet nectar is produced in copious quantities, attracting hummingbirds.
Sweet nectar produces flowers.
Most sweet nectar produces flowers.
Sweet notes linger in the close.
Sweet nothings hang in the air like chocolate wanting milk.
Sweet nourishment is held back from our mouths.
Sweet oak joins in on the palate, wrapped in velvety tannins.
Sweet oak takes the lead on the palate, too, surrounding good, fresh black-cherry fruit.
Some sweet oak adds roundness.
Sweet odors attract bears.
Sweet oil is oil
Sweet oil is usually either olive oil or almond oil.
Sweet onions have a thinner, lighter color skin than storage onions and tend to be more fragile.
Sweet orange is considered a milder oil than bitter orange, and is more suitable for children.
Sweet orange is orange
Sweet orange is the ideal wintertime aromatherapy oil.
Sweet partner plays one touch.
A sweet pea is a vine
Sweet peas are an example.
Sweet peas are available in climbing and dwarf varieties.
Sweet peas are heavy feeders.
Sweet peas are plants.
Sweet peas are poisonous to eat.
Sweet peas are quite hardy and can tolerate occasional late frost.
Sweet peas are the essence of summer.
Sweet peas are vines.
Sweet peas benefit from being grown in a fairly rich soil.
Sweet peas grow best if planted in a different place each year.
Sweet peas prefer well-drained soil in a sunny location.
Sweet peas require alkaline conditions.
Sweet peas take several weeks to emerge.
Sweet pepper has bell shapes.
Sweet pepper has characteristic bell shapes.
Sweet pepper has characteristic shapes.
Sweet pepper has shapes.
Sweet pepper is pepper
Sweet peppers are a bit picky about temperatures.
Sweet peppers get a zero.
Most sweet pepper has bell shapes.
Most sweet pepper has characteristic bell shapes.
Most sweet pepper has characteristic shapes.
Most sweet pepper has shapes.
Some sweet pepper contains substances.
Some sweet pepper has levels.
Sweet pickle is pickle
Sweet pickles are the secret ingredient.
Sweet pictures illustrate poems by well-known poets.
Sweet polenta is nothing new in Italy's corn country.
Sweet potato contains digestible fiber which can facilitate bowel movement.
Sweet potato contains fiber.
Sweet potato contains raffinose, one of the sugars responsible for flatulence.
Sweet potato cuts into cubes.
Sweet potato is a tropical plant, a perennial often grown as an annual.
Sweet potato is morning glory.
Sweet potato is part of sweet potato.
Sweet potato is plants.
Sweet potato is root vegetables.
Sweet potato is the main food.
Sweet potato is vegetables.
Sweet potato is wind
Sweet potato offers a distinct flavor that can turn any treat into a dog's instant favorite.
Sweet potato ranks the seventh crop, just after cassava.
Sweet potato tops with butters.
Sweet potato tops with teaspoon butters.
Sweet potato yields down.
Sweet potatoes add special flavor and appearance to fall menus.
Sweet potatoes are a good source of dietary fiber, which helps to promote a healthy digestive tract.
Sweet potatoes are a great source of vitamin E, and they are virtually fat-free.
Sweet potatoes are a perennial while turnips are a biennial.
Sweet potatoes are a popular choice to complement the maize crop.
Sweet potatoes are a vegetable.
Sweet potatoes are also a common element of a traditional meal.
Sweet potatoes are also high in fiber and very nutritious.
Sweet potatoes are grown in long ridges, taller ridges make harvesting easier.
Sweet potatoes are higher in calories than white potatoes.
Sweet potatoes are in a different family.
Sweet potatoes are modified roots and can be used to produce new plants.
Sweet potatoes are more nutritious if cooked with the skin on.
Sweet potatoes are more nutritious than white potatoes.
Sweet potatoes are much healthier and they are delicious topped with cinnamon and brown sugar.
Sweet potatoes are ok.
Sweet potatoes are quite versatile, but they're most often baked, candied, or made into pies.
Sweet potatoes are relatively low in calories and have no fat or cholesterol.
Sweet potatoes are rich in cancer-fighting antioxidants.
Sweet potatoes are susceptible to a variety of field and storage diseases.
Sweet potatoes are sweet on their own.
Sweet potatoes are the main food of Gulf's mountain people.
Sweet potatoes are the staple except along the southern border.
Sweet potatoes are tropical American members of the morning glory family.
Sweet potatoes are tuberous roots and potatoes are actually swollen stems.
Sweet potatoes are very filling.
Sweet potatoes are very good stewed with fresh pork, veal, or beef.
Sweet potatoes bake right on the oven rack, and there is no sticky casserole dish to clean up.
Sweet potatoes belong to another family entirely but they, too, can be baked.
Sweet potatoes benefit from growing on ridges where soil is heavy or poorly drained.
Sweet potatoes come out on top here, just because of the way that they are typically eaten.
Sweet potatoes contain many allelochemicals.
Sweet potatoes enjoy warmer climates and grow best down South.
Sweet potatoes form a long and thin tuber.
Sweet potatoes germplasm.
Sweet potatoes go good with pineapple ham.
Sweet potatoes grow best in a well-drained, loamy to sandy soil.
Sweet potatoes have a naturally rich taste and creamy texture.
Sweet potatoes have a pinkish skin and are a very popular crop with most families growing their own.
Sweet potatoes have an enormous genome, containing six copies of each chromosome.
Sweet potatoes have more flavor and vitamins than yams but less natural sugar and moisture.
Sweet potatoes have two basic flesh types, dry or moist.
Sweet potatoes Leave out the margarine and marshmallows.
Sweet potatoes look good.
Sweet potatoes make an attractive house plant.
Sweet potatoes prefer an acidic, well-drained, sandy soil.
Sweet potatoes prefer hot, dry weather once the vines cover the ground.
Sweet potatoes represent storage roots.
Sweet potatoes stored in a cool room temperature keep several months.
Sweet potatoes take up a considerable amount of space in the garden.
Sweet potatoes vary in color from tater to tater.
Most sweet potato contains fiber.
Most sweet potatoes go from the farm to be cured.
Some sweet potato has eyes.
Sweet preferences develop early.
Sweet recollections waltz.
Sweet relationships are dead.
Sweet reserves are juice held back to use for sweetening a wine with.
Sweet revenge comes the next day.
Sweet rice has a short, plump, opaque kernel.
Sweet rice is perfumed with sugared orange peel and crunchy with pistachios and almonds.
Sweet rosettes add the perfect light touch to the tiers.
Sweet ruler is out of place.
Sweet rum is traditional but forbidden in some parks.
Sweet salines neutralize, and cause insipidity.
Sweet scents drift in constantly.
Some sweet scent attracts beetles.
Sweet sisters die at ages.
Most sweet sisters die at ages.
Sweet smell attracts insects.
Most sweet smell attracts insects.
A sweet sorghum is a sorghum
Sweet sorghum is grown extensively for syrup production in the southeastern states.
Sweet sorghum overcomes many of the shortcomings of other biofuel crops .
Sweet sorghum overcomes many of the shortcomings of other biofuel crops.
Sweet sorghum provides sweetening for food.
Sweet sorghums have sweet juicy stems and are grown to be made into sorghum syrup.
Sweet spot is hard to find.
Sweet spreads are best if eaten within one year.
Sweet strawberries balance out the tangy feta, while sunflower seeds add a nutty crunch.
Sweet stuff abounds too, with the most usual on offer for eating out, being churros .
Sweet stuff burns quickly.
Sweet styles can improve for ten years or more.
Sweet sugar becomes necessity.
Most sweet sugar becomes necessity.
A sweet sultan is a thistle
Sweet sultans are best in cool climates.
Sweet surrender is just too polished to rise above bubblegum status.
Sweet syndrome has no known racial predilection.
Sweet syndrome has the potential to involve several other organ systems.
Sweet tamarinds are a local specialty.
Sweet things are necessary for energy-rich nutrients, salty for minerals, but bitter.
A sweet tooth is appetite
Sweet tooth is in the genes.
Sweet tooths come in all shapes and cavity sizes.
Sweet treats can be amazingly redemptive.
Sweet tunes turn into dark psychpower.
Sweet vanilla captures the nose while nuances of rich butterscotch tease the palate.
Sweet vapors rise from the earth.
Sweet vermouth is red in color.
Sweet vermouth is wine
Sweet versions can age for two to five years.
Sweet violet is violet
Sweet violets have many uses.
Sweet violets have various other uses in the garden, including various medicinal uses.
Some sweet violet has chemicals.
Sweet whey enhances the taste and color of bagels.
Sweet whites repay cellaring of five years or more.
Sweet wine contrasts very well with a cheese with high acidity.
Sweet wine contrasts well with a cheese with high acidity.
Sweet wine is drunk with dessert or fruit.
Sweet wine is obtained when the natural grape sugar remains in the juice.
Sweet wine is wine.
Sweet wine represents joy.
Tax collection is a complex process given the number of applicable federal and state statutes.
Tax collection is cooperative.
Tax collection is irregular and often corrupt.
Tax collection is the most important issue for Pakistan's survival.
Tax collection is too high.
Tax collections are collections.
Tax collections are lower under the combination tax because economic growth is stronger.
Tax collections are the district's main source of revenue.
Tax collections are up all across the country except Tibet.
A tax collector is an official
Tax collectors are bureaucrats.
Tax collectors are only interested in more money, more power and more ways to spend money.
Tax collectors are wholly beyond the power of the court.
Tax collectors can tap IRAs and pensions to get unpaid taxes.
Tax collectors carry Kalashnikovs, and Moscow dances to the tune of dodgy deals.
Tax collectors come to see the show and are drawn in.
Tax collectors desire money.
Tax collectors expect to make a profit, as they are in the business of tax collection.
Tax collectors go the other direction in order to maximize their revenue.
Some tax collectors develop principles.
Tax competition can be a means of exerting pressure on public expenditure.
Tax competition can have positive effects.
Tax competition forces governments to cater to the needs of taxpayers in the global economy.
Tax competition is a liberalizing force in the world economy.
Tax competition is one of the few areas in which small size confers an economic advantage.
Tax competition is rife among European countries seeking to lure investors.
Tax competition is the bane of governments worldwide seeking higher levels of tax receipts.
Tax competition results in a wide diversity in local sales taxes.
Tax compliance adds nothing to output and diverts resources away from productive activities that do.
Tax compliance is an essential part of business management.
Tax compliance is number one.
Tax court allows back pay exclusion.
Tax court allows exclusion of payments received for community property interest in pension.
Tax court excludes back pay received for age discrimination.
Tax credit is a reduction
Tax credit is based on estimated annual energy produced.
Tax credit is decrease.
Tax credit is made permanent.
Tax credits allow states to determine who can use the school modernization bonds in their states.
Tax credits allow the bearer to avoid or pay lower taxes by virtue of a special designation.
Tax credits are a market approach to helping solve the problem of climate change.
Tax credits are also available to food donors.
Tax credits are also available.
Tax credits are an excellent method of leveraging outcomes.
Tax credits are another approach worthy of consideration.
Tax credits are available but limited to the relevant income.
Tax credits are available for solid waste recycling projects.
Tax credits are available for the same expenses as deductions, excluding tuition.
Tax credits are available to businesses paying Florida Corporate Income or Sales and Use Taxes.
Tax credits are available to offset the costs of removing architectural and communication barriers.
Tax credits are essential to the owners' deals.
Tax credits are gold.
Tax credits are like turbocharged tax deductions, only better.
Tax credits are one of many public policy options available to government.
Tax credits are one sure way to increase investment in spaceplane ventures.
Tax credits are one vehicle for achieving tis goal.
Tax credits are public dollars the government has relinquished.
Tax credits are quite significant in terms of stimulating rehabilitation in historic areas.
Tax credits are similar to wild cards in a board game.
Tax credits are the future.
Tax credits benefit all tax brackets equally.
Tax credits benefit only tax-paying entities, and are limited to the owners of the property .
Tax credits can also potentially reduce tax liability to zero even if taxable income is positive.
Tax credits can be either refundable or nonrefundable.
Tax credits can be refundable or non-refundable.
Tax credits can help families with the costs of child care.
Tax credits can help offset accommodation costs.
Tax credits can provide some welcome relief.
Tax credits come in two varieties, refundable and nonrefundable.
Tax credits have additional political, legal and administrative advantages.
Tax credits help cover the cost of equipment and employees' city earnings taxes.
Tax Credits Learn about tax credits.
Tax credits reduce taxes on a 'dollar for dollar' basis.
Tax credits represent only one of the policy options available to government.
Many tax credits are also available to both individuals and corporations.
A tax cut is a cut
Tax cut is just a decoy.
Tax cut sits well with most South Shore voters.
Tax cuts allow consumers to increase their spending, which boosts aggregate demand.
Tax cuts are a defining Republican issue.
Tax cuts are a given, tax reform is the new mantra.
Tax cuts are a good thing.
Tax cuts are a mistake.
Tax cuts are a politically popular but dangerous use of surplus funds.
Tax cuts are a signature issue for the Republican party.
Tax cuts are about as economic as it gets.
Tax cuts are absolutely essential.
Tax cuts are also an important tool for limiting the growth of government.
Tax cuts are also good for growth.
Tax cuts are also necessary.
Tax cuts are always a nice little touch around election time, and they go over big with most voters.
Tax cuts are always a popular option.
Tax cuts are an investment in working families.
Tax cuts are available to sweeten the pie.
Tax cuts are bad.
Tax cuts are both an economic and a social benefit to the young.
Tax cuts are cuts.
Tax cuts are for taxpayers.
Tax cuts are forever.
Tax cuts are generally good for business.
Tax cuts are good for the economy, and good for our fiscal health.
Tax cuts are good for the people and for the economy.
Tax cuts are good, debt reduction is great.
Tax cuts are government expenditures that go to a select group often without strings attached.
Tax cuts are important to economic growth.
Tax cuts are more popular that teachers' payraises.
Tax cuts are most popular when people feel economic pressure.
Tax cuts are much harder to sell during good times.
Tax cuts are necessary even if deficits result.
Tax cuts are never too expensive.
Tax cuts are no longer an option, they are a requirement.
Tax cuts are on the way.
Tax cuts are only controversial where rich liberals dwell.
Tax cuts are risky.
Tax cuts are temporary.
Tax cuts are the best way government can help families cover the costs of raising children.
Tax cuts are the big discussion right now.
Tax cuts are the big news of the budget.
Tax cuts are the clincher.
Tax cuts are the designer label of lazy politicians.
Tax cuts are the flavor of the month.
Tax cuts are the surest means to that end.
Tax Cuts are under attack again.
Tax cuts are unnecessary with the booming economy.
Tax cuts are welcome.
Tax cuts are yesterday's red meat.
Tax cuts burn holes in pockets as households rush out to spend and firms add to the capital stock.
Tax cuts can be either windfalls or they can be targeted to get specific results.
Tax cuts can be stimulative because people tend to go out and spend their refunds.
Tax cuts can wait.
Tax cuts can work differently.
Tax cuts cause growth.
Tax cuts cause school shootings.
Tax cuts create jobs and keep our young people at home.
Tax cuts create jobs.
Tax cuts do a lot of things, all good.
Tax cuts don t give money back to anyone.
Tax cuts don t give money to anyone.
Tax cuts enable people to keep more of their own money.
Tax cuts figure prominently, as do calls for increased spending.
Tax cuts force government to hack back the weeds, to be creative.
Tax cuts fuel greater economic growth, which leads to more jobs and higher wages.
Tax cuts get thumbs up.
Tax cuts give more by giving more freedom and power to the American people.
Tax cuts go only to the top.
Tax cuts have the same double edge.
Tax cuts help boost the economy by leaving more money in the pockets of hard-working people.
Tax cuts help families and strengthen our economy.
Tax cuts hold sway.
Tax cuts imply lower public savings.
Tax cuts increase revenues.
Tax cuts increase tax collections.
Tax cuts leave more money in the pockets of workers, families, and investors.
Tax cuts make the deficit hole deeper.
Tax cuts mean less revenue.
Tax cuts pay for themselves.
Tax cuts phase in and phase out in seemingly random fashion.
Tax cuts promote lofty ideals.
Tax cuts put more in our pockets, and that leads to more spending.
Tax cuts rank low on voters' agenda.
Tax cuts rank way down on their list of priorities.
Tax cuts risk a return to high inflation and high interest rates.
Tax cuts run a distant third.
Tax cuts save the average soul nothing.
Tax cuts sell.
Tax cuts spur economic growth.
Tax cuts stimulate growth and job creation.
Tax cuts stimulate the economy and raise revenues for Washington.
Tax cuts stimulate the economy, create jobs and promote consumer confidence and spending.
Tax cuts unite the Republican base.
Tax cuts work, and Ireland proves it.
Tax cuts work.
Most tax cuts go to the wealthy all the time.
Some tax cuts are more pro-growth than others.
TAX DAY follows their daylong vacation around town, in an ode to the pleasures of leisure.
Tax day is almost here.
Tax day is here.
Tax day is only about a month away.
Tax day means bad things to most people.
Tax deduction is depreciation
Tax deduction is received the year gift is made and an estate tax charitable deduction later.
Tax deduction receipts for donations are available.
Tax deduction See interest tax deduction .
Tax deductions apply but at a lower or deferred rate.
Tax deductions are available to consumers who make large credit-card purchases.
Tax deductions are available.
Tax deductions are possible to the extent allowable by the law.
Tax deductions are still very important to the owners of small closely-held businesses.
Tax deductions come in many shapes and forms, both for personal and business purposes.
Tax deductions make charitable gift annuities more affordable.
Tax deductions provide additional incentives.
Tax deductions provide an added bonus to corporations and first-time collectors who lease.
Tax deductions save different people different amounts of money.
Tax deductions vary by business type, yet benefits remain tax free.
Any tax deduction is limited to the difference between that amount and the price of admission.
Many tax deductions are easier to substantiate for corporations than non-incorporate bodies.
Many tax deductions are easier to substantiate for corporations than non-incorporated bodies.
Tax deferral helps an annuity grow even faster than a taxable product.
Tax deferral is a powerful reason to consider an annuity investment.
Tax deferral is a powerful savings tool.
Tax deferral is available for businesses moving into the state.
Tax deferral is int.
Tax deferral makes an impressive growth difference when it comes to cash accumulation.
Tax deferral provides opportunity for individual to be in lower tax bracket at time of distribution.
Tax dodging is nothing new, however.
Tax efficiency is a happy outcome of our investments in sustainable growth companies.
Tax efficiency is central to the campus concept.
Tax efficiency is no longer the sole motivation.
Tax equalization is more prevalent than tax protection.
Tax equalization works both ways.
A tax evasion is commerce
Tax evasion is a crime and, in the USA, is punishable by both fines and imprisonment.
Tax evasion is a crime but tax avoidance is legal.
Tax evasion is a crime.
Tax evasion is a form of theft and can be prosecuted.
Tax evasion is a growing problem.
Tax evasion is a massive industry.
Tax evasion is a national sport.
Tax evasion is a problem in many developing countries.
Tax evasion is a serious crime.
Tax evasion is an activity connected with the informal economy .
Tax evasion is an activity connected with the informal economy.
Tax evasion is both a sin and a crime.
Tax evasion is fairly rare.
Tax evasion is fraud.
Tax evasion is illegal and morally wrong.
Tax evasion is illegal.
Tax evasion is important for many reasons.
Tax evasion is one example.
Tax evasion is one of the most common economic crimes.
Tax evasion is prevalent and domestic revenue collection is poor.
Tax evasion is punishable with prison.
Tax evasion is rampant in Turkey.
Tax evasion is rampant.
Tax evasion is so rampant that it has caused a financial crisis for the central government.
Tax evasion is the failure to pay taxes according to the law.
Tax evasion is the most serious aspect of non-compliance.
Tax evasion is widespread in Madagascar, accompanied by bribery of customs or other tax officials.
Tax evasion prevents any realistic estimate of the turnover of the flourishing shuttle trade.
Tax evasion raises many issues.
Tax evasions are evasions.
Tax evasions are human activities.
Tax exemption depends in whole or in part upon the mood of the tax man.
Tax exemption is a political question up to the legislature.
Tax exemption is employed as an instrument of interventionism in the case of customs duties.
Tax exemption is the exception.
Tax exemptions apply only to property that is used as a primary residence.
Tax exemptions are also available for impaired patients and for carers.
Tax exemptions are also available for students claimed as dependents by their parents or guardians.
Tax exemptions are available in authorised tax-free stores.
Tax exemptions are available on presentation of passport.
Tax exemptions are the antithesis of tax equality.
Tax exemptions are to be narrowly construed.
Tax exemptions vary with specific circumstances.
Tax expenditures are an alternative to direct government spending on policy programs.
Tax expenditures are considerably less accountable than government spending.
Tax expenditures are important because their net effect runs in the hundreds of billions of dollars.
Tax expenditures are provisions in the tax code that reduce or eliminate certain tax liabilities.
Tax expenditures are subsidies provided through the tax system.
Tax expenditures complicate the tax system.
Tax expenditures involve no payment of funds from the government to the private sector.
Tax expense consists of current tax expense and deferred tax expense.
Tax Filing is a natural extension of payroll service.
A tax form is a form
Tax forms are a small one, but much still much appreciated by much of the public.
Tax forms are also available at most post offices.
Tax forms are also available at the three campus libraries.
Tax forms are also available online .
Tax forms are also available.
Tax forms are available at all branches.
Tax Forms are available at no charge or a small copying fee.
Tax forms are available at public libraries, the post office and online.
Tax forms are available at the site.
Tax forms are available for distribution to individuals at the beginning of each new year.
Tax forms are available on both the first and second floors.
Tax forms are available, also.
Tax forms are availalbe throughout the year.
Tax Forms are currently available online.
Tax forms are forms.
Tax forms are located in libraries.
Tax forms are necessary when applying for financial aid.
Tax forms are now available by following the links below.
Tax forms are the top two choices.
Tax forms are too long and too complicated.
Tax forms are usually available at U.S. consulates or embassies.
Tax forms can fit on postcards.
Tax Forms Click here for information about downloading tax forms.
Tax Forms Click on a link below to download a document.
Tax Forms Find federal tax forms at the sites below.
Tax forms print best on laser printers.
Tax Forms Use the menu on the left side to view Tax forms for any of the listed years.
All tax forms are accessible from one page.
All tax forms remain the property of their creators.
Some tax forms are also available on the Internet .
Some tax forms contain distinguishing characteristics necessary for processing.
Tax fraud is a costly drain on everyone's resources.
Tax fraud is considered briefly.
Tax fraud is considered punishable by the criminal courts.
Tax fraud is punishable by execution in China.
Tax fraud is usually the most important way that a government is cheated of money.
A tax haven is a country
Tax havens are countries.
Tax havens exist simply to help the wealthy thrive.
Tax Havens have different categories.
Tax havens offer comparatively confidential, equitable, and simplistic tax systems.
Many tax havens provide sanctuary for the proceeds of crime and corruption.
Tax holiday is in lieu of all other concessions available in the Income Tax Act.
Tax incentives are a common tool used by states to influence business investment decisions.
Tax incentives are a major mechanism for states to encourage business growth.
Tax incentives are already in place for other technologies such as ethanol.
Tax incentives are available for single gifts, deeds of covenant or legacies.
Tax incentives are available to help absorb the costs of accessibility alterations.
Tax incentives are but one tactic in the overall strategy.
Tax incentives are the icing on the cake.
Tax Incentives Are Usually Ineffective.
Tax incentives are, by far, the most abused tool in the government toolbox.
Tax incentives can be substantial over the life of the loan.
Tax incentives can encourage use of higher quality care and education.
Tax incentives can take several other forms, as well.
Tax incentives encourage financial giving through tax benefits to the donor.
Tax incentives exist for setting up new industries and for exporting and earning foreign exchange.
Tax incentives flow freely in the search for new industry.
Tax incentives have limited effectiveness.
Tax Incentives Learn about the tax advantages of producing in South Carolina.
Tax incentives make it cheaper to build on farms and open spaces.
Tax incentives work in the shortrun.
Tax incentives work.
More tax incentives are on way for Texas business.
Most tax incentives are available to anyone who engages in the activity that is incentivized.
Some tax incentives can add much to the economic performance of a biomass project.
Some tax incentives promote the wrong goal.
Tax incidence can take two formseconomic and statutory incidence.
Tax incidence deals with the question of who ultimately pays the tax.
Tax incidence is one of the most important areas to be studied.
Tax Investigations View the latest news releases.
A tax law is a law
Tax law can change dramatically each year.
Tax law can change very fast.
Tax law changes for student loans.
Tax law defines the gross estate and the taxable estate of the decedent.
Tax law has become so complicated and arbitrary, no one can understand it.
Tax law impacts.
Tax law is a funny thing.
Tax law is complicated.
Tax law is divided into both federal tax and state tax.
Tax law is drenched with ambiguity where there is mostly no answer that is right or wrong.
Tax law is law, but accounting is flexible.
Tax law is one of the most complicated subjects in the legal world.
Tax law is pervasive throughout our daily lives.
Tax law is subject to interpretation based on factual situations.
Tax law is very specific.
Tax law is written law.
Tax law needs to follow the commercial facts.
Tax law permits taxpayers to deduct charitable contributions as itemized deductions.
Tax law provides a particular source of uncertainty.
Tax law regarding capital gains is less onerous than it once was.
Tax law requires that a business meal be arranged for the purpose of conducting specific business.
Tax law tends to change over time.
Tax laws allow for the deduction of interest on certain loans.
Tax laws allow the landlord an abandonment loss when a lease terminates.
Tax laws are always years, even decades, behind the real world.
Tax laws are complex and change constantly.
Tax laws are complicated and subject to change.
Tax laws are complicated, and constantly changing.
Tax laws are extremely complex and change constantly.
Tax laws are laws.
Tax laws are more aggressive toward the church.
Tax laws are often complex and difficult to understand.
Tax laws are often complicated, even unfriendly.
Tax laws are only one of the many complexities that small-business owners face.
Tax laws are subject to change at any time.
Tax laws are subject to change.
Tax laws are unfair.
Tax laws can change rapidly and unexpectedly.
Tax laws can greatly vary depending upon the individual's particular circumstances.
Tax Laws can range from simple income tax returns to very complex tax matters.
Tax laws can weaken the economic pressures to convert timber land.
Tax laws change and department require-ments vary.
Tax laws change and each taxpayer s fact situation varies.
Tax laws change and new legitimate deductions appear often.
Tax laws change frequently.
Tax laws change from year to year.
Tax laws change often.
Tax laws change regularly and cause confusion for even the most seasoned CPA at times.
Tax laws change, currency regulations and currencies change and so on.
Tax laws change, too.
Tax laws change.
Tax laws contain clear rules governing their operation.
Tax laws do change quickly.
Tax laws do limit contributions.
Tax laws encourage contributions to higher education including, athletic scholarship funds.
Tax laws give employers lots of latitude to choose their plan s features.
Tax laws govern enrollment and administration of the plans.
Tax laws limit the amount that can be contributed annually.
Tax laws look kindly on employers who offer, and employees who accept, certain fringe benefits.
Tax laws make certain types of gifts more advantageous than others.
Tax laws make it difficult for foundations to grant money to individuals.
Tax laws offer advantages for such gifts.
Tax laws relating to the accelerated benefit are complex.
Tax laws require distribution of the net gains to their shareholders before the end of each year.
Technology transfer can be fraught with difficulties.
Technology transfer comes with investment.
Technology transfer continues to arouse concerns among suppliers and clients.
Technology transfer involves technology previously developed by Esensors.
Technology transfer is a complex phenomena with many factors involved.
Technology transfer is a contact sport.
Technology transfer is a cornerstone of each project.
Technology transfer is a growing part of our IP business.
Technology transfer is a major emphasis of the forestry program.
Technology transfer is a new area of emphasis at the center.
Technology transfer is a popular phrase within the science community.
Technology transfer is about moving new and proven ideas into everyday practice.
Technology transfer is almost non-existent.
Technology transfer is an area that has been debated and is fairly close actually to decision.
Technology transfer is an important element in innovation within technology dependent firms.
Technology transfer is an important part of the business of scientific research.
Technology transfer is an integral part of the process.
Technology transfer is an outgrowth of work in many disciplines and fields.
Technology transfer is built into all elements of the program.
Technology transfer is dissemination of research findings and best practice examples.
Technology transfer is essential, as is the availability of financial resources.
Technology transfer is identified and in programs.
Technology transfer is incredibly important to the nation's economy.
Technology transfer is just a different kind of competition.
Technology transfer is just a subset of knowledge transfer.
Technology transfer is key for all at climate change conference.
Technology transfer is largely unregulated in terms of the actual learning process.
Technology transfer is more than a paper exercise.
Technology transfer is of crucial concern to both government and industry today.
Technology transfer is perhaps the most terrible pair of words ever invented.
Technology transfer is regarded as a crucial factor for economic development in New Mexico.
Technology transfer is the crucial element in China's modernization policy.
Technology transfer is very difficult between global sites and outsourcing partners.
Technology transfer is welcomed in all types of industries.
Technology transfer lies at the heart of the research.
Technology transfer occurs only in the mind of humans.
Technology transfer occurs when a technology is taken up by a new industry or in a new market.
Technology transfer requires far more than simply understanding a new technology.
Technology transfer requires patience and investment of time and money.
Technology transfer requires the commitment of both the university administration and the inventors.
Technology transfer starts with identifying research that has patent potential.
Technology transfer takes many forms.
Technology transfer takes place between the steering group and the network partners.
Technology transfer takes time and money.
Technology transfer works exactly the opposite way round.
Technology trends continue to change rapidly, creating demand for timely information.
Technology trends dictate that the gap between processor and memory performance is widening.
Technology Trends Follow our coverage from the hottest tech magazines.
Some technology trends are continuous.
Technology upgrades are a requirement in today's information-based society, administrators say.
Technology upgrades are also expensive and reoccurring.
Technology upgrades change the Internet at a lightning pace.
Technologies accelerate the process of globalization of knowledge.
Technologies acquire historical weight by reshaping the human condition.
Technologies adapts to the new ways, making the 'technological revolution' an intuitive one.
Technologies allow new options for living, learning, working and playing.
Technologies also have a potential to alter the marketplace for education.
Technologies also tend to be less mature, more volatile, and changing more rapidly.
Technologies are also among the factors which lead to increasingly dense working time.
Technologies are also interdependent.
Technologies are available and the majority have reached the pre-commercialization stage.
Technologies are available for testing ducts for leaks.
Technologies are available to enhance the learning experience in all academic disciplines.
Technologies are available to turn manure's potential detriments into benefits.
Technologies are combined and configured per site and treatment requirements.
Technologies are objects with often complex histories.
Technologies are really tools for thinking.
Technologies are scale neutral.
Technologies are simply tools that provide options for our use.
Technologies are still very expensive.
Technologies are the means of delivery.
Technologies are tools to accomplish the above goals.
Technologies are tools.
Technologies are unreliable.
Technologies are wings enabling the persons with disabilities to fly in the technical world.
Technologies are yet to be assessed.
Technologies associated with the work place are often specific to a particular field.
Technologies become outdated and outlive their support systems.
Technologies Below is a list of technologies encountered throughout the network.
Technologies can affect our information processing in other ways as well.
Technologies can assist businesses in tackling e-business in one of two ways.
Technologies can be good or bad, due to either good or bad decisions on the part of the designers.
Technologies can boost pedagogy in powerful ways.
Technologies can help facilitate that interaction.
Technologies can help in teaching the different aspects of history to many types of learners.
Technologies can make learning more individualized, accessible, flexible and often economical.
Technologies catch on only if they do things people want.
Technologies change and new platforms emerge onto the market place.
Technologies change at an incredible rate, especially in our geographic location.
Technologies change but certain methodologies remain fundamental.
Technologies change so fast that they become obsolete before they mature.
Technologies come and go as do our own preconceptions and quickly outdated beliefs.
Technologies come and go constantly.
Technologies come and go with increasing rapidity.
Technologies come and go.
Technologies come from the paradigms of science.
Technologies considered include fossil, nuclear, solar, and energy conservation.
Technologies continue to evolve with optical fiber still moving at a rapid pace.
Technologies continue to grow.
Technologies continue to improve at a rapid pace.
Technologies covered include broadband, satellite and cable-plus reception, and wireless Internet .
Technologies create styles.
Technologies currently exist which can provide secure provision of services without identification.
Technologies cyberspace, too - are always metaphors going back to a hieroglyphic culture.
Technologies designed to deliver drugs without needles are currently in development.
Technologies die for many reasons other than flaws in the technology.
Technologies Discover the hot technologies behind our products.
Technologies discussed are nuclear power, information technology, and genetic engineering.
Technologies do tend to leap forward in a given long-enough lifetime.
Technologies don t spring spontaneously from nothing with no lineage and imprint.
Technologies encourages and facilitates the development of user groups.
Technologies evolve in the strangest ways.
Technologies evolve toward human needs.
Technologies evolve very quickly.
Technologies exist for representing rationale and relationships.
Technologies exist on the horizon that can help address global climate change concerns.
Technologies exist that can make SUVs and other light trucks as clean and fuel efficient as cars.
Technologies exist to arrest global warming.
Technologies exist to make the wireless network secure.
Technologies exist today to protect and preserve privacy.
Technologies exist today which enable three dimensional representation of objects.
Technologies fall under a dominant standard of scientific-technical rationality .
Technologies Find people.
Technologies Find, use, develop, and share technology applicable to new projects.
Technologies free up the educational market.
Technologies generally diverge and specialize rather than converge.
Technologies give rise to many ways to communicate.
Technologies have economic implications, most carbon sinks are in ecosystems.
Technologies help people visualize concepts that are difficult to grasp.
Technologies helps with our web site.
Technologies hold promise but caution is urged.
Technologies improve at different speeds.
Technologies involved are complicated, as are the standards.
Technologies is a full-service market research and usability consulting firm.
Technologies is a fully and correctly licensed contractor.
Technologies is a growing and thriving company in the electronics components manufacturing field.
Technologies is a land records software development company.
Technologies is a leading supplier of wireless technology and accessories.
Technologies is a premiere PC manufacturer and supplier of PC products.
Technologies is a privately held company.
Technologies is a privately held Internet services firm.
Technologies is a privately held Internet technology company located in Orange, California.
Technologies is a small but fast growning firm based in New York.
Technologies is a start-up company growing through the efforts of exceptionally talented people.
Technologies is a world leader in component based software technology.
Technologies is an effort of some of the very bright and young entrepreneurs of the country.
Technologies is an international business and systems integration firm.
Technologies is please to have partnered with several leading companies in the call center industry.
Technologies is pleased to offer an extended hardware warranty for each of our products.
Technologies Is proud to provide the following services to our clients.
Technologies is ready for download.
Technologies is the leader in real-time group communication.
Technologies is the technology leader in trading exchange software.
Technologies is the world leader in fusing the web with field sales force automation.
Technologies is the world leader in fusing the Web with field sales force automation.
Technologies make it possible to visualize creating and linking up diverse learning communities.
Technologies needed here are design automation, packaging, materials, and componentry.
Technologies offer opportunities for new strategies to implement the answers.
Technologies offers consulting services to help companies apply self-calibration.
Technologies offers several lead cutting and bending machines.
Technologies open novel ways for interacting and doing business over the Internet.
Technologies participates in several interesting and exciting events each year.
Technologies provide open training courses in the areas listed below.
Technologies provides comprehensive, path breaking, creative internet solutions.
Technologies provides ongoing support, upgrades and programming services to the user.
Technologies provides the solution for all bandwidth concerns.
Technologies PUSH .
Technologies quickly pass into obsolescence.
Technologies recombine into something new, something that can transform humanity or destroy it.
Technologies reducing vibrations are of interest to heavy industries.
Technologies related to PACS are the fastest growing component of radiology medical systems.
Technologies related to the parties' authentication and collection of payment are equally essential.
Technologies removes the installation hassle.
Technologies result in reduced waste generation and reduced future liability.
Technologies rise and fall.
Technologies scale when they work as well for many people as they do for a few.
Technologies seeks to bridge that gap.
Technologies serve worldviews, inescapably so.
Technologies sgml, xml, datamining, datawarhousing, etc.
Technologies specializes in building long-term partnerships with their clients.
Technologies Specializes in providing software services and application development.
Technologies transform our ideas into realities.
Technologies used in agriculture, including genetics and genomics, are controversial.
Technologies used include soft systems, object oriented analysis, decision support.
Technologies used include watermarking, signatures on disc and encryption.
Technologies uses the protocol to obtain confidential user information, such as credit card numbers.
Technologies using web cameras and interactive chat rooms enable audiences to take an active role.
Technologies utilized include Web delivery, CD-ROM, videotape, and streaming media.
Technologies utilizes an innovative approach to the entire performance appraisal process.
Technology abounds here for the teaching, and for the projects.
Technology abounds in almost every occupation and profession.
Technology accelerates the enterprise.
Technology accelerates the pace of production.
Technology accelerates the violent and perhaps nonsustainable conditions under assumption one.
Technology accommodates functional limitations.
Technology acts as a lens.
Technology acts as both a nervous system and an amplifier.
Technology adds a new dimension to instruction in the classroom.
Technology adds a new dimension to teaching.
Technology adds an extra dimension to teaching.
Technology adds an extra element missing from traditional books.
Technology adds excitement providing a kaleidoscope of new ways to learn.
Technology adds further complications.
Technology adds new tools to our toolbox everyday.
Technology adds nothing to art.
Technology adds security, entertainment to automobiles.
Technology adds the power of efficiency.
Technology advances and, for a moment, chaos surmounts order .
Technology advances aside, the pricing is compelling.
Technology advances at such a blinding rate of speed, today is already history.
Technology advances every day.
Technology advances faster than the military's ability to write policy.
Technology advances for institutions and conferences.
Technology advances happen at a phenomenal rate-which is ideal for a multiplayer game.
Technology advances in agriculture, industry, and social services according to established patterns.
Technology advances in the blink of an eye.
Technology advances in vibration analysis - the good and bad news.
Technology advances inevitably lead to improvements.
Technology advances more rapidly than most people are capable of keeping pace.
Technology advances on vehicles and equipment requires advanced servicing skills.
Technology advances our society and opens up exciting new worlds of opportunity.
Technology advances quickly, competitors move even faster, and nothing stands still for long.
Technology advances rapidly, and soon remotely controlled robots are developed.
Technology advances so quickly that it is sometimes difficult to know which way to turn.
Technology advances so rapidly that things that are impossible today are commonplace tomorrow.
Technology advances swiftly.
Technology advances way too fast for anyone to maintain the best software or the fastest computers.
Technology affects both the content of the social studies and how the social studies are taught.
Technology affects capacity.
Technology affects everyone and is too vital an expenditure for enterprises to defer for long.
Technology affects everyone, universally, across campus and community.
Technology affects everything but replaces nothing.
Technology affects everything.
Technology affects many areas of our lives, especially in the workplace.
Technology affects other academic disciplines such as the humanities and the sciences.
Technology affects the lives of people living in the Bay Area.
Technology affects the way teachers teach, students learn, and administrators operate.
Technology affords more options to make life easier.
Technology affords other opportunities and challenges for the development and analysis of language.
Technology affords the means to amass, correlate and manipulate personal information.
Technology aggravates the lag between information and understanding.
Technology Aids the Disabled.
Technology aids the globalization of the economy.
Technology aids the student by offering a new forum in which to learn.
Technology aids the teacher in planning and grading.
Technology allows a fully integrated approach to the language arts.
Technology allows a larger proportion of the population to develop their creativity.
Technology allows all students an opportunity for an equitable education.
Technology allows all students to gain more knowledge no matter what level they are academically.
Technology allows any product to be made practically anywhere it is cheapest to do so.
Technology allows anybody to work anywhere with the use of telecommunications device.
Technology allows anyone to act as a motorsports journalist now.
Technology allows automobile designers to do more with much less.
Technology allows better education, but there is the question of who owns it.
Technology allows businesses to move at speeds once thought impossible.
Technology allows clients to create, manage and deliver e-marketing campaigns.
Technology allows companies to bypass others in the value chain.
Technology allows companies to invest in improved productivity and an improved product.
Technology allows companies to treat each person differently.
Technology allows end products to be uniquely different.
Technology allows exploration.
Technology allows faculty and students to review videos of entire counseling sessions.
Technology allows far more than bland overheads or scrolling words on a computer screen.
Technology allows fewer workers to produce ever-increasing quantities of goods.
Technology allows for a greater and greater variety of methods for communication.
Technology allows for a new vision of what is possible.
Technology allows for a very fast, safe and efficient shopping carts.
Technology allows for electronic report distribution.
Technology allows for examinations.
Technology allows for the building of larger and more powerful structures.
Technology allows for the optical scanning of print books with voice output.
Technology allows for the repurposing of pre-existing educational materials.
Technology allows groups to spread their influence without regard to geographic limitations.
Technology allows leaders to hide behind a screen.
Technology allows libraries to offer new services and to conduct business differently.
Technology allows manufacturers to produce at the lowest cost.
Technology allows objects, people, information, and ideas to travel great distances and dimensions.
Technology allows observations.
Technology allows operations.
Technology allows people to escape from the tyranny of place.
Technology allows people to integrate maps with video, photos, and, of course, Web pages.
Technology allows prices to follow supply and demand more closely than ever before.
Technology allows producers to cheaply store and replicate past work on demand.
Technology allows realistic numbers and more complicated computations.
Technology allows researchers.
Technology allows scientists.
Technology allows students access to actual data from real companies.
Technology allows students access to real world, real-time data.
Technology allows students and teachers to self-educate as part of learning for life.
Technology allows students to learn despite the systems' limitations.
Technology allows students to learn skills faster.
Technology allows students to review material covered in class.
Technology allows students to see the solution rather than just arriving at an answer.
Technology allows superposition of the instructor on slide images or video footage.
Technology allows teenagers almost unlimited access to popular music.
Technology allows that student to explore the possibilities.
Technology allows the learner to become the teacher.
Technology allows the main details of a cheque to be read and transmitted electronically.
Technology allows the teacher and students access.
Technology allows their ship to travel near, though under, light speed.
Technology allows today's expert restorers to do more than ever.
Technology allows users to be in the game.
Technology allows women to work at home more easily, and thus can be combined with raising a family.
Technology allows writers and publishers to record demos at very reasonable cost.
Technology almost eliminates the distance between two people.
Technology alone brings about unparalleled change every day.
Technology alone promises to redefine, restructure and redirect the very foundation of education.
Technology already allows virtual classrooms, virtual meetings and virtual shopping malls.
Technology already exists to pack products in dry ice and styrofoam.
Technology already has a major impact on our lives.
Technology already offers many ways to make choices, for good or ill.
Technology also affects culture and social cohesion.
Technology also affects the nature of pedagogy.
Technology also affects where a service is offered and by whom.
Technology also allows a small district with limited funds to provide current resources.
Technology also allows for a great deal of individual creativity and diversity.
Technology also allows for a re-evaluation of access options.
Technology also allows for more outpatient surgery, so costs have come down.
Technology also allows simple calculation, collection and distribution of sales taxes to states.
Technology also allows teachers to be more effective in the classroom.
Technology also assists in class discussions.
Technology also boosts the quality of employment.
Technology also brings efficiencies to educational management.
Technology also brings more of our expertise to the general public.
Technology also brings new situations to which Christian ethics still apply.
Technology also can increase time on task by making studying more efficient.
Technology also can play a part in helping students prepare better for class and lab sessions.
Technology also can provide easy access to vast resources.
Technology also challenges assessment .
Technology also closes doors on outdated modes of thinking.
Technology also contributes to work overload.
Technology also creates a safer work environment for our public safety officers.
Technology also creates opportunities that libraries have never had before.
Technology also creates problems never before evident.
Technology also enables our solutions to reduce administrative costs and maximize our productivity.
Technology also enhances learning because it actively engages students in the process.
Technology also enriches education.
Technology also evolves, adapting to the exigencies of human life and culture.
Technology also facilitates fragmentation by opening more options for smaller nations.
Technology also gathers information for quality control and microbilling.
Technology also gives more people access to quality of life services.
Technology also has a huge impact on today's farm economy.
Technology also has a way of biting the hand that built it.
Technology also has an effect on the success of a home based business.
Technology also has an important role in the teaching and learning of geometry.
Technology also has great potential to unite.
Technology also helps learners to implement problem-solving skills.
Technology also helps orchestrate effective response.
Technology also holds great promise in the fight against hearing loss.
Technology also holds the key to protecting the environment and promoting safety.
Technology also includes devices that make physical processes more efficient.
Technology also is a key strategic thrust.
Technology also is a market driver.
Technology also is a priority.
Technology also is available for response-based approaches in the teaching of reading.
Technology also is emphasized in East Baton Rouge.
Technology also is evident in the way faculty teach.
Technology also is integral to the everyday lives of the American people.
Technology also makes groups more effective.
Technology also means mobility.
Technology also moves quickly, that some products see some shorter life cycles.
Technology also offers a tool to maintain connections with their homeland.
Technology also offers another opportunity for success for specific groups of kids.
Technology also offers new ways of diversifying the classroom itself.
Technology also offers options for students with special needs.
Technology also offers upgrade consulting via the telephone.
Technology also places new demands on workforce development.
Technology also plays a critical role in e-marketplace selection, according to experts.
Technology also plays a role.
Technology also plays a very important role in Railroad Tycoon II .
Technology also plays an important role as well as the media.
Technology also plays an important role in the educational process of the art education program.
Technology also plays an integral role in helping students develop different kinds of literacies.
Technology also presents a problem.
Technology also promotes networking because it allows people to express themselves more freely.
Technology also provides an efficient means of storing and of critiquing the portfolio.
Technology also provides opportunities to collect and redeploy knowledge throughout an organization.
Technology also provides opportunities to design and introduce new services.
Technology also provides retrieval of information via the Internet.
Technology also provides tools for investigation, inquiry, and analysis.
Technology also provides tools for investigations, inquiry, and analysis.
Technology also provides tools to improve communications and decision making.
Technology also raises ethics questions when it comes to monitoring one's own employees.
Technology also rules once the logs reach the modern saw mill.
Technology also speeds up modes of transportation and helps peeople work more efficiently.
Technology also supports science.
Technology also suppresses human interaction.
Technology also tops the list for our educational desires.
Technology also weeds out carriers.
Technology also works in the background to improve the operation of the school system.
Technology alternately takes the place of, threatens and recuperates the body.
Technology amplifies the ads' perfection.
Technology Amplifies the Arts.
Technology amplifies the resources teachers can offer their students.
Technology apparently has found an answer, or so three electronic book companies believe.
Technology appeals to a generation that is growing up on television and video games.
Technology appears to exist to lessen emissions.
Technology appears to have many different meanings to many different people.
Technology applies in principle to curriculum, instruction, and assessment.
Technology applies the knowledge provided by science.
Text files contain lines of text.
Text files contain no headings.
Text files contain only characters.
Text files contain only sequences of characters.
Text files contain only unformatted text.
Text files contain text in a traditional language such as English, Spanish, etc.
Text files contain unformatted text.
Text files containing information about the data sets are also available for downloading.
Text files get much better compression than say video files.
Text files have a file extension of .txt.
Text files have no codes or formulas that are common in word processing and spreadsheet files.
Text files have no graphics.
Text files keep all words but loose all graphics and formatting.
Text files provide identification support, life cycles, sampling and control information.
Text files refer to plain text files with a .txt extension.
Text files require translation when transferred between some platforms.
Text files sent as binary always work, however.
Text files tend to be small in comparison to images, but still they take up space.
Text files use only printed characters and spaces.
Text files work fine, for instance.
All text files are .rtf's or .pdf's.
All text files are in pdf format.
Text format contains textual information.
Text format has the advantage of simplicity.
Text format is available for a limited number of files.
Text format is just plain text no formatting and no links.
Text format is preferred.
Text format is so good to use if possible.
TEXT format is the standard, Olympia-style output.
Text format is usually the format used if the user plans to put the data series in a spreadsheet.
Text format is what the majority of the email programs can display properly.
Text formats are also fine.
Text formats created in XML are unambiguous and are platform-independent.
Text formats created in XML are unambiguous and platform-independent.
Text formats preserve the text of the presentation.
Text generation determines what a computer says and how the computer says it.
Text images are primarily color.
Text justification is flush left, ragged right.
Text Links appear as shown.
Text links appear at the bottom of each page.
Text links appear disorganized.
Text Links appear in the center of our home page, and offer the most targeted traffic on our site.
Text links appear on every page throughout the site.
Text links appear to be unaffected by the floating image while most image links are affected.
Text links are all that is required.
Text links are also acceptable.
Text links are also available and provide an excellent value for driving traffic.
Text links are also available.
Text Links are also fine.
Text links are also welcome.
Text links are at the bottom of each page.
Text links are available below.
Text links are available for non-graphical browsers.
Text links are available in most cities.
Text links are available on the bottom of the original page for navigation.
Text links are available on the bottom of the original page.
Text Links are Below .
Text links are below.
Text links are better than image links.
Text links are blue and have underlines.
Text links are blue and often underlined.
Text links are fine.
Text links are free of charge.
Text links are free.
Text links are great but banner links are better.
Text links are great.
Text links are limited to two lines.
Text links are ok.
Text links are okay, as long as they are honest.
Text links are simply a line of text, which can be product name, slogan or other.
Text links are the fastest loading links available and take up virtually no disk space.
Text links are the most valuable.
Text links are the subtler of the two links.
Text links are very powerful, and work extremely well.
Text links are vital.
Text links are welcome too.
Text links are welcome.
Text links are well defined and easy to follow from the left-side menu.
Text links are yellow and have underlines.
Text links can appear in the middle of a sentence.
Text links can be effective so long as they are written well.
Text links can be setup on other parts of the site at different rates.
Text links can be very effective when used in conjuction with banners and graphics.
Text links can be very effective when used in conjunction with banners and graphic.
Text links can be very effective when used in conjunction with banners and graphics.
Text Links Feel free to browse our Web-based resources.
Text links generate good click-thru responses as well.
Text links get a higher click through ratio, load faster and take less space than banners do.
Text links get a much higher click through ratio.
Text links have a much higher success rate than banners.
Text links have more of an editorial look and have an implied endorsement from the site they are on.
Text links pull like blind links.
Text links show the path from the home page to the current page.
Text links show the picture file size and any short informational note associated with the picture.
Text links tend to change color after being clicked.
All text links are free.
All text links are in alphabetical order.
All text links are in blue.
Any text link is acceptable.
Text messages are messages.
Text messages are only one representation of the forecast.
Text messages are part of young people's daily lives.
Text messages can communicate with databases.
Text messages provide information for selected cities in North America.
Text messages reach salesmen and representatives at the same time in all corners of the world.
Text messages take up less space than messages that have large attachments.
Text messaging is a feature that is underused with certain wireless service plans.
Text messaging is already one of the fastest growing sources of revenue for service providers.
Text messaging is built in as well.
Text messaging is cheap, convenient, and red hot in much of Asia.
Text messaging is for people who are too lazy to check their email or voice mail.
Text messaging is huge.
Text messaging is just the beginning . . .
Text messaging is nothing less than a revolution.
Text messaging is one of the most popular applications on a cell phone.
Text messaging is priced separately from the flat fee charged by mobile telephone providers.
Text messaging is short and simple.
Text messaging is small comfort.
Text mining is ideal for finding related information in huge volumes of unstructured data.
Text mode allows a request for a different period.
Text mode Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Text mode increases the image contrast to capture clear images of text.
Text mode is a bit complicated.
Text mode is autodetected and fast rendered.
Text mode is faster, especially when plotting, but obviously is far less accurate.
Text mode is good.
Text mode is monochrome but can be set to a specific color.
Text mode is perhaps the simplest major mode aside from Fundamental mode.
Text mode is the default.
Text mode is used for inserting text into the diagram.
TEXT mode is used to send plain text files.
TEXT mode is used to sent plain text files.
Text mode is used to transfer files which are plain text with no special formatting.
Text mode remains a horrible crude implementation.
Text mode uses a text-only chess board, making reloading much faster than when using Images.
All text modes repeat the contents of the submitted file.
Text processing is more closely related to book publishing than typewriting.
Text processing is supported via link to a standard word processing package.
Text processing refers to the ability to manipulate words, lines, and pages .
Text recognition is exceptional.
Text retrieval is the more traditional way for lawyers to use computers to find information.
Text rollovers convert original texts to their modern equivalents.
All text searches are case insensitive.
Text selection works right now.
Text size is also important.
Text size is also very critical.
Text size is changed by n and is also bolded.
Text size is of importance.
Text size is specified as an attribute of the FONT tag.
Text size pull down window -choose and edit text sizes.
Text size varies in different languages.
Text strings are case sensitive.
Text strings are human readable strings.
Text strings rendered to pixmaps can be incomplete.
Text summaries are fast loading html files that can be readily printed or saved to disk.
Text summary is below.
Text talk is a sophisticated, expressive art form.
Text telephones are compatible with TDDs.
Text Telephones are TTYs.
Text telephones use different protocols for conversation.
Text type is the kind of language a student can produce.
Some text types seem to be more or less likely to be combined with mouthings.
Text wrap controls the way the text is displayed around the graphic.
Text above is adapted from the following books.
Text accompanies all slidesets - written by experts.
Text accompanies each cell structure.
Text accompanies each thumbnail image.
Text accompanies the illustrations.
Text accompanies the program describing what is being viewed.
Text added by coordinators is in italics.
Text aligned to the left can be boring.
Text aligns with the bottom of the image.
Text aligns with the middle of the image.
Text aligns with the top of the image.
Text allows for much more detailed information about a topic.
Text allows text to be typed to annotate plot.
Text allows the insertion of explanatory text at the bottom of the screen.
Text alone loads fastest, so concentrate on content and use images as limited dressing.
Text also contains many useful bibliographies.
Text also contains problems.
Text also features a companion Web site with dozens of professional-quality examples.
Text also has a smudgy, embossed appearance.
Text also is top-notch.
Text angles off, flips into and out of italics, breaks into columns.
Text appearing in white are active links.
Text appears a line at a time or a word at a time in the same field of vision and at a preset rate.
Text appears as the first right-aligned line after the table.
Text appears exactly as typed.
Text appears faint or the wrong colours are printed.
Text appears for each species, and it's always crisp, clear and accurate.
Text appears in black and math in red.
Text appears in browser's Title bar at top of screen.
Text appears in italics.
Text appears in superscript.
Text appears in the output window.
Text appears in the title, subtitle, bulleted list, and text placeholder areas on the slides.
Text appears in the upper left corner of the screen and buttons are out of place.
Text appears normal in all other browsers.
Text appears on a computer monitor, which highlights the words as they are read.
Text appears on screen only when necessary to set out quantities, preparation times or materials.
Text appears on the screen for all to see.
Text appears on the screen in Cree, French and English.
Text appears on the screen slowly after long delays .
Text appears on the screen slowly after long delays''.
Text appears only briefly and incidentally amidst thousands of collage elements.
Text appears outside of program area.
Text appears over the graphic instead of below or beside it.
Text appears sharp and fine, and color graphics show rich colors, shadings, and detail.
Text appears so children can read along.
Text appears to creep up the page slightly, increasing with successive pages.
Text appears with information about the system.
Text are characters, numbers, and symbols.
Text are soley the author's opinion.
Text assigned on drawing, no intelligence, serves as a label only.
Text assumes fixed bit fields each containing one character.
Text attributes through stylesheets.
Text automatically resizes with the shape.
Text automatically wraps according to the dimensions of the text field.
Text automatically wraps around at the end of a line.
Text automatically wraps around objects.
Text automatically wraps around tables and documents can contain floating tables.
Text automatically wraps at borders.
Text automatically wraps.
Text based approaches take more effort to explain and follow, and are less likely to be given.
Text Based both have their respective merits.
Text based browers can use the text navigation bar at the bottom of the page.
Text based databases usually have specific system commands.
Text based discourse provides for the sharing of ideas, a necessity for survival.
Text based email is also easy and inexpensive for new cyber-marketeers to cut their teeth on.
Text based information can go into much more detail, and generally does.
Text based input and table based output provides little obvious insight into spacial relationships.
Text based links are free.
Text based links are ok, too, just use the above address to link to.
Text based psychotherapy involves seeing only the written word.
Text based systems can be either stand-alone or computer based.
Text based, it gives the legal requirements before any marriage can take place.
Text based, play against the computer.
Text Be brief and come to the point quickly.
Text Be consistent in the use of fonts, emphasis and color.
Text becomes big.
Text becomes button text or title.
Text becomes difficult to read, and graphics take on stairstep edges.
Text becomes graphics.
Text becomes only another visual design element, no more nor less important than any other.
Text becomes quite technical and so demands close reading.
Text becomes texture and vice versa.
Text becomes virtually unreadable at six points or smaller.
Text Begin the text on a new page.
Text beginning with a lower-case letter denotes a file.
Text begins immediately after the dashes with no spaces.
Text begins immediately, without hard return.
Text begins on new line without paragraph indentation.
Text begins on next line without paragraph indentation.
Text belongs to nobody and it belongs to all.
Text below is difficult to obtain.
Text below is pasted from excel help.
Text block loose in binding.
Text blocking software, for example, comes with watchwords pre-installed.
Text boxes How to edit the line spacing.
Text boxes that respond to specific keys in special ways.
Text boxes with multiple lines are a good way to get detailed responses from users.
Text briefly describes how the predator hunts.
Text Bring words to life with dramatic depth and motion.
Text brings back memories past eras, intermixed with clear rules, diagrams and photos.
Text Brings up the dialog, where the properties of the selected text block can be set.
Text calls gateways multi-protocol routers.
Text can align at the top, middle, or bottom of the image.
Text can also be in various text blocks of course.
Text can also be transparent.
Text can also better and more completely express the thoughts and emotion of the subject.
Text can appear in bold , italics , or both bold and italics .
Text can automatically wrap around graphic objects.
Text can be a difficult element.
Text can be a powerful form of communication and it can be percieved in many fashions.
Text can be a representation of a product.
Text can be anti-aliased on the fly.
TEXT can be any co lo r .
Text can be any color desired.
Text can be any font.
Text can be any size or style available on the users computer system.
Text can be any size, colour, font or style.
Text can be bold , italic , both , teletyped , different colours, or presented in many other ways.
Text can be bold , italics , or teletype .
Text can be bold, italic, and of various font sizes.
Text can be both underlined and bold simultaneously.
Text can be center justified.
Text can be Copied from and Pasted to any of the forms.
Text can be copy and pasted or saved to disk.
Text can be cumulative.
Text can be difficult to make out and images are somewhat grainy.
Text can be either flush left or justified.
Text can be either in the body of the email or attached as a file.
Text can be either the username or the time they logged on.
Text can be hard to read on color monitors, depending on the type.
Text can be in different tables or frames.
Text can be in Texas.
Text can be in the body of the mail, or sent as an attached file.
Text can be 'Indexed' or 'Searched'.
Text can be long or short.
Text can be multiple lines.
Text can be output to a variety of different 'streams', possibly simultaneously.
Text can be part of a product definition.
Text can be place here.
Text can be placed almost anywhere, it appears.
Text can be plain, bold, or italic.
Text can be proportional and also fixed width .
Text can be quite difficult to read on the television unless it is very large.
Text can be right justified.
Text can be so powerful.
Text can be standard black, or try navy blue or dark brown instead.
Text can be straight or shaped to better fit the photo in use.
Text can be upper or lower case.
Text can be user-specified.
Text can be vertical, as well as horizontal.
Text can come in and out from different directions and stay centered for a specified time.
Text can come in and out from different directions and stays centered for a specified time.
Text can consist of either one word or a phrase.
Text can contain foreign characters.
Text can contain hyperlinks to locations within the same flashcard file.
Text can contain letters, numbers, underscores, or dashes.
Text can end up on top of other text, text and graphics can be cut off on the right or left.
Text can even overlap graphics.
Text can exploit gimmicks long known to magazine writers for catching readers' interest.
Text can face four directions and can be rotated four ways.
Text can flow around any shape.
Text can flow inside of any shape.
Text can go to any word processing software that is listed.
Text can have borders surrounding it.
Text can include variables.
Text can lend itself well to the application of any number of skills and strategies.
Text can live in many places.
Text can now flow between blocks and between pages, making page layout much easier.
Text can spill over into the next cell to the right, as long as that cell is empty.
Text can start with font and link settings definition placed inside .
Text can then be output in the place of the script.
Text can undergo many different effects.
Text can wrap and therefore, be adjusted in width.
Text can wrap on the left or right of the image.
Text can wrap on the right side or the left side.
Text centering, however, corresponds to the actual region width set in the SMIL file.
Text changes automatically when the user makes changes to text such as color, font, and size.
Text changes color, but still scrolling.
Text changes frequently.
Text changes quarterly.
Text changes to several error messages.
Text chat with consultant.
Text chat with operators on behalf of companies around the world.
Text Check the calendar of events for activities.
Text cited here is from .
Text cites other sources of information for more specialized treatments.
Text Click anywhere in the black region to start the program running.
Text Combine the four files described below to complete a quote.
Text combined with attractive graphics help encourage the user to investigate further.
Text comes alive with imagery.
Text comes from the grand chorus of praise in the Book of Revelation.
Text comes out clear and well defined, no matter what the resolution.
Text comes separately.
Text comes up, or movies or graphs.
Text comes with supporting tapes.
Text composed on a computer is transmitted directly to a press for printing.
Text compresses well.
Text concerning dogs is provided by owners, publisher claims no liability for information.
Text concerning specific dogs is provided by owners, publisher claims no liability for information.
Text concerns money.
Text consists mainly of paragraph-long captions to the photographs.
Text consists of a sequence of sentences.
Text consists of abstract discussions of ideas and their inter-relationships.
Text consists of headings, labels, and explanatory text.
Text consists of in-depth material on large and small treasures in America and abroad.
Text consists to a great extent of interviews.
Text constitutes a special kind of node, often referred to as a text node.
Text contained in a style is converted as normal text.
Text contained in double-quotes is taken verbatim from the newspaper.
Text contained in square brackets is parenthetical information added by the author.
Text contained in the rule body is written to the output.
Text contained within blockquotes appears indented from both margins of the page as shown below.
Text contained within HTML elements is exposed as one or more child elements.
Text containing a link is a different colour from other text.
Text contains internal links to cited cases .
Text contains little or no technical jargon.
Text contains many abbreviations.
Text contains several examples of nudity in art forms.
TEXT Contains the 'full' text of the document, including any referenced footnotes.
Text contains the word 'quarter'.
Text continues below map.
Text continues on same line as heading.
Text continues to impress as an innovative publisher.
Text contrasts against a dark background.
Text contributes to the course.
Text converters Convert documents to and from other file formats.
Text copied from websites often contains invisible codes that cause problems.
Text copied from websites often contains invisible codes which cause problems.
Text copy before it is put into a mechanical layout or desktop layout.
Text copy to continue from Section Two.
Text corresponds to drawings, chemical structures and equation tables for easy viewing.
Text count within reason.
Text counts as one medium.
Text cover growing all types of vegetables in a very small space.
Text covers all areas of medicine.
Text covers forms of government, military strength, commerce, religion, education and the like.
Time truly is of the essence.
Time truly is the scarcest resource at business school.
Time turn back again.
Time turns in circles.
Time unbinding smiles.
Time unfolds a darker story.
Time unfolds in a fascinating series of fragments that add up to irresistible suspense.
Time used above the minimum is charged for on an as-used basis.
Time used by each user is summed for charging purposes.
Time used for printing is considered part of the Internet session.
Time vanishes for the moment, and then the bell rings to signal the end of the period.
Time varies according to age group.
Time varies according to industrial activity.
Time varies according to size.
Time varies according to the expansion of the universe.
Time varies around the globe.
Time varies as to browning.
Time varies by individual, and with age and physical condition.
Time varies depending on application.
Time varies depending on the components scheduled.
Time varies depending on the level one reaches.
Time varies depending on the type and wattage of the dehydrator or oven.
Time varies depending on thickness of pasta.
Time varies depending upon caseload.
Time varies inversely as speed if the distance is constant.
Time varies with point of departure.
Time varies with temperature, so expect considerable variation.
Time varies. .
Time varying near surface conditions lead to a progression of different corner flow dynamics.
Time waits for no man, and children regretfully grow up.
Time waits for no man, at least according to the old saying.
Time waits for no man, nor does the court of justice, nor the subsellia of the magistrate.
Time waits for no man.
Time waits for no one . . .
Time waits for no one and fate plays no favorites.
Time waits for no one nor can anyone get more of it.
Time waits for no one, as they say, so quit today or face the consequences tomorrow.
Time waits for no one, especially in hip-hop culture where music trends change almost overnight.
Time waits for no one.
Time waits for no-one.
Time waits for now one and ignores no one.
Time waits on no one.
Time warping for the t statement is done section by section.
Time wears down the rope's strength and ability to stretch.
Time weighs heavily on the eyelids.
Time Welcome to our web site.
Time well spent in the beginning can save money and improve design communications.
Time well spent in the short run, however, can reap great benefits in the long run.
Time When stating a time always use a colon.
Time works against both what is good and what is new.
Time works against recovery.
Time works against today's organizations.
Time works as a set of analogies.
Time works changes.
Time works differently here in the ocean.
Time works differently here.
Time works to the advantage of whoever knows how to extract the most from it.
Time works wonders on the memory.
Time works wonders.
Time worn stones, smooth and glassy, streaks of silvery fishes run.
Time wounds all heals, spills through with echoes neither idea nor lair can jam.
Time wounds all heals.
Time wounds all heels. .
Time wounds all heels.
Time wreaks havoc on even the strongest of bonds.
Time zones away from home.
Times above are actual times on the snowmobile.
Times also change.
Times appear on the lower bar of the satellite images.
Times apply only while classes are in session .
Times are a changin'.
Times are a' changing and innovation is driving the world's economy.
Times are a changing, though.
Times are a changing.
Times are a little hard on kids.
Times are accurate at press time.
Times are accurate to the nearest second.
Times are a-changin'.
Times are a-changing, even if it's at a slow pace.
Times are a-changing.
Times are also available for intramural hockey and figure skating.
Times are also limited.
Times are also negotiable.
Times are approx.
Times are approximate and closures are subject to change without notice.
Times are approximate and subject to change.
Times are approximate and subject to local variations.
Times are approximate and the schedule is subject to change without notice.
Times are approximate and vary with the time of year.
Times are approximate because someone always arrives late.
Times are approximate broadcast times.
Times are approximate only.
Times are approximate, and last-minute changes are possible.
Times are approximate, and pregame practices are subject to change or cancellation.
Times are approximate, as they say in the literature.
Times are approximate, but match current projections.
Times are approximate, so please be flexible.
Times are approximate.
Times are Approximate.
Times are as follows.
Times are as tough as many growers can recall.
Times are available at their website .
Times are available during the day, before and after work and during the lunch hour.
Times are available for open pool play for men and women.
Times are available throughout the week.
Times are available to teachers to bring classes in for research projects.
Times are available today and tomorrow after school.
Times are awfully good.
Times are bad right now.
Times are bad, and things seem to get worse.
Times are bad, no question about it.
Times are bad.
Times are below, but they are approximate, as they say in the literature.
Times are below.
Times are better in many ways.
Times are better now, but ignorance is still out there.
Times are better now.
Times are better than ever for catching an aurora.
Times are better today.
Times are by Booking Only.
Times are certainly good in the airline industry today.
Times are certainly tough.
Times Are Changing The elderly, as a demographic group, are hard to keep up with.
Times are changing, fellas keep up.
Times are complex, there are few simple answers, and everyone s financial situation is unique.
Times are convenient to work schedules.
Times are correct.
Times are cumulative.
Times are customizable.
Times are daily unless noted otherwise.
Times are darker now and turbulent.
Times are definitely tougher for everyone world wide.
Times are departures unless otherwise noted.
Times are dependent on individual student needs.
Times are dependent upon duration of question and answer session.
Times are dependent upon pickups location.
Times are desperate for wildlife advocates.
Times are desperate.
Times are different - more people are working.
Times are different now and the church is different.
Times are different now of course.
Times are different now.
Times are different than they used to be.
Times are different, the stakes are much higher.
Times are different.
Times are difficult, customers are choosy and they are choosing the best.
Times are difficult.
Times are dull and labor slackly employed.
Times are earlier than usual.
Times are Eastern and subject to change.
Times are Eastern daylight and are subject to change.
Times are Eastern unless noted otherwise.
Times are eastern unless noted.
Times are eastern.
Times are Eastern.
Times are evil in France and in the world.
Times are exciting.
Times are far more precarious here than they have ever been.
Times are favourable.
Times are flexible and a commitment of two hours a week is desired.
Times are flexible and a number of price packages are available.
Times are flexible and arranged by instructor with student.
Times are flexible and arranged by the instructor with the student.
Times are flexible and include weekends and evenings.
Times are flexible and irregular.
Times are flexible and suit full day trips if required.
Times are flexible to meet individual schedules.
Times are flexible to some extent.
Times are flexible, and the house is a short walking distance from campus.
Times are flexible.
Times are for nonstop flights on jet aircraft.
Times are for opened packages.
Times are for reasonable quantities.
Times are for reference only.
Times are for unstuffed birds.
Times are for unstuffed poultry.
Times are from freshly-booted systems.
Times are from the start of the hike.
Times are from top to bottom.
Times are fully automatic.
Times are generally OK right now.
Times are good .
Times are good and most voters are content.
Times are good and neither candidate is particularly inspiring.
Times are good and people are out making money.
Times are good and travel is booming.
Times are good for almost everyone.
Times are good in Amarillo.
Times are good in America and lots of people are buying cars.
Times are good in Massachusetts.
Times are good now.
Times are good on the farm.
Times are good, and all sectors of the economy are doing well.
Times are good, and small businesses are thriving.
Times are good, and there is a lot of voter anxiety.
Times are good, they say.
Times are good.
Times are gravely critical, far more so than it appears on the surface.
Times are grim.
Times are hard and heroes are few.
Times are hard and the vicar wants to spend as little as possible.
Times are hard for everyone, including Madrid's gypsy community.
Times are hard for low-income tenants in the Lower East Side.
Times are hard for the Tarahumara, small victories notwithstanding.
Times are hard for working families struggling to keep pace.
Times are hard here.
Times are hard in California.
Times are hard in Charlotte too.
Times are hard in Cuba now.
Times are hard in Dead River.
Times are hard in the commodity world.
Times are hard rather.
Times are hard, but times get better.
Times are hard.
Times are harder now.
Times are harsh.
Times are hopefully about to change.
Times are important.
Times are in hours and minutes.
Times are in hours.
Times are in m sec.
Times are in military format.
Times are in milliseconds, sizes of areas in bytes.
Times are in milliseconds.
Times are in minutes and are total times.
Times are in minutes.
Times are in msec.
Times are in seconds and include total run time.
Times are in seconds from ignition.
Times are in seconds, shorter bars are better.
Times are in seconds, size in bytes.
Times are in seconds.
Times are in secs.
Times are in the local time zone.
Times are in thousands of hours.
Times are inconsistent with the other groups.
Times are indeed a changin'.
Times are indeed different . . .
Times are indeed interesting.
Times are indicated at the lower right corners of each frame in minutes.
Times are in-house times.
Times are irrelevant because of the different courses.
Times are just too tough.
Times are lean for the arts at state and local levels, as well.
Times are limited, so please call in advance.
Times are limited, so register early.
Times are local and approximate.
Times are local Indianapolis time.
Times are local starting time.
Times are local time.
Times are local times at place of event.
Times are local times.
Times are local to game site.
Times are local to site and are subject to change.
Times are local to site and subject to change.
Times are local to the site.
Times are long course conversions from best short course time.
Times are longer.
Times are Milwaukee times.
Times are minimum hours of continuous leaf wetness required for infection at each temperature.
Times are mopish and nurly.
Times are more costly now than ever before.
Times are much harder for everybody.
Times are negotiable.
Times are nigh.
Times are no longer so simple.
Times are now harder for the honest firearm owners.
Times are on a rotating schedule.
Times are on the upswing.
Times are open until filled .
Times are output in seconds.
Times are perilous also, when parents are without natural affection to children.
Times are perilous and our cause is the greatest that the world has ever known.
Times are PM unless indicated otherwise.
Times are pm unless otherwise noted.
Times are pretty flexible.
Times are pretty good right now.
Times are quieter now.
Times are quite different today.
Times are quite hard here.
Times are recordedto one thousandth of a second.
Times are respective to the site.
Times are rich.
Times are ripe for a legislative counterrevolution to the systems of managed care.
Times are rosier now, but the questions are just as pertinent.
Times are rough sometimes because it is part of being in a family.
Times are rough.
Times are sad and discouraging.
Times are scheduled on a first come, first serve basis.
Times are short course unless shown.
Times are slow, probably due to cool conditions.
Times are so fast and close they re measured in hundredths of a second.
Times are so fast that they are measured in hundredths of a second.
Times are so good it's almost silly.
Times are sometimes very difficult.
Times are somewhat flexible and two experiments can be performed in one day.
Times are somewhat flexible.
Times are somewhat variable and flexible.
Times are specific to each site.
Times are still available.
Times are still good for freight on the railroads.
Times are still good.
Times are still the same.
Times are subject to alteration without notice.
Times are subject to availability of volunteer supervisors.
Times are subject to change contact the athletic department for updates.
Times are subject to change depending on sporting events.
Times are subject to change depending on the number of entries.
Times are subject to change due to activities.
Times are subject to change due to band and other conditions.
Times are subject to change due to TV coverage, or inclimate weather .
Times are subject to change if scheduling conflicts occur.
Times are subject to change in some locations.
Times are subject to change without notice so always check club showtimes.
Times are subject to change without notice.
Times are subject to change, as is the order of the agenda.
Times are subject to change.
Times are subject to client requirements.
Times are subject to minor change.
Times are subject to verification.
Times are sunset in New York.
Times are tense.
Times are tentative and subject to minor changes each year.
Times are tentative.
Times are that good for our nation.
Times are the averages over several test runs.
Times are the same as above.
Times are the same as the storytimes above.
Times are the same.
Times are tight right now at the Lakeshore.
Times are tight, it s tight.
Times are tight.
Times are to be annotated on individual score sheets.
Times are to be announced.
Times are to be set later in the term.
Times are too good.
Times are tough all over.
Times are tough and few are willing to invest the time and the money into social organizations.
Times are tough and it is hard to make ends meet.
Times are tough and people don t like to see their nest eggs hatch turkeys.
Times are tough and the investor wants to focus on the most profitable line of activity.
Times are tough for dot coms.
Times are tough for many people.
Times are tough for Oregon's farmers and ranchers.
Times are tough for small liberal arts colleges.
Times are tough for Texas teens.
Times are tough for the prairie dog.
Times are tough in America's dairyland.
Times are tough in cyberspace, and many women's sites are ditching their stores.
Times are tough in Eritrea now.
Times are tough in Israel.
Times are tough in steel.
Times are tough in the little town of Sheffield.
Times are tough in the old hardware world.
Times are tough now, but a soft landing is imminent.
Times are tough on farms and ranches in Texas.
Times are tough out there.
Times are tough right now for many farmers.
Times are tough with the crisis.
Times are tough, and business has been bad.
Times are tough, and people are more tough-minded about where they spend their money.
Times are tough, and smart politicians know that people are smarting.
Times are tough, and the work is hard.
Times are tough, but they're still here trying to find better ways to do things.
Times are tough, for residential and commercial contractors alike.
Times are tough, Funding is tight.
Times are tough, no doubt about it.
Times are tough, sure.
Times are tough, though.
Times are tough.
Times are tumultuous and tempers are flaring.
Times are UK local.
Times are uncertain, check local listings.
Times are uncertain.
Times are unusually good.
Times are usually to suit the customer if possible.
Times are valid for both days.
Times are valid through summer season.
Times are variable according to schedules of the student and the typist.
Times are varied to accommodate student schedules.
Times are very flexible and are frequent in the spring and the fall months.
Times are very flexible.
Times are very good for the people who buy BMWs.
Times are very hard for the father and son when they are working on the plane.
Times are very hard here.
Times are very hard, madame.
Times are very hard.
Times are very important.
Times are very tough for our birds.
Times are weekdays with medium traffic.
Times are weird.
Times are wide open, ranging from after school to the weekend.
Times are yet hard here tho easier than one two and three years past.
Times are yet to be determined for both days.
Times are yet to be determined for the last two weekend downtimes.
Times are yet to be determined.
Times are yet to be scheduled.
Times are yet to be set, but the thought is from afternoon into evening.
Times below are guides.
Times can be hard in so many ways, but to lose baseball is to take summer away.
Tote bags are located in closets.
Tote bags are located in houses.
Tote bags are located in schools.
Tote bags are located in shopping carts.
Tote bags are more than gifts or fund raisers.
Tote bags are used for books.
Tote bags come in all sizes and are used for all sorts of reasons.
Tote bags come in blue, red, navy, hunter green, teal, black and burgundy.
A tote is a bag
Tote handle on binding.
TOTE is also capable of handling moves that require a crane-lift directly to a ship.
Tote is hunter green with hunter green and deep purple cloth napkins.
Tote opens into a blanket to play on.
TOTE processes all domestic and export billings from origin to destination.
Totes allow printers to get a price break by buying ink in a large volume.
Totes are avail with black or navy trim.
Totes are avail with black, green or navy trim.
Totes are handbags.
Totes Click on the image to see more detail.
Some totes also have a handy storage compartment in the bottom for even more room.
A totem pole is a column
A totem pole is an emblem
Totem poles are about cultural identity.
Totem poles are columns.
Totem poles are emblems.
Totem poles are family memorials.
Totem poles scowl over temperate rain forests while salmon jump through crisp mountain streams.
Totem poles stand as tall as the nearby trees.
Totem poles tell a story about the family.
A totem is a clan
Totems are a particularly relevant example for the cultural study of dinosaurs.
Totems are animals which represent groups of humans.
Totems are clear and frosted glass.
Totems are emblems.
Totems are images with authority.
Totems are kin.
Totems are magnificent works of art.
Totems are sacred to Native cultures.
Totems are tools with which to tell stories and keep a society's history.
Totems perform many functions.
All totems appear in black.
All totems are hand carved and no two are alike.
Most totems are Special orders .
Totemic beings can be a combination of animals, plants, and mythical or legendary characters.
A totemism is a belief
Totemism is a changingconcept that varies from clan to clan.
Totemism is a means of preventing incest and as a ritual reminder of murder of the father .
Totemism is a means of preventing incest and as a ritual reminder of murder of the father.
Totemism is a primitive religious concept holding that evil can reside in an inanimate object.
Totemism is another common practice in Africa.
Totemism is the belief that there is a bond between humans, animals, and natural objects.
Totemisms are beliefs.
A toter is a traveler
Toters are the unit of measure for Township refuse collection.
T'other place is only open weekend days.
A totipotency is ability
Totipotency is known to be present in plant cells.
Totipotency is the ability of each and every plant cell to regenerate an entirely new plant.
Totipotency is the physiological basis for reproducing plants from cuttings.
Tots TV Have fun watching video clips.
A toucan is a bird
Toucan isa bird.
Toucans adapt to their ecosystems by first finding the four resources needed for survival.
Toucans also eat insects, small reptiles and amphibians and even baby birds.
Toucans also eat insects.
Toucans also have a narrow, feather-like tongue.
Toucans also have predators such as some wild cats, larger birds, snakes and rats.
Toucans also plunder the nests of other birds looking out for nestlings and eggs.
Toucans are a pretty incredible animal.
Toucans are active foragers in the forest canopy.
Toucans are among Brazil s most beloved birds.
Toucans are among the few tropical birds that are widely known to non-ornithologists.
Toucans are apparently monogamous.
Toucans are birds with variety in color as well as the size.
Toucans are birds.
Toucans are but one of several major bird families that concentrate on fruit for their diets.
Toucans are common sights.
Toucans are considered frugivorous, meaning they eat mostly fruits and seeds.
Toucans are considered soft bill birds because the food they eat is soft.
Toucans are distinguished by large, colorful, yet lightweight bills.
Toucans are diurnal and they produce many different calls all of which are melodious.
Toucans are forgivers as well as omnivores.
Toucans are found in large numbers in the Central and South American rainforests.
Toucans are found in South and Central America in the canopy layer of the rainforest.
Toucans are gregarious.
Toucans are important seed-dispersers because they travel long distances through the forests.
Toucans are intelligent birds that enjoy playing games, like beak wrestling.
Toucans are intelligent, curious, and entertaining.
Toucans are known for their huge beaks , which can grow larger than their bodies .
Toucans are known for their huge beaks, which can grow larger than their bodies.
Toucans are likely to lay their eggs in the same hole after year.
Toucans are omnivorous birds and feed on a mixture of plants and animals .
Toucans are omnivorous, which means they eat both plant and animal matter.
Toucans are playful birds and often engage in various games.
Toucans are primarily fruit-eaters, preferring the darkest, so ripest, fruit.
Toucans are related to woodpeckers.
Toucans are social birds who like to live in flocks.
Toucans are susceptible to certain diseases when exposed and when under stress.
Toucans are territorial birds during breeding season and are very active fliers.
Toucans are tireless entertainers that can be taught a variety of tricks.
Toucans are weak flyers and glide short distances.
Toucans can use their bill to keep cool.
Toucans clean the cavity, leaving only a few chips to line the nest.
Toucans combine their extensive vocal calls with tapping and clattering sounds from their bill.
Toucans consume fruit.
Toucans develop beaks.
Toucans develop gout if they ingest too many minerals in their diet.
Toucans eat fruit by snipping it with the tip of the bill.
Toucans eat insects.
Toucans feed on fruit and use the serrated edges of their bills to cut the fruit.
Toucans fly all throughout the tropical South America to as far as northern Argentina.
Toucans form monogamous pairs.
Toucans generally have a black plumage that contrasts with their brightly colored throats and faces.
Toucans go to rest at night.
Toucans have (part) air sacs.
Toucans have (part) bird's feet.
Toucans have (part) brains.
Toucans have (part) breasts.
Toucans have (part) cell membranes.
Toucans have (part) cells.
Toucans have (part) chest cavities.
Toucans have (part) chests.
Toucans have (part) corpi.
Toucans have (part) cytoplasm.
Toucans have (part) ears.
Toucans have (part) faces.
Toucans have (part) flight feathers.
Toucans have (part) heads.
Toucans have (part) lips.
Toucans have (part) mouths.
Toucans have (part) nuclei.
Toucans have (part) plasma membranes.
Toucans have (part) quill feathers.
Toucans have (part) rib cages.
Toucans have (part) second joints.
Toucans have (part) sections.
Toucans have (part) skulls.
Toucans have (part) sterna.
Toucans have (part) talons.
Toucans have (part) vacuoles.
Toucans have (part) wishbones.
Toucans have a special liking for most varieties of tropical fruits available in the rainforests.
Toucans have a wide variety of predators including larger birds, wild cats, and humans.
Toucans have ability.
Toucans have advantage.
Toucans have bills.
Toucans have black feathers.
Toucans have brains.
Toucans have compact bodies, small wings, and short necks.
Toucans have eyesights.
Toucans have feathers.
Toucans have health issues such as hemotomachrosis that baffle even experts and avian veterinarians.
Toucans have many advantages over parrots as pets.
Toucans have plumages.
Toucans have rather slender bodies with relatively short tails.
Toucans have strike plumages.
Toucans have toes.
Toucans have tongues.
Toucans have trouble.
Toucans keep their nests clean almost all the time.
Toucans live high in the treetops around lowland rainforests.
Toucans live in habitats.
Toucans live in rainforests.
Toucans live in regions.
Toucans live in small flocks of five or six birds.
Toucans live in South America.
Toucans live in the rainforests of Eastern South America.
Toucans live in the tropical rain forest of South America.
Toucans live in tropical and subtropical rainforests.
Toucans live in tropical rainforests.
Toucans make easier pets for the novice bird enthusiast than parrots.
Toucans make excellent pets.
Toucans make homes in tropical and montane rainforest habitats.
Toucans make their homes in holes in trees.
Toucans mate in the spring and usually remain monogamous for the duration of the breeding season.
Toucans mate once per year.
Toucans nest in holes high in trees.
Toucans nest in holes in trees.
Toucans nest in natural tree cavities.
Toucans nest in the hollows of trees.
Toucans occasionally wrestle using their bills.
Toucans preen one another, particularly on the head and nape, with the tip of the bill.
Toucans prefer brightly colored fruits that are easy to locate.
Toucans prefer to remain high in the trees and hop from branch to branch.
Toucans prefer to stay high in the treetops.
Toucans protect themselves in a number of ways.
Toucans raise a single brood and probably remain mated throughout the year.
Toucans roost in holes in trees .
Toucans roost in holes in trees.
Toucans roost throughout the year in holes of trees, often old woodpecker holes.
Toucans spend most of their life high in the treetops.
Toucans turn heads.
Toucans use bills.
Toucans use their beaks to toss food to each other.
Toucans use their bills to snip off fruit which they then toss whole into their throats.
Toucans vary in size, depending on the species.
Toucans often live in small flocks of about a dozen birds or fewer.
Toucans often suffer from an iron storage disease.
Toucans usually live in pairs or small flocks.
Toucans usually use their huge, often colorful bills to eat fruit.
All toucans are inhabitants of South America, though some are found as far north as Mexico.
Many toucans are captured for the pet trade or for use as stuffed trophies to hang on a wall.
Many toucans roost in tree cavities.
Many toucans suffer from an iron storage disease called hemochromatosis.
Most toucans are black and yellow.
Most toucans are canopy specialists in tropical or montane rainforest.
Most toucans consume fruit.
Most toucans develop beaks.
Most toucans eat insects.
Most toucans have ability.
Most toucans have advantage.
Most toucans have bills.
Most toucans have black feathers.
Most toucans have brains.
Most toucans have eyesights.
Most toucans have feathers.
Most toucans have plumages.
Most toucans have strike plumages.
Most toucans have toes.
Most toucans have tongues.
Most toucans have trouble.
Most toucans live in habitats.
Most toucans live in rainforests.
Most toucans live in regions.
Most toucans live in tropical rainforests.
Most toucans live year round in the same area.
Most toucans nest in tree holes.
Most toucans turn heads.
Most toucans use bills.
Some toucans eat berries.
Some toucans eat fruit.
Some toucans eat spiders.
Some toucans have beaks.
Some toucans have ecological roles.
Some toucans have important ecological roles.
Some toucans have important roles.
Some toucans have roles.
Some toucans take flight.
A toucanet is a toucan
Toucanets encompass two genera.
A touch football is a football
Touch football is also very popular around the country.
Touch move is a rule.
Touch of class serves the Edmonton and surronding areas.
Touch pad is centered between left and right key sections and has cursor keys ringing the touch pad.
Touch pads range from the size of a pack of matches to that of a small wallet.
A touch screen is a computer display
Touch screen achieves more space saving by eliminating the use of a keyboard.
Touch screen is superb.
Touch screens allow someone to move the cursor by touching the screen directly.
Touch screens are a great example.
Touch screens are computer screens.
Touch screens are great for cause and effect and software applications that require direct select .
Touch screens are much more expensive than other systems.
Touch screens can also accommodate people who are blind and disabled.
Touch screens employ one of three physics principles for detecting the point of touch.
Touch screens leave a smear from fingertips, possibly giving indications of previous voting trends.
Touch screens make choices clear and optical scanners make counting votes quick and reliable.
Touch screens work with any software that uses a mouse.
Some touch screens use an overlay that can affect the quality of the image.
Touch sensors allow reactions to a users deliberate actions.
Touch sensors are among the most basic and reliable sensors available.
Touch sensors require a motor connection wire.
A touch typing is a typing
Touch typing are typing.
Touch typing is a good example.
Touch typing is introduced to third grade and is reinforced in grades four, five and six.
Touch typing is recommended.
Touch typing is taught in Fifth Grade.
Touch typing is taught using the teacher directed alphabetic method.
Touch typing is the real-time transfer of human ideas to the computer.
Touch typing makes it easy and even fun.
Touch typing requires that the thumb be held ready over the space bar.
Touch typists can do so much more in fewer hours, allowing time to devote to other interests.
Most touch typists can learn it after only a minute or two of experimentation.
Touch aggravates many symptoms.
Touch allows to synchronize both positions.
Touch becomes more enhanced, things just simply feel better to touch, taste, see, smell, and feel.
Touch becomes more sensitive.
Touch becomes rhythm.
Touch breaks down into many aspects, including pressure sensing.
Touch brings back memories, too.
Touch can be a powerful means of communication.
Touch can be a powerful sex enhancer.
Touch can be a powerful sexual arousal technique.
Touch can be a solace, an inspiration, a lifeline.
Touch can be the best communication.
Touch can be the vehicle to spiritual planes of the heart and soul or into our darkest fears.
Touch can be therapeutic.
Touch can be with finger tips or the whole palm.
Touch can convey messages of status and power, support, consolation, or sexual intimacy.
Touch can decrease blood pressure and heart rate.
Touch Can tell if a surface is hot or cold.
Touch creates human emotions and feelings.
Touch dare across few television sets.
Touch deals with how a player handles the ball.
Touch elbow to knee.
Touch elbow to opposite knee.
Touch emanating from enhanced verticality is experienced as having a higher voltage.
Touch engages inside the event meanwhile guess dallas mavericks collectibles.
Touch enter Sale around whatever tire into all band.
Touch evokes a sensory response.
Touch helps to open the door.
Touch here Accept it.
Touch is acts.
Touch is almost as important as tone.
Touch is almost self-explanatory.
Touch is also a common sense that dolphins use for their social needs to be met and more.
Touch is also an important sense in walrus communities.
Touch is also critical in techniques that people who are visually impaired use for travel.
Touch is also involved in eating.
Touch is also something that fathers can provide.
Touch is also very important.
Touch is always important in making a contact.
Touch is always important in massage.
Touch is an occurrence
Touch is attacks.
Touch is awareness.
Touch is basic to human life - just like air, water and nutrition.
Touch is capable of abstract concepts.
Touch is classic nonverbal communication.
Touch is communication that transcends ears, eyes, and culture.
Touch is contact.
Touch is cost-effective.
Touch is creation.
Touch is critically important, and accessibility.
Touch is crucial to an infant's development.
Touch is crucial to the regulation of the stress-response system.
Touch is difficult.
Touch is easy to integrate.
Touch is energy.
Touch is essential for health and well-being.
Touch is essential for myriad behaviors that range from avoiding bodily harm to social exchange.
Touch is essential.
Touch is everything.
Touch is everywhere.
Touch is exceptional.
Touch is harder still.
Touch is highly important in foreplay because our skin is our largest sexual organ.
Touch is intimate, loving, healing and supportive.
Touch is life giving.
Touch is love, presence is warmth.
Touch is manners.
Touch is meaningful.
Touch is more durable.
Touch is more fun.
Touch is mysteriously therapeutic.
Touch is perceptions.
Touch is perhaps the most important thing.
Touch is powerful medicine.
Touch is powerful.
Touch is real.
Touch is really our first language.
Touch is rivers.
Touch is so important.
Touch is so natural that without it people become depressed and irritable.
Touch is so very important.
Touch is solicitations.
Touch is still important.
Touch is such a primal part of being human.
Touch is suggestions.
Touch is therefore a path for the self-referral flow of awareness.
Touch is to experience and the only way to overcome our loneliness.
Touch is versatile.
Touch is via their vibrissae or long whiskers.
Touch is vitally important to healing.
Touch is warm and loving and vital to well being.
Touch isa happening.
Touch isa occurrence.
Touch leads to blossom and to the paradoxical empty-fullness of the field.
Touch lives while training.
Touch Look for a piano that has a even action throughout the entire keyboard.
Touch means contact, a relationship with what lies outside our own periphery.
Touch means so much.
Touch obey near several treatment unless visit basketball mounting frame.
Touch permits more vivid games.
Touch plays an important role in the development of interpersonal trust .
Touch reduces downtime.
Touch reduces machine downtime.
Touch refers to the puppy s willingness to be touched by people.
Touch requires closeness or nearness while vision is distancing.
Touch seems to be residing in visual areas.
Touch seems to be very important for manatees.
Touch STOP to finish stitch pattern at end and tie off automatically.
Touch strengthens the bond between parent and child.
Touch then is the primary sense of self- knowledge.
Touch toning Most people love to get a massage, especially after a hard day's ride.
Touch toothpick to center of face for each eye.
Touch typing on a typewriter or computer keyboard is the best way to write letters.
Touch typing on conventional keyboard requires both hands operation.
Touch uses joints, tendons and muscles.
Touch utilizes clearly-defined menus, instead of complex instructions.
Touches are important.
Touches have to be made with at least a pound of pressure to count.
All touch now reverberates ecstatic union.
Any touch is a hit, which encourages a finesse style of combat.
Every touch elicits a reaction of some sort.
Some touch triggers explosions.
Some touches are ingenious.
Some touches improve the novel by making it funny.
Transparencies Use only laser-printer rated transparencies in any of the printers in the lab.
Transparencies win hands-down in terms of scanning ease.
Transparencies work well in the studio classroom so long as large type is used.
Transparency actually leads to better policy outcomes.
Transparency aims at performance in terms of learnability and functionality.
Transparency allows for layers in the background to display through the higher layers.
Transparency allows full integration with existing wired network.
Transparency allows map features to be seen underneath the compass.
Transparency allows problems, opportunities and issues to be discussed openly.
Transparency allows problems, opportunities, and issues to be discussed openly.
Transparency also applies to layers, groups of objects, knockout shapes, stroke and fill.
Transparency brings to light facts and scorches rumors.
Transparency can be a useful indicator for overall water quality.
Transparency can be both useful and harmful.
Transparency can enhance economic performance in a variety of ways.
Transparency can help prevent insider deals that undercut fair competition.
Transparency can help to reduce disputes concerning trademarks and even prevent fraud.
Transparency can make many people uncomfortable, can trigger destructive reactions.
Transparency can only replace one shade, however.
Transparency coefficients in percents.
Transparency comes in a range of forms, down to employing smart investor and press relations.
Transparency connotes light cotton.
Transparency continues to be an issue for both foreign and domestic firms.
Transparency controls to superimpose images on top of each other.
Transparency creates real technical and economic competition.
Transparency denotes free access to governmental political and economic activities and decisions.
Transparency depends on the method of analysis chosen.
Transparency drives differential pricing.
Transparency entails a price.
Transparency entails the low-cost access to relevant information.
Transparency goes down as conflict goes up.
Transparency greatly reduces file size.
Transparency helps ensure no important information is kept secret.
Transparency helps markets function better.
Transparency helps protect phyllosomes and the puerulus from predators.
Transparency helps to build trust in the electoral process.
Transparency helps to ensure that like cases are treated alike.
Transparency here is in reference to the fiber that carries so much of the data.
Transparency interleaving is also available.
Transparency involves ensuring access to relevant in-formation at low cost.
Transparency is a basic tenet of open societies and good governance.
Transparency is a big part of their work.
Transparency is a concern in other areas.
Transparency is a different kettle of fish altogether.
Transparency is a dissolve of the diffuse color alone.
Transparency is a fundamental organizing principle of markets.
Transparency is a key component of effective competition.
Transparency is a key ingredient in peer pressure.
Transparency is a key.
Transparency is a little wider.
Transparency is a major design movement.
Transparency is a major issue.
Transparency is a media literacy site making all forms of media transparent to visitors.
Transparency is a new idea here.
Transparency is a positive image in black and white or color, which is produced on transparent film.
Transparency is a prerequisite to the continued success of banking and related services.
Transparency is a very vague word and can mean different things to different people.
Transparency is a word that has taken on many related meanings nowadays.
Transparency is a worthy goal of any market, but so is liquidity.
Transparency is absolutely essential if the suppression of piracy is to move forward.
Transparency is achieved by distributing the source code for all the benchmarks.
Transparency is all about letting in and embracing new ideas, new technology and new approaches.
Transparency is almost always the best choice.
Transparency is also a key value under-lying the development of the international trading system.
Transparency is also an international concern.
Transparency is also important as a way of limiting the herd instinct of investors.
Transparency is also important for the government's credibility within the international community.
Transparency is an abstract benefit, even more so than 'knowledge management' itself.
Transparency is an enormously important element in the smooth functioning of any society.
Transparency is an essential component of restoring public confidence and redirecting resources.
Transparency is an important element in the sound management of modern economy.
Transparency is an important factor in the practices of stock markets.
Transparency is an indicator of the impact of human activity on the land surrounding the lake.
Transparency is an over-used word in our business but it is appropriate.
Transparency is an unusual concept when it comes to defense.
Transparency is and remains the crucial requirement whether at domestic or external level.
Transparency is another big helper too.
Transparency is another challenge.
Transparency is another easy effect.
Transparency is another feature that comes late in the game to Illustrator.
Transparency is central to increasing the level of public trust in sound science.
Transparency is clear explanation with sincere intentionality.
Transparency is critical for credibility .
Transparency is critical for economic and political success.
Transparency is critical to establishing trust in decision making.
Transparency is critical when analyzing re-registration eligibility decisions.
Transparency is derived through a gray scale or color that dictates the level of transparency.
Transparency is designated by using a mask and a threshold setting.
Transparency is equally important to the participants in the procedure and to outside bodies.
Transparency is essential in helping restore fair distribution of the consumer dollar.
Transparency is essential throughout the entire risk analysis process.
Transparency is essential to effective liberalisation.
Transparency is essential to facilitate international business and commerce.
Transparency is essential to the prevention of torture.
Transparency is essential.
Transparency is excellent from the front that has just come through.
Transparency is extremely important in encouraging participation.
Transparency is fine where there is real information content to be revealed.
Transparency is forced through all matter.
Transparency is fundamental to our privatization process.
Transparency is good from the edge of the city.
Transparency is important for consumer confidence.
Transparency is important to establish an atmosphere of trust and confidence.
Transparency is important.
Transparency is increasingly important for today's securities markets.
Transparency is key to cross-border information sharing.
Transparency is key.
Transparency is more difficult to fake.
Transparency is more feasible in a climate of tranquillity, trust and openness.
Transparency is necessary to reduce market distortions.
Transparency is needed on both sides.
Transparency is needed.
Transparency is no longer the default.
Transparency is obtained by assigning one color to be transparent.
Transparency is one of our guiding pronciple.
Transparency is one of the key issues in corporate governance.
Transparency is one of the most desirable traits of a social security system.
Transparency is one of the most powerful consumer tools.
Transparency is one of the program's main objectives.
Transparency is one of the requirements of democracy.
Transparency is one technique used to make more interesting presentations.
Transparency is only one element of good governance.
Transparency is only one facet of the development of the accountancy profession.
Transparency is only one prerequisite among many.
Transparency is opaque in massive form and translucent in crystalline forms.
Transparency is opaque.
Transparency is paramount.
Transparency is particularly common in the shallower and better-lit parts of the mesopelagic.
Transparency is required by a number of different laws.
Transparency is restored and the printing on the card disappears.
Transparency is saved in different ways by different graphics file formats.
Transparency is still buggy.
Transparency is still dead.
Transparency is still more of a slogan than a reality.
Transparency is the ability to peer into the recording.
Transparency is the best defense against belligerent governments such as the one in Eritrea.
Transparency is the best tool for nuclear safety.
Transparency is the death knell of the industry.
Transparency is the first order of business.
Transparency is the first step in earning leadership credentials.
Transparency is the foundation of trust.
Transparency is the idea of open, candid and honest information.
Transparency is the inverse of the typical graphics alpha-blending.
Transparency is the key word.
Transparency is the key.
Transparency is the new watchword.
Transparency is the path.
Transparency Is the Path.
Transparency is the proper goal.
Transparency is the symbol of purity.
Transparency is the theme of the day.
Transparency is the watchword - transparency of the thought process.
Transparency is therefore an important precondition for democracy.
Transparency is thus an important element to the efficient functioning of markets.
Transparency is transparent to translucent.
Transparency is used in graphics appropriately.
Transparency is used to affect the transparency of a surface.
Transparency is vital in a community that is aspiring to be synergistic and intentional.
Transparency is what it is.
Transparency is when one color is masked out.
Transparency is within proposal limits.
Transparency is, therefore, essential.
Transparency isa phenomenon.
Transparency leads to trust and illustrates an organization's neutrality.
Transparency lies at the heart of the project.
Transparency Make anything from tables to images semi to fully alpha transparent.
Transparency makes it possible.
Transparency means information is available as it is developed.
Transparency means more efficient markets, more trading, and more business for bond dealers.
Transparency means more than just putting the findings on the Internet.
Transparency means that the information or data transmitted through the apparatus remains unchanged.
Transparency means the way in which the concrete world dissolves into near-emptiness.
Transparency needs to be part of the new scheme.
Transparency only occurs if there is a non-zero filter or transmit value in the color.
Transparency opens up the mind to reality.
Transparency pays in the form of clearer results.
Transparency pervades the whole painting and colors are softly blended.
Transparency refers to the clarity and accessibility of the procedures and outcomes of the system.
Transparency refers to the degree that light can pass through a mineral.
Transparency refers to the detailed information provided about the methods and process used.
Transparency remains a key feature of the proposal review process.
Transparency remains, for now.
Transparency requires that there are clear rules that are applied correctly.
Transparency requires timely and readily accessibility of relevant information.
Transparency seems to stop working if memory gets tight, like with big models.
Transparency shows a dress through the other, gives it to the other.
Transparency still dominates the trend.
Transparency tends to produce a closer spatial relationship.
Transparency therefore is already well established.
Transparency wipes that out.
Transparency works just fine in software.
Transparency works well.
Transparency works with simple diagrammatic graphics, and with complex shapes.
All transparencies are hand focused.
All transparencies are in the pdf file format .
More transparency is critical and broader participation is vital.
More transparency is necessary.
Some transparencies have cassette tapes for narration.
Transparent accountability is part of their daily work.
Transparent albite is softer.
Transparent authentication occurs when the software provides a user name and password automatically.
Transparent background is another option that is especially useful for use with logos.
Transparent backgrounds appear white.
Transparent backgrounds help to make images look as if they belong.
Some transparent backgrounds view differently in Netscape.
Transparent bags allow contents to be seen without removal.
Transparent body allows illumination.
Transparent bridges build a table that determines a host's accessibility.
Transparent bridges choose a new path per frame.
Transparent bridges interconnect two or more segments.
Transparent caches are especially useful to ISPs because they require no browser setup modification.
Transparent clays can develop tiny flaws while firing.
Transparent color helps to even out skin tone.
Transparent colors are also available on request.
Transparent colors are see-thrus in red, fluorescents, yellow, amber, green and blue.
Transparent cover allows microscopic examination without removal.
Transparent cover is good.
Transparent covers provide the essence of innocence.
Transparent design permits easy visual check.
Transparent dyes are the only treatments applied to the hide to give it color.
Transparent ellipses increase it.
Transparent eyelids cover eyes.
Most transparent eyelids cover eyes.
Transparent film is desirable because it eliminates the print process in print film.
Transparent film protects paint and trim.
Some transparent films generate energy.
All transparent finishes come with a beautiful flamed maple top.
Transparent formula allows colors and markings to remain visible on protected metal.
Transparent housing makes viewing air bubbles and fill levels easy.
Transparent images work best when set to remove transparent color by background.
Transparent images work the best.
Transparent immediacy becomes a reaction against the power and function of mediation.
Transparent indifference is the world's understanding.
Transparent inks produce a very faint, subtle image.
Transparent lids are suitable for viewing food contents.
Transparent material allows instant, mistake-proof product identification.
Transparent materials bend light.
Transparent materials helps to understand the weld solidification .
Some transparent materials absorb heat.
Some transparent materials absorb solar heat.
Some transparent membranes cover ears.
Some transparent membranes cover eyes.
Some transparent membranes protect eyes.
Transparent minds comes complete with jumbo cards in plastic, silks and transparent bag.
Transparent objects allow light to pass through essentially unimpeded.
Transparent objects contain a much lower dark density, and thus produce weaker shadows.
Transparent objects produce secondary rays either by reflection or refraction.
Most transparent objects are somewhat reflective as well.
Transparent ones make it easier to find gear, but solid color boxes are stronger.
Transparent overlays assist planning.
Transparent oxides do no better than any other pigment with respect to protection from the sun.
Transparent pages help to convey information about the ladybug.
Transparent pages Make sure the important links are the first links the users see.
Transparent particles look different against different backgrounds.
Transparent pathways curl around the dome and lead back to the ground.
Transparent pigments tend to yield satisfactory results with greater ease and reproducibility.
Most transparent pigments are natural minerals reduced to pigment particle size.
Transparent plastics are a niche market and encompass many types of polymers.
Transparent problem is fixed.
Transparent proxies are quite common.
Transparent rectangles are sometimes helpful for controlling spacing of items on a page.
Transparent replication is another advantage.
Transparent screens prevent losses while the door is open.
Transparent sides drop into place and allow for functions in any weather.
Transparent silicon offers better vision, as there is more light entering the eyes.
Transparent soap is made easily remeltable by the addition of common chemicals.
Some transparent solutions attempt to identify users with a protocol known as identd or authd .
Transparent spots appear in each chromosome.
Transparent spots are small in the male, large in the female.
Transparent stains contain less pigment than semitransparent stains and provide a more natural look.
Transparent tank shows water level.
Transparent tape is also another tool used by paybox looters.
Transparent tape placed over the object works well to attach an object to the index card.
Transparent tears ride the black horses of tonight.
Transparent technology means succeeding in spite of the technology.
Transparent textures work too.
Transparent Things is also fairly simple.
Transparent variants colonize the nasopharynx but are avirulent.
Transparent walls mean easy monitoring of development.
Some transparent walls are made of hydrate silica.
Some transparent walls are made of silica.
Transparent water flows in streams and drops majestically from high waterfalls.
Transparent watercolors come in cakes, tubes, or pans.
Transpersonal counseling uses many different approaches at the same time.
Transpersonal ecology represents one particular kind of approach to ecocentric ecology.
Transpersonal education stands for an integration of critical and contemplative thinking.
Transpersonal experiences have a very special position in the cartography of the human psyche.
Transpersonal experiences tend to be informative in a very global way.
Transpersonal psychology does more that just throw new light on the problem of the world crisis.
Transpersonal psychology has benefits for both psychology and the spiritual disciplines.
Transpersonal psychology is a psychology of human development.
Transpersonal psychology is a psychology that goes through the personal to the transpersonal.
Transpersonal psychology is about dualism, trans meaning beyond, beyond the personal.
Transpersonal psychology is an approach to the whole person.
Transpersonal psychology is depth psychology.
Transpersonal psychology is strongly multicultural.
Transpersonal psychology is the future norm in psychology, as yet unrecognized by the mainstream.
Transpersonal psychology recognizes and studies the different states and stations of consciousness.
Transpersonal psychology stands at the interface of psychology and spiritual experience.
Transpersonal psychology stands at the interface of psychology and spirituality.
Much transpersonal psychotherapy focuses on developing the capacity to see.
Transpiration also cools plants and enables the flow of mineral nutrients from roots to shoots .
Transpiration also cools plants and enables the flow of mineral nutrients from roots to shoots.
Transpiration also creates water demand in plants.
Transpiration appears to be an adaptation that cools a plant.
Transpiration assists the plant in absorbing nutrients from the soil as soluble salts .
Transpiration can also indirectly reduce soil erosion by reducing streamflow during storms.
Transpiration cooling offers some potential for cooling an engine cowl leading edge.
Transpiration depends on environmental factors.
Transpiration depends on factors.
Transpiration evaporates the water into the air so that it can fall as rain.
Transpiration exerts a pull on the water column within the xylem.
Transpiration gives evaporation a bit of a hand in getting the water vapor back up into the air.
Transpiration happens when the sun warms the water inside the blade.
Transpiration happens when the water soaked up by plants evaporate into the air.
Transpiration has effects.
Transpiration helps cool plants, but is also involved in moving nutrients from root to leaf.
Transpiration includes water evaporated from leaf and other plant surfaces.
Transpiration involves osmosis.
Transpiration is an action
Transpiration is another important part of the water cycle.
Transpiration is calculated by multiplying PET values by an empirically derived co- efficient.
Transpiration is defined as the loss of water from plants in the form of vapor.
Transpiration is dependant on plant type, density of vegetation, growth stage.
Transpiration is evaporation from the surface of plants.
Transpiration is evaporation of liquid water from plants and trees into the atmosphere.
Transpiration is like evaporation, but it occurs in living things like plants and animals.
Transpiration is natural processes.
Transpiration is relatively independent of body temperature, up to some point.
Transpiration is simply the evaporation of water through plant membranes.
Transpiration is supported by four critical factors.
Transpiration is term given to the loss of water from the shoot of the plant.
Transpiration is the biological process that occurs mostly in the day.
Transpiration is the evaporation of vapor from a plant, especially the leaves.
Transpiration is the evaporation of water from plant leaves.
Transpiration is the evaporation of water from plant tissues into the atmosphere.
Transpiration is the evaporation of water from stems, leaves, and other plant parts.
Transpiration is the evaporation of water from the aerial parts of a plant.
Transpiration is the evaporation of water through plants.
Transpiration is the evaporation, or loss of water vapor, from the leaves.
Transpiration is the evaporative loss of water vapour from a land plant.
Transpiration is the event in which plants lose water vapor to the atmosphere.
Transpiration is the fancy name for how plants cool themselves.
Transpiration is the loss of oxygen through a plant's leaves.
Transpiration is the loss of water from the leaves and stems of the plant.
Transpiration is the loss of water vapor by plants.
Transpiration is the loss of water vapor from the plant surface.
Transpiration is the loss of water via evaporation through pores on the stems and leaves of plants.
Transpiration is the main process of water movement within plant tissues.
Transpiration is the movement of water through a plant to the atmosphere.
Transpiration is the process by which a plant loses water, primarily through leaf stomata.
Transpiration is the process by which leaves regulate water loss.
Transpiration is the process by which plants consume water.
Transpiration is the process by which plants lose water out of their leaves.
Transpiration is the process by which plants lose water, mainly from their leaves.
Transpiration is the process by which plants return moisture to the air.
Transpiration is the process by which water evaporates from a plant's leaves and stems.
Transpiration is the process of water evaporation through the leaves.
Transpiration is the process of water loss from plants through stomata .
Transpiration is the way plants use water to carry nutrients through their structure.
Transpiration is when plants exchange water for carbon dioxide.
Transpiration is when water is taken from the living things like plants and animals.
Transpiration isa process.
Transpiration moves amounts.
Transpiration occurs as long as stomates are open.
Transpiration occurs at same time.
Transpiration occurs at time.
Transpiration occurs by way of the stomata of leaves.
Transpiration occurs in leaves after being separated from the tree.
Transpiration occurs mainly through a plant's stomates.
Transpiration occurs more quickly at higher temperatures due to increased evaporation.
Transpiration occurs mostly at stomata , tiny epidermal passageways of leaves and stems.
Transpiration occurs when leaves use carbon dioxide to produce carbohydrates through photosynthesis.
Transpiration plays several important roles in keeping the plant alive.
Transpiration pull theory is the proposed mechanism by which trees draw water through their roots.
Transpiration refers to the expiration of water through the minute pores or stomata of trees.
Transpiration refers to the process that plants use to cool themselves.
Transpiration replaces oxygen and water vapor in the air.
Transpiration requires that liquid water evaporate, which has a cooling effect.
Transpiration takes place when water passes through the leaves of plants.
Most transpiration depends on environmental factors.
Most transpiration depends on factors.
Most transpiration has effects.
Most transpiration involves osmosis.
Most transpiration moves amounts.
Most transpiration occurs at same time.
Most transpiration occurs at time.
Some transpiration contributes to constant rainfall.
Some transpiration creates pressure.
Some transpiration exceeds uptake.
Some transpiration exceeds water uptake.
Some transpiration increases atmospheric humidity.
Some transpiration increases humidity.
Transpirational pull depends upon the creation of negative pressure.
Transpirational pull takes place at the leaves.
Transplacental infection is common and occurs with high efficiency.
Transplacental infection occurs when a woman has a primary infection.
Transplacental transmission is also possible, but unlikely.
Transplacental transmission occurs.
Transplant age influences summer squash growth and yield.
True tolerance tolerates more than just a narrow version of itself.
True Toon Visit the official True toons site for more.
Some true toucans including toucanets and aracaris are known to occupy the secondary vegetation.
True trace is when all the oil and all the lye have reacted together and there is no separation.
True tragedy is said to be the catastrophic conclusion to good intentions.
True transcendentalists have no interest in mundane material life.
True transformation is, after all, a pathless path.
True trees are rare, and shrubs are common.
True twins result from simultaneous fertilization of one ovum by two sperm.
True Types are unacceptable because of their tendency to close up and reduce legibility.
True uncertainty is incapable of quantification and insurability.
True understanding becomes difficult.
True understanding comes from practice of the solo form.
True understanding involves identification with humanity.
True understanding involves much more of an explanation than just a name.
True understanding is actual practice itself.
True understanding is to embody the truth in one's being.
True Understanding is Transcendence.
True understanding is transformation.
True understanding occurs when students construct their own meaning from what they read and hear.
True understanding requires an appreciation of a wide variety of methods and systems.
True understanding requires personal effort and time.
True understanding shifts the entire relationship.
True understanding starts with comparison.
True unification is true love unification.
True unity begins with truth.
True unity depend on both love and truth.
True unity is a distinguishing trait of the New Testament church.
True Unity is a wonderful book with an extreme volume of information.
True unity is based on the truth.
True unity is based on truth.
True unity transcends differences.
True usefulness is the great bugaboo of such high-tech schemes and outstanding ideas.
True user shells Many servers hardwire the user interface into the server.
True validation has investigative, therapeutic, and evidentiary value.
True value can never go out of style.
True value refers to long-run economic value as opposed to accounting or market value.
True value requires choosing to accept and identify with someone from among other possibilities.
True values can be any non-zero number, the word TRUE, the text 'true' and 'yes'.
True values remain the same, because the nature and destiny of man remain the same.
All true vamps have their own time line in their awakening and the development of any abilities.
True Variables can change variable types.
True veal is usually plentiful in the spring and late winter.
True vegetarians eat adequate protein via tofu, nuts, beans, peanut butter and other plant foods.
True vermilion is quite beautiful but expensive and has questionable permanence.
True vertigo is a sensation that the patient is spinning or the world is whirling by.
True vertigo is most often due to an inner ear disorder.
True video is very similar to audio files with some of the same problems.
True violets are deep-rooting outdoor plants that thrive in partial shade to full sun.
True vipers eat small animals, including lizards, mice, insects, voles and birds.
True virtue entails finding a mean or balance between the intellectual and moral aspects of virtue.
True virtue is motivated by values that are outside the child.
True virtue is the expression of the disposition of created being.
True virtue is the property of the aristocratic few whose power and well being are the goal.
True virtue occurs when actions flow forth naturally and without conscious effort or thought.
True virtue requires action beyond enlightened self-interest.
True vision is a lot more than goal-setting or becoming more resourceful and innovative.
True vision is granted only to the few.
True vision is then impossible.
True visionaries are healthy and balanced.
True visionaries are special - and so is their powdered blender drink.
True vocation joins self and service.
True volunteers are passionate.
True vomit is semi-digested food.
True warriors bow deeply, sadly, and humbly.
True wealth comes from Spiritual growth.
True wealth is a state of mind.
True wealth is community stability.
True wealth is created within the community.
True wealth is found in physical wealth.
True wealth is made every day by men getting up out of bed and going to work.
True wealth looks different for different people.
True Web is unstable, for one thing.
True weightlessness occurs when there is an absence of gravitational force on an object.
True wellness addresses the body, mind and spirit.
True wellness is created by establishing a state of balance and harmony within.
True wellness starts with an optimally functioning nervous system.
True whitening is hard to come by.
True wholeness comes from filling our holes from the inside out.
True wholeness have a spiritual dimension.
True wicker is solid material and woven onto or into the framework.
True wind is the wind that is blowing naturally.
True windsocks are important indicators of wind direction used at airports and marinas.
True wine is made by fermenting grapes, and perhaps other fruit.
True winners generate innovation as well.
True winners show their strength regardless of the circumstances.
True wisdom come from above.
True wisdom comes with happy resolve .
True wisdom is a qualitative value built on a quantitative foundation.
True wisdom is attached to the substance, False wisdom to the shadow.
True wisdom is balanced by gentleness and control.
True wisdom is fondness of truth, without guile or dissimulation.
True wisdom is from above.
True wisdom is less presuming than folly.
True wisdom is natural and supernatural.
True wisdom is the clarity of equality.
True wisdom is the father of mercy and understanding.
True wisdom is to be found here.
True wisdom is without discrimination and is always at one with the environment.
True wisdom leads to a deeper engagement with the world.
True wisdom lies in gathering the precious things out of each day as it goes by.
True wisdom seems foolish.
All true wisdom is found on t-shirts and bumper stickers.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts and bumper stickers.
All true wisdom is found on t-shirts.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
True Women are at particular risk for osteoporosis.
True words are as silver, pure, sintered, seven times refined.
True words are enduring spirits.
True words become true deeds.
True words seem paradoxical.
True work comes with time and perseverance.
True Work is the necessity of poor humanity's earthly condition.
True worship begins with who is being worshipped.
True worship can lead to controversy.
True worship can never be a rehearsal of someone else's experience or tradition.
True worship comes from people who are deeply emotional and who love deep and sound doctrine.
True worship demands new birth.
True worship goes beyond the four walls of the sanctuary.
True worship has no room for a spectating heart.
True worship humbles the heart.
True worship is a force for living.
True worship is a way of life.
True worship is always a sacrifice and no one sacrifices without a reason.
True worship is Bible-based.
True worship is characterized by both awe and intimacy.
True worship is emotional, stirring and motivating, and based upon the truth.
True worship is in spirit and truth.
True worship is intelligent.
True worship is intended to produce obedience.
True worship is more than setting aside a few minutes each day to read the Bible and pray.
True worship is one of the central ingredients of a healthy mind.
True worship is orderly.
True worship is spiritual.
True worship is the key.
True worship is with the mind.
True worship produces true service, and every other activity is likewise derived from it.
True worship provides nourishment for the mind, body and soul.
True worship reveals our dogmas in simplicity.
True worship starts in the heart.
True worshippers have a pure heart .
Every true worshipper is tested.
True writers write because they have to, they have no choice.
True yams are cream colored inside while sweet potatoes are dark orange.
True zeal is characterized by diligence and a sense of urgency.
A true is alignment
TRUE can be one statement or many statements.
TRUE Come for a day, a week, or longer, and enjoy visiting our towns.
TRUE indicates double size.
TRUE indicates original size.
TRUE indicates the array was long enough to hold the continued fraction.
TRUE is a constant that denotes true.
TRUE is posted on the net each weekend, about a week after each column's header date.
TRUE is returned only if the intersection is actually between the endpoints.
TRUE is returned.
TRUE is the correct answer.
TRUE is the default.
TRUE is to be returned if a value has been read successfully.
TRUE makes it break lines if text exceeds the widget's size.
Trues are alignment.
TruEarth models are efficiently and cost-effectively produced.
Truer colors are hard to come by.
Truer numbers come from hospitals and coroners.
Some truffle oils are made with truffle residues incurred during collection or preparation for sale.
A truffle is candy
Truffle isa fungus.
Truffles add spectacular, soups and bisques, pastry, bacon or pancetta.
Truffles are a ball-shaped candy made of chocolate, butter, sugar, and sometimes liqueur.
Truffles are a lovely addition to a cookie platter.
Truffles are a seasonal crop that can only be harvested for a short period each year.
Truffles are also a good, but costly, source of iron.
Truffles are also an important part of the food chain via mycophagy .
Truffles are also well known as an aphrodisiac.
Truffles are an example of passive dispersal by animals.
Truffles are best when served at room temperature.
Truffles are black.
Truffles are candy.
Truffles are classified as fungi.
Truffles are dispersed by animals.
Truffles are fungi that grow in the soil.
Truffles are funguses.
Truffles are located in trees.
Truffles are nicer.
Truffles are notoriously hard to grow.
Truffles are one of the most expensive foods in the world.
Truffles are produced below ground, so they have to be unearthed to be dispersed.
Truffles are rare and difficult to find.
Truffles are rare, and are notoriously difficult to detect even with the aid of detector animals.
Truffles are some of the most nutritious mushroom available.
Truffles are subterranean fungi.
Truffles are subterranean tree- huggers.
Truffles are the ascocarps, or fruiting bodies, of the mycorrhizal ascomycetous fungus.
Truffles are the fruiting body of a fungus.
Truffles are the fruiting structures of ascomycetes in the genus Tuber.
Truffles are the underground fruiting bodies of mycorrhizal fungi.
Truffles are the underground fruits of some types of fungi.
Truffles are underground fungi that bear the spores of so-called ectomycorrhizal fungi.
Truffles are unusually high in glutamates.
Truffles are vegetables.
Truffles are widespread in distribution and are found in a wide variety of habitats.
Truffles come from different continents.
Truffles contain spores for reproduction the way an apple contains apple seeds.
Truffles contain water.
Truffles continue to ripen after having been harvested.
Truffles dry a lot faster if they are cut in half first.
Truffles establish a symbiotic relationship with the roots of such trees as oaks.
Truffles flourish in open woodland on calcareous soil .
Truffles grow entirely under ground and are nosed out by specially trained pigs and dogs.
Truffles grow from spores.
Truffles grow hidden among their roots.
Truffles grow in forests and most of the area's forests have been cut down.
Truffles grow underground in a mutually-advantageous relationship with the roots of trees.
Truffles grow underground in association with certain trees.
Truffles grow underground on or near the roots of trees.
Truffles grow wild, underground, usually at the base of an oak tree.
Truffles have (part) cell membranes.
Truffles have (part) cells.
Truffles have (part) corpi.
Truffles have (part) cytoplasm.
Truffles have (part) hyphae.
Truffles have (part) myceliums.
Truffles have (part) nuclei.
Truffles have (part) plasma membranes.
Truffles have (part) sections.
Truffles have (part) vacuoles.
Truffles have a highly appreciated earthy, garlicky, mushroomy flavor.
Truffles have a pungent, almost magical flavor that is greatly appreciated among gourmets.
Truffles have benefits.
Truffles have flavor.
Truffles have flavour.
Truffles have non-slip soles, full leather uppers, and fully cushioned insoles with arch support.
Truffles have odor.
Truffles have strong flavor.
Truffles have types.
Truffles keep fresh longer when they are unwashed and refrigerated.
Truffles prized by gourmets are underground ascocarps of mycelia that are mycorrhizal on tree roots.
Truffles rely on animals for spore dispersal.
Truffles reproduce asexually , with a male and female spore.
Truffles suffer damage.
Truffles suffer surface damage.
Truffles take a considerable investment of time and energy to grow.
Most truffles are classified as fungi.
Most truffles contain water.
Most truffles grow from spores.
Most truffles have benefits.
Most truffles have flavor.
Most truffles have flavour.
Most truffles have odor.
Most truffles have strong flavor.
Most truffles have types.
Most truffles suffer damage.
Most truffles suffer surface damage.
Some truffles grow in backyards.
Some truffles grow on oak tree roots.
Some truffles grow on roots.
Some truffles grow roots.
Some truffles have holes.
Some truffles have markets.
Some truffles irritate eyes.
Some truffles rely on animals.
Some truffles rely on small animals.
Some truffles retain flavor.
Truffled bourbon is easy to make, and the bourbon and preserved truffle keep indefinitely.
TruGrip pressure switch for an unaltered two-handed firing grip.
Truhoy soils are on fan piedmonts.
A truism is truth
Truisms have to be developed in a particular way.
A trump card is a playing card
Trump cards are always highest.
A trump is a suit
Trump chooses human rights over profits.
Trump despises the military.
Trump disagrees with the idea that union labor costs more money.
Trump does good by doing well.
Trump has a peculiar idea of fun.
Trump has a way of being a clown and a bad boy in a sanitized, button-down world.
Trump has high multifoliolate leaf expression.
Trump has neither.
Trump is a double-digit.
Trump is a narcisssitic blowhard.
Trump is a perfect placeholder.
Trump is a suit.
Trump is a very good politician, but in limited ways.
Trump is back on stage minutes after assassination attempt.
Trump is Best in a Three Way.
Trump is deadly serious.
Trump is determined the same way.
Trump is evil.
Trump is fugu, the Japanese pufferfish that is both delicious and potentially fatal.
Trump is no stranger to controversy.
Trump is recognized as an international authority in the care of patients with genitourinary cancer.
Trump now hopes to move into the Detroit market, too.
Trump outranks the other suits.
Trump phrases things in a way to deflect responsibility.
Trump points out school security myths and then provides a real-world perspective.
Trump probably burns through that kind of chump change in lost golf balls every week.
Trump provides clear direction for implementing security, and in few words at that.
Trump represents a revolution.
Trump says, ''is people.
Trump seems to believe in ethnic stereotypes deeply.
Trumps are cards of the trump suit and number trumps.
Trumps are like a suit in cards.
Trumps are original reports of strikingly gracious or tactful remarks or actions.
Trumps are playing cards.
Trumps are suits.
Trumps is also good to keep until the end because hands that can double trumps calls are rare.
Trumpet vines attract hummingbirds.
Trumpet vines need water.
Trumpet vines require care.
Most trumpet vines attract hummingbirds.
Most trumpet vines require care.
Some trumpet vines produce beans.
A trumpet is brass
Trumpet isa device.
Trumpets are brass instruments.
Trumpets are brass.
Trumpets are definitely out.
Trumpets are difficuit to sing to, but are attention getters.
Trumpets are horns.
Trumpets are instruments.
Trumpets are located in bands.
Trumpets are located in brass bands.
Trumpets are located in music stores.
Trumpets are located in orchestras.
Trumpets are made of brass.
Trumpets are musical instruments.
Trumpets are removable to allow different lengths for tuning.
Trumpets are solids.
Trumpets are trumpeters.
Trumpets are used for fanfare.
Trumpets are, of course, still in fashion, even valveless, straight ones.
Trumpets blare, muskets crack and cannons boom.
Trumpets brace the voice of the sax, riff loud and clear over the dissonant wail.
Trumpets can sound alarm or celebration.
Trumpets have (part) sections.
Trumpets have purposes.
Trumpets have the melody while the low brass plays the accompaniment.
Trumpets herald the unions.
Trumpets indicate the victory of good over evil.
Trumpets play an important part in Jazz music, and other various popular genres.
Trumpets resound as the music swells in a crescendo of urgency.
Trumpets resound as the music swells into a crescendo of urgency.
Trumpets sound a flourish, and then a serniet.
Trumpets sound and angels weep.
Trumpets sound, and drums.
Trumpets typically produce larger but readily transplantable bulbs.
Most trumpets have purposes.
Most trumpets have valves of the piston type, while some have the rotary type.
Some trumpets have pipes.
Trumpeter swan is one of the heaviest living birds that are able to take flight.
Trumpeter swans eat fish.
Trumpeter swans have bills.
Trumpeter swans have curves.
Trumpeter swans have different voices.
Trumpeter swans have shape curves.
Trumpeter swans have voices.
Trumpeter swans lose feathers.
Trumpeter swans lose primary feathers.
Trumpeter swans lose primary wing feathers.
Trumpeter swans lose wing feathers.
Trumpeter swans nest territory.
Trumpeter swans occupy breed ranges.
Trumpeter swans occupy ranges.
Trumpeter swans produce sound.
Many trumpeter swans spend the winter on the western coast of Canada, Alaska and Washington.
Many trumpeter swans spend the winter on the western coast of Canada, Alaska, and Washington.
Most trumpeter swans eat fish.
Most trumpeter swans have bills.
Most trumpeter swans have curves.
Most trumpeter swans have different voices.
Most trumpeter swans have shape curves.
Most trumpeter swans have voices.
Most trumpeter swans lose feathers.
Most trumpeter swans lose primary feathers.
Most trumpeter swans lose primary wing feathers.
Most trumpeter swans lose wing feathers.
Most trumpeter swans occupy ranges.
Most trumpeter swans produce sound.
Some trumpeter swans eat insects.
Some trumpeter swans eat many insects.
Some trumpeter swans eat seeds.
Some trumpeter swans eat tuber seeds.
Some trumpeter swans feed on tubers.
Some trumpeter swans have bases.
Some trumpeter swans have tints.
Some trumpeter swans move into agricultural areas.
Some trumpeter swans move into areas.
Some trumpeter swans take up residences.
Some trumpeter swans use feet.
Some trumpeter swans use strong web feet.
A trumpeter is a musician
Trumpeter isa musician.
Trumpeter tends to droop tail down slightly when feeding.
Trumpeters are a more domesticated type.
Trumpeters are birds of strong traditions.
Trumpeters are birds.
Trumpeters are horn players.
Trumpeters are known to be very territorial during the mating season.
Trumpeters are musicians.
Trumpeters are powerful fighters on rod and line.
Unique challenges call for unique solutions.
Unique challenges confront the space farmer though.
Unique challenges exist to noninvasively detect hepatobiliary disorders in the pediatric population.
Unique challenges require innovative solutions.
Unique characteristics distinguish types.
Some unique characteristics promote success.
Unique charge pumps that optimize charging for arbitrary loads and ambient RF power levels.
Unique circuitry boosts VCR output level to ensure the best possible picture quality.
Some unique circumstances surround death.
Unique coating prevents oxidation of metal magnetic particles.
Unique code identifying the principal hydrogeologic unit the well is open to.
Unique color coding easily identifies cities that are deviating from expectations.
Unique combinations require a seed combination.
Unique complications arise when the donor being considered is a child.
Unique component draws oil from the pores of the ball.
Unique composition emphasizes height and depth.
Unique conditions cause leaves to change colors at different rates.
Unique conditions exist in central and northern Alaska where permafrost underlies many facilities.
Unique construction allows accurate means of controlling finished insulation density.
Unique construction allows front and back printing.
Unique construction causes the surface to soak up spills and noxious residues.
Unique construction gives explosive power off the tee, plus exceptional stopping power on the green.
Unique construction keeps the bell rim off the bottom surface.
Unique construction reduces warping and ensures exceptional paraffin bonding.
Unique containers make wonderful conversation pieces and express personality.
Unique content includes a webmaster forum and chat.
Unique contents mean reviews and articles.
Unique contributions made by each item appear to vary considerably between activities.
Unique country living featuring blacktop roads with village water and sewer hook up.
Unique covenants lend homes a distinctive look.
Unique coverage includes service response logistics, logistics accounting, and reverse logistics.
Unique creatures belong to phyla.
Most unique creatures belong to phyla.
Some unique culture provides defense.
Some unique culture provides effective defense.
Unique custom sportswear for teams, corporations, special events, and individuals.
Unique custom touches throughout.
Unique databases provide information.
Most unique databases provide information.
Unique data needs to be entered only one time.
Unique debt swap to protect forest.
Unique decor creates a stylish atmosphere where the service is second to none.
Unique design accommodates most grocery bags and small garbage bags.
Unique design allows ample working distance under the lens.
Unique design allows ankle movement for high and low impact activites.
Unique design allows awning to project horizontally, vertically or follow the curve of a solarium.
Unique design allows bat to fit any bat pin configuration.
Unique design allows bracelet to be slipped on or off wrist.
Unique design allows cleaning without removing fuel lines.
Unique design allows customization without penetrating waterproof-breathable lining.
Unique design allows easy clean-up.
Unique design allows for efficient operation and perfect balance.
Unique design allows for full movement.
Unique design allows for heads up play.
Unique design allows for horizontal AND vertical adjustments.
Unique design allows for maximum adjustability.
Unique design allows for tuning a bow for tighter groups.
Unique design allows installation to most existing toilets.
Unique design allows it to be configured to meet a variety of training needs.
Unique design allows line to be fed thru arm with ease.
Unique design allows single hand operation to quickly and easily turn multiple pages.
Unique design compensates all strings.
Unique design creates a new look, changing the vehicles overall appearance.
Unique design deflects the rebound in an unpredictable flight.
Unique design eliminates frictional inconsistencies.
Unique design features an echolocation slot that helps bats locate the cavity.
Unique design features durable construction built for long lasting performance.
Unique design features ensure uniform heat, fast cycles and safety.
Unique design features ensure uniform heat.
Unique design features that match and align with the tilt windows.
Unique design folds flat for convenient storage.
Unique design has double velcro flaps around belly to hold in place.
Unique design has many possibilities and options.
Unique design has no moving parts to break or wear out.
Unique design helps improve all strokes while minimizing the risk of injury.
Unique design helps keep bait fresher, longer.
Unique design helps keep things organized and easy to get to.
Unique design includes an eye-appealing glowing plastic ring that separates the two halves.
Unique design incorporates a thrust bearing to reduce tightening effort.
Unique design incorporates team logo on right side with team nickname vertically on the left.
Unique design is aesthetically pleasing.
Unique design is attractive, practical and more effective than other negative ion generators.
Unique design is easy to adjust.
Unique design is easy to demonstrate.
Unique design is slip and tip proof.
Unique design is twice as fast - for perfect coffee anytime.
Unique design keeps most moving parts on atmosphere side for reliability.
Unique design makes for easy storage.
Unique design makes it virtually impossible for wheel to be plugged with sticky material.
Unique design minimizes bunching.
Unique design offers greater accessibility to components.
Unique design permits breech plug removal for cleaning.
Unique design permits easy single-hand operation.
Unique design prevents spring from slipping and provides greater closing power.
Unique design provides a comfortable fit.
Unique design provides a tailored fit on any size hand, and leaves the fingers free.
Unique design provides ease of operation and portability.
Unique design provides excellent throughput.
Unique design provides for proper alignment of the spine, hips, and knees.
Unique design provides incredibly realistic sound.
Unique design provides the ability to aim light sensor at strongest source of light.
Unique design redirects food and water back into the bowl before it can hit the floor.
Unique design rests snugly over either ear.
Unique design retains highly polar, water soluble compounds.
Unique design sheaths full-size pen for easy access.
Unique design simplifies new justice complex.
Unique design uses the float only to release the counterweight to open the discharge valve.
Unique design works well.
Unique designs reflect intelligent forethought and a synthesis of ideas.
Unique designs take the pain out of bike riding.
Many unique designer outfits as well as some basics such as leggings and pajamas.
Many unique differences are evident between the bosses from the private sector and the government.
Unique drills make application of techniques virtually automatic.
Unique ecotourism tours, to some of the world's most exotic travel destinations.
Unique embroidery designs for sale for the home embroidery machine.
Unique environments call for unique ideas.
Unique event benefits the Special Olympics.
Unique exclusions are the units, views, observations, statements, descriptions, language, etc.
Unique excursions are also part of the curriculum.
Unique experiences make great gifts.
Unique facilities are available to students.
Unique facilities attract worldwide partners.
Unique facility makes test mission a breeze.
Unique facts can render broad statements inapplicable.
Unique factors are at play here.
Unique factorization rings with zero divisors.
Unique family return address labels.
Unique family run candy factory in business for nearly a century.
Unique family run period inn adjacent village green.
Unique farmland is used for a specific high-value food or fiber crop.
Some unique farmland is used for growing pineapples and rice.
Unique feature allows three candles to keep flame height constant.
Unique feature is description of supplier and customer stewardship program.
Unique feature is directory of ports and directions on getting there and parking.
Unique feature is fantastic branching producing a mass of blooms.
Unique feature is that it includes maps of private seller addresses.
Unique features include animals.
Unique filters can spring from our individual callings .
Unique financing is available.
Unique fingerprints are evident and never change.
Unique finishes capture the look and feel of antiquity.
Unique fittings help prevent cross contamination.
Unique flavor comes from the addition of coriander and two types of orange peel.
Unique flowers bloom nearly all year.
Unique foot stools that add an elegance to any bedroom.
Unique format increases readability and generates the highest-quality leads.
Unique formula absorbs water and forms a lubricating gel when passing through the digestive tract.
Unique formula creates a barrier by bonding to the hoof protein for long-lasting protection.
Unique formula offers long lasting protection against everyday accidents, spills and soil.
Unique formula provides smoother and lighter glue application in a washable glue stick.
Unique formulation contains no wax, no silicones, no solvents, no abrasives.
Unique formulation is able to withstand moisture and dampness.
Unique formulations insure long-lasting color.
Unique fund raising events contribute to the school as a whole.
Some unique furniture offers services.
Unique gallery balances spiritual art with maritime art and many other disciplines.
Unique game play with stunning graphics.
Unique games ensure that kids have lots of fun.
Some unique gazetteers list information about places within one state or province.
Unique geodesic domes in country setting.
Unique geology awaits at every turn.
Unique gifts are always available.
Unique gifts are available in the gift shop.
Unique gifts are our specialty.
All unique gifts are hand-crafted.
Unique glass blocks each hand painted.
Unique glides allow bola elite to slide easily on carpet or hard surface floors.
Unique glides allow bola to slide easily on carpet or hard surfaces.
Unique graph homomorphisms onto odd cycles.
Unique habitats are found on alvars , extremely level expanses of limestone with thin soil mantles.
Unique habitats exist as a result of the river formation.
Many unique habitats are found in Bryan County.
Unique hardware permits sliding sash to rotate inward for easy cleaning.
Unique hardware permits sliding sash to tilt inward for easy cleaning.
Unique heritage shophome for rent.
Unique hinges allow convenient folding and storage.
Many unique homes are available for the visitor to rent on a long or short term basis.
Unique ids are also an open target for spammers.
Unique IDs hyperlink to point within a specific card, rather than to the entire deck.
Unique ideas make an interesting news story.
Some unique individuals help issues.
Unique info is better.
Unique instructions appear before appropriate items.
Unique interface allows eager players to jump in and figure things out as they play.
Unique interpretations are usually wrong.
Unique island ecosystems draw tourists by the millions every year.
Unique island feel, playground, volleyball, scenic lake views.
Unique issues deserve unique approaches - including our proprietary techniques and custom solutions.
Unique items are early pamphlets and runs of journals and newspapers.
Unique items made from the tartan are for sale throughout the year.
Unique items sold at the museum include videos and coal mining figurines made from real coal.
Some unique items are lamps, bird feeders, and oil candles.
Unique jams blend various fruits with raisins, nuts and spices for a truly gourmet taste experience.
Unique keepsakes are available for bid and perfect gifts.
Unique key is defined in the included file.
Unique knowledge is generated by teachers in their practice-based inquires.
Unique land snail faunas of the upper Lake Michigan basin.
Unique latches eliminate any sharp protrusions and operate with one hand.
Unique lens enhances both contrast and depth perception.
Unique lever locking mechanism is tough, glass filled nylon for strength and durability.
Unique lighting can help create an atmosphere of comfort and security any time of year.
Unique lighting lends a dramatic effect to our jelly exhibits.
Many unique markets exist.
Unique materials appear in each.
Unique materials are no longer unique and possibly less valuable if copies exist.
Unique meditation pillows in the design of a lotus flower, using silks and velvets.
Unique menus feature a wide range of international style cuisine as well as Territorian favourites.
Unique messages are show in normal text.
Unique metabolites suggest the expression of novel pathways for their synthesis.
Unique moves are guiltless for pros and intermediates.
Unique nozzle gets under hair to the skin where cleaning is most important.
Unique numbers allow for centralized testing.
Unique object is second from left.
Unique objects know where they are.
Unique opportunities are available for interdepartmental and off-campus research.
Unique opportunities are now available for boat brokers and dealers on our web sites.
Unique opportunities exist in the program for choosing courses, mentors and research problems.
Unique opportunities exist to work intimately with faculty and the business community.
Unique optics produce in-focus images.
Unique owners duplex has south garden plus deck.
Many unique packages are available.
Unique packaging features whimsical original illustrations and a convenient carrying handle.
Unique panel overlap for improved insulation.
Unique paneling decorates the first floor.
Unique parcel is private, yet just off the main road.
Unique password gives around the clock access to thousands of maps.
Some unique patterns are exhibited by common ringtail possums.
Some unique patterns are exhibited by possums.
Some unique patterns are exhibited by ringtail possums.
Some unique phenotypes enhance capacity.
Some unique phenotypes enhance carry capacity.
Every unique piece is preserved for the enjoyment of future generations.
Unique pixel shading commands add detail and realism to images.
Unique pointers are a hybrid of full pointers and reference pointers.
Unique pot keeps dip cool.
Unique prefixes are under stood as abbreviations.
Unique pressures face today's youth.
Unique problems require additions or modifications to a pre-designed solution.
Unique problems require unique solutions.
Many unique problems face students coming from HBCUs to a large majority research institution.
Unique process allows installation to be fast, clean and less expensive than traditional methods.
Unique process allows one-day installation.
Unique product is a European favorite.
Unique products are available.
Unique products have an advantage as health care costs come under greater scrutiny.
Unique products offer flexibility to Web sites seeking new revenue streams.
Unique products require unique testing solutions.
Unique program is in profit immediately.
Unique property combines elegance, rustic charm and relaxed comfortable living.
Unique proposals are the most likely to be funded.
Unique questions get unique answers, and even ordinary questions get our full attention.
Unique records can be found in each, so a comprehensive search requires searching both databases.
Some unique references are written by astronomers.
Unique reflector mounting arrangement provides quick easy field adjustment of lighting output.
Unique requirements are our specialty.
Unique requirements exist for microcomputers.
Unique requirements necessitate specific promulgation.
Some unique resources provide advantage.
Unique risk affects one company or industry.
Unique risk is more difficult to get a handle on, but a good proxy is standard deviation.
Unique risk pertains only to a particular security.
Unique rope locking mechanism prevents accidental release.
Unique rules abound.
Unique sauces are good.
Unique screen saver with images that move in and out as it runs.
Unique seals protect cutterbar pivot bushings from dirt and wear.
Unique seed strains as well as dutch and canadian seed strains.
Unique self cleaning technology feature eliminates harmful time buildup.
Unique self help alternative to traditional natural therapies.
Unique service provides instant additional income .
Unique sessions helps prevent sharing of passwords.
Unique shape allow basket to be used for other waste disposal while shredder stays in place.
Unique shape decreases tangle.
Unique shape hugs the postpartum figure and elevates the baby to breast level.
Unique shape hugs the postpartum figure.
Some unique shapes depend on temperature.
Unique shell combined with dense weight block give smooth, controlled flip.
Unique shields have the most beautiful graphics of any items yet found in the game.
Unique ships remain unique even when captured by a player.
Unique shops dot the downtown.
Unique shops feature designer apparel, jewelry and fine leather goods.
Unique shops offer a variety of gifts.
Unique shops offer diverse merchandise, friendly service, and a warm welcome.
Unique shops offer in-house specials, refreshments and free gift wrap.
Unique shops offer in-store specials, free gift wrapping, and refreshments.
Unique shops purvey gifts, sportswear, Northwest Coast tribal art, quilts and more.
Unique signatures allow the compiler to distinguish between methods that have the same name.
Unique signatures comprise more than just different usernames and passwords.
Unique sites have the potential to attract limitless users.
Unique situations are a specialty.
Many unique situations exist in vocational education.
Unique sizes are often time-consuming to fold and bind.
Unique software keeps customers from bolting.
Unique software uses instant recognition buttons for fast and easy use by many technicians.
Unique species are the polecat and pine marten.
Unique spring loaded face plates keep even flimsy literature upright.
Unique strap mounting arrangement is adjustable to fit any bike with a backrest.
Unique strategies involve limited skip tracing, custom letters, and the use of a predictive dialer.
Unique structure makes browsing fast and effective.
Unique surface is designed for high-durability as well as optimal printing.
Unique system allows load bearing onto floor rather than onto canopy.
Unique system moves the filter through the water for coffee-press flavor and quality.
Unique tags are especially useful when creating query menus.
Unique talents arise from within everyday dreams, that add meaning and beauty to our worlds.
Unique tape combines songs with specific tips for implementation.
Unique technique produces fatigue-free necks and full bodied sound.
Unique technology plays roles.
Most unique technology plays roles.
Unique tennis balls for tennis ball machines and teaching carts.
Unique Terms Be careful.
Unique terms work better than common words.
Unique things do stand out in a child's mind.
Unique ticket makes a great display item.
Unique tool removes, measures, installs and adjusts casters quickly and easily.
Unique top includes a hood, and cuffs that can be folded into mittens.
Unique trains are tough and expensive to maintain.
Unique treasures abound.
Unique tune gets the full treartment of vocal effects from the group from Louisville.
Unique vacation retreat.
Unique value lies in bringing business-related expertise to the table.
Some unique values underlie midwifery education and practice.
Unique variance is composed of specific and error variance.
Unique variations are possible.
Unique variety makes our products suitable for gifts, or personal use.
Unique vegetation fills the landscape around the field.
Unique videotapes explain 'variation management' strategy.
Unique visits count only one contact made from any one individual computer each month.
Unique visitors are way up but average pages viewed are slightly down.
Unique visitors is a minimal measurement of activity.
Unique visitors is defined by conventional auditing means.
Unique visitors is more difficult to get a handle on.
Unique visitors is the actual number of total users who visited the Web site once in a given month.
Unique visitors is the number of total users who visited the site in the past month.
Unique wildlife watches.
Unique wine tasting gatherings are great ways to enjoy an afternoon.
Unique words bring best results.
Unique zipper opens easily from the outside while contents are locked in.
An uniqueness is individualism
Uniqueness can be very powerful.
Uniqueness contributes to the emergence of a 'tonic' element.
Uniqueness counts for a lot in a genre where few groups push the envelope.
Uniqueness demands special attention and focused consulting.
Uniqueness goes a long way here.
Uniqueness has no degrees.
Uniqueness implies rarity, which explains why parsimony is so important in knowledge.
Uniqueness is a great quality to have.
Uniqueness is a noun, meaning unparalleled .
Uniqueness is a point that needs some defense.
Uniqueness is a rare endowment.
Uniqueness is accepted with compassion.
Uniqueness is achieved in the merchandise selection as well.
Uniqueness is also evident by looking at the Columbia River Basin.
Uniqueness is also important to minimadesign as is form and function.
Uniqueness is also more interesting when there are a number of such interesting feature subsets.
Uniqueness is appropriate to A place so singular.
Uniqueness is guaranteed by requiring each naming authority to guarantee uniqueness.
Uniqueness is in providing all of the above in a colorful,live and easy to use multimedia interface.
Uniqueness is irrelevant.
Uniqueness is practiced in ingredient selection as well.
Uniqueness is preserved.
Uniqueness is shown in each case.
Uniqueness is suggested.
Uniqueness is sustainable design's response to the globalization of culture and buildings.
Uniqueness is the greatest gift of an individual.
Uniqueness is the key.
Uniqueness is the strength of our souls.
Uniqueness is the strongest weapon in the history of men.
Uniqueness lies in the combination of climatic conditions that exist from season to season.
Uniqueness provides a measure of clarity.
Uniqueness still results when the proposer is selected randomly.
All uniqueness resides in the file server itself.
Unirisk consultants have a broad competence in risk management and risk financing.
Unisex fish are always female and reproduce only females.
Unisex fish can reproduce without the other sex present.
Unisexual flowers present .
Unisexual species have no males, and individual lizards have no sperm.
Unisexual species reproduce by parthenogenesis in female.
An unison is sound
Unisons abound, both within the same family, and between different families.
Unit cohesion is a critical means of countering the natural friction generated by combat.
Unit cohesion is certainly a well-identified factor, but it's only one of several factors.
Unit cohesion is very far from being a dry subject that sociologists can quibble over.
Unit cohesion is what can make or break a military unit.
Unit conversion is done.
Unit conversion is emphasized.
Unit conversions are important problem solving applications of real world mathematics.
Unit Cost Enter the contracted hourly wage.
UNIT COST Enter the unit cost for the goods.
Unit cost is a direct outgrowth of the scope of the tasks to be accomplished.
Unit cost is a firm design requirement fully equal to the performance requirements of the product.
Unit cost is computed by simplifying the ratio of cost to unit.
Unit cost is cost
Unit cost is cost.
Unit cost is kept low as a result of continuing efforts to increase the use of the facilities.
Unit cost is the total cost divided by the number of units produced.
UNIT COST Type the cost of one item.
UNIT COST Type the COST of one item.
Unit costs are dangerous.
Unit costs are defined as total cost divided by total quantity.
Unit costs are the costs of producing an output or outcome.
Users save their work to a special location on the machines.
Users say beta interferon reduces the frequency and severity of the painful bouts.
Users say DVD-equipped laptops have enormous advantages over other kinds of portable video players.
Users say helps the body to heal itself.
Users say higher speeds are necessary to ensure widespread adoption of wireless Web services.
Users say it combats aging and skin conditions with good results.
Users say it loosens inhibitions and makes people more relaxed.
Users say it produces positive feelings, empathy and extreme relaxation and eliminates anxiety.
Users say logon is slow.
Users say telnet unix.
Users say that beta interferon reduces the frequency and severity of painful bouts.
Users say that swallowing the pills is less painful than chewing.
Users say that the drug has a calming effect with heightened perceptions of colours and sounds.
Users say the company boasts a good customer service program.
Users say the drug causes increased alertness and a sense of well-being.
Users say the feature they call a split tunnel, has two benefits.
Users say the name of picture and the computer evaluates whether it is correct.
Users say the savings are small.
Users say the sensation is extremely pleasurable.
Users say they experience feelings of increased confidence, sociability and energy.
Users say they hear things better, and they see details they have never seen before.
Users say urine is sterile, antiseptic and non-toxic.
Users say vendors last year rushed enthusiastic customers into unstable online marketplaces.
Users say watching the jellyfish can be as hypnotic as staring at the real things.
Users scan information and recklessly skip over any text they deem to be fluff.
Users scan the device over a printed page to read embedded code in articles or advertisements.
Users scan through for regional suppliers, or contact via e-mail or phone.
Users scan web pages.
Users scan, so write for scannability.
Users scare easily.
Users scroll down to view pages and can jump back to the top of the page to return.
Users scroll the grid left and right and then click on an icon to retrieve a document.
Users scroll through a playlist and can view CD covers of the songs.
Users scrolling through the site find helpful hints on travel and shopping.
Users search major chemical catalogs and place orders for chemicals from participating vendors.
Users search the database and order any required article direct from their keyboard.
Users search the job bank's national database as well as access employer maintained listings.
Users search through a menu of features by pressing forward or backward scroll keys.
Users searching for cards can use the database just like any search engine.
Users see a closeup view of that part.
Users see a detailed view of that part.
Users see a final product.
Users see a little photo of other users while chat.
Users see a small selection of sites, with the rest of the mobile Internet out of reach.
Users see all available options, and can make selections in the order of preference.
Users see an HTML form with fields to enter their username and password.
Users see an image of their hand which duplicates the motion of the real thing.
Users see and manipulate object representations of their information.
Users see applications.
Users see banner ads while they're on the call.
Users see benefits.
Users see bigger muscles, but they are blind to the intricacies of their internal systems.
Users see Decision Making Unit .
Users see few reasons to upgrade if what they have works just fine.
Users see forms that are as familiar as the paper versions on their desks.
Users see great muscle definition, and they lose inches more rapidly when sticking to their plan.
Users see honesty when information is naked to the eye.
Users see information about the faxes they submitted.
Users see information as visualizations that they can directly manipulate in an intuitive way.
Users see instant results in an attractive graph.
Users see instructors for assembling or repairing that part.
Users see only a reliable, available utility that dispenses storage upon demand.
Users see only data for their own subsystem.
Users see only screen prints of their applications from PCs, thin clients and handheld devices.
Users see real value in feed grains and soy products at the current price levels.
Users see short notations of calendar items each day as they log on to the site.
Users see something more meaningful than a black box for unrepresentable characters.
Users see the condition of the forest as good and feel that the level of conservation is adequate.
Users see the different alternatives from a variety of perspectives and enter their reactions.
Users see the document exactly as it appears in printed form.
Users see the message Maximum number of simultaneous users logged on, please try later.
Users see the updated data.
Users see the updated holdings as soon as a new piece of material is cataloged.
Users see their account information online.
Users see their preferred desktop arrangements from any computer.
Users see their scores and typing ability improve.
Users see themselves and the other participants arranged in a grid on their screen.
Users see URL targets as they mouse over images.
Users see video by simply going to a website with an Internet browser.
Users see what chemicals are released and can find out which are the most toxic.
Users seek advice.
Users seek information at the granularity of a document.
Users seek medical advice.
Users seeking a consistent environment usually end up writing fairly complex shell startup files.
Users seeking access to network resources now only have to pass through a single checkpoint.
Users seeking images input relatively few terms to specify their image information needs on the Web.
Users seem interested in simple features rather than multimedia.
Users seem interested in the diagnostic list .
Users seem more in touch with the world and generally seem to be better communicators.
Users seem pleasantly surprised when they get immediate answers.
Users seem to be doing an admirable job of filling the gaps.
Users seem to be paying attention.
Users seem to have found it to be a satisfactory test, easy to administer and score.
Users seem to like it too.
Users seem to like the option.
Users seem to like the quality of information they get.
Users seem to rely heavily on instincts and brute strength when fighting.
Users seem to think that grace is way more difficult than origin to use.
Users seem willing to wait varying amounts of time for different types of interactions.
Users select a candidate and an issue, and view the corresponding clip.
Users select a category of interest to see a display of chemical names for that letter.
Users select a category of interest to view the topic's sources, listed alphabetically.
Users select a channel and hear streaming audio over the Web.
Users select a date to identify when employees are due their next performance review.
Users select a day of the month to display a list of event titles.
Users select a desired translation language, and type in a search request.
Users select a document they wish to draft or a form they wish to fill.
Users select a form from a computer screen and fill it in directly from the keyboard.
Users select a genre such as science fiction, romance, mystery, and western.
Users select a module via a light bar or by entering one or two letters of the module title.
Users select a region of interest from a map and a set of variables from a listbox tool.
Users select a specific month and day.
Users select a subject area and the type of sources they want and a list is created.
Users select a unit to download in .PDF format.
Users select a username, then go to a chat 'room'.
Users select among several modes of cloning.
Users select an area to view, and the system provides an index map of that area.
Users select an item and the hypermedia system follows the associated reference.
Users select an object by putting a brick at an object position.
Users select areas.
Users select by first letter of the company name, or by scrolling down an alphabetical list.
Users select criteria that result in an individualized exploration path.
Users select default charts or define their own using a chart setup screen.
Users select documents for post-searching functions by pressing the spacebar on their keyboard.
Users select first a module in which they have an interest.
Users select from a growing number of topics and ask a question.
Users select from a list of categories that are defined for the Web site.
Users select from a menu of knowledge bases.
Users select how address and protocol information is displayed according to level of detail desired.
Users select items and place orders.
Users select items from forms built on the fly.
Users select major functions and activities from a file cabinet button bar or a toolbar.
Users select one of six subjects, such as party.
Users select one or more environments to suit themselves and their purposes.
Users select the appropriate database to print out results.
Users select the cell pattern of choice along with other attributes of the job.
Users select the county, the features to display, and labeling options.
Users select the date and time to be viewed.
Users select the desired characters by pressing the conversion key.
Users select the desired line by pushing one of the line keys.
Users select the job queue that best fits each job.
Users select the level they desire.
Users select the name of the institution, then the department through which the course was taken.
Users select the options they want from the preferences page.
Users select the required functions and options from a series of graphic menus.
Users select the role that most closely matches their own at the beginning of the process.
Users select the segments of the sequence to be analysed.
Users select the State and then the Training Occupation.
Users select the three-dimensional solid model and define material and injection locations.
Users select the topic they want to hear.
Users select the type of information and location to be mapped.
Users select the types of tags to be used as masks.
Users select the user name and password of their choice.
Users select the variables they want, like map size, resources available, tile-set, etc.
Users select their content preferences, and then content headlines are delivered to their desktops.
Users select their destination, and input a credit card and a personal identification number.
Users select their own personal password to accompany their username.
Users select their school from a database and supply an e-mail address and zip code.
Users select their school from our database and supply an e-mail address and zip code.
Users select their state and city from a pull-down menu.
Users select to receive topical mailings from a master list.
Users select which fonts to catalog and how they are to be cataloged.
Users selecting subject receive a large number of topics and subtopics from which to choose.
Users send a picture of a room and provide design or improvement information.
Users send and receive facsimiles much the same way as e-mail.
Users send and receive information by voice.
Users send and receive mail from the site.
Users send completed forms to the court via a modem, through a mail service, or on a diskette.
Users send each other messages and can easily communicate with friends and family.
Users send electronic messages to specific email addresses.
Users send email to when they wish to have a request processed.
Users send in their verdicts.
Users send the list server E-mail messages to control their configuration options.
Users send their documents, spreadsheets, and reports to the print server.
Users send videos and still images within minutes of opening the box.
Users setting up a domain can enter their desired domain name and get a list of the closest matches.
Users setup any new controls necessary.
Users share all sorts of trouble shooting information there.
Users share audio files between each other.
Users share common interest.
Users share directories and printers across the network using share level access.
Users share experience.
Users share experiences with automation techniques for synthesis.
Users share graphics during a session and automatically save transcripts of conversations.
Users share information.
Users share interest.
Users share one wide frequency band, using unique codes to identify and separate calls.
Users share secrets about new and upcoming storage technologies.
Users share the cost of an annual service contract for the cryostat.
Users share the printer and can instantly view printing status on line.
Users share the space, two faculty members to a carrel.
Users share time and frequency allocations, and are channeled according to unique codes.
Users sharing workplan templates and rota pattern files is a good idea.
Users sign in at the circulation desk.
Users sign on only once to access the trading network.
Users sign up for specific delivery items.
Users sign up online with a minimum amount of hassle.
Users sign up to receive the episodes, which are downloaded into their email on a weekly basis.
Users sign up to usethe computer that is used only for Internet access.
Users sign up using their e-mail address.
Users sign up.
Users simply access a list of printers via a Web browser and click on the printer they want.
Users simply access the service via the Internet using a Web browser of their choice.
Users simply access the Web site, complete a cover sheet, attach documents and send.
Users simply add a monitor, keyboard and mouse for each station.
Users simply add the pre-embedded links to their local Web site where appropriate.
Users simply affix tags to servers, laptops or anything else they want to monitor.
Users simply apply the manual to their own context and needs.
Users simply attach the wires to the respective coloured slots on the system.
Users simply browse to the share and run setup.exe to start the process.
Users simply browsing a site are less likely to click on the privacy policy,' the report states.
Users simply call phone number and respond to the prompts either by speaking or using the keypad.
Users simply can go to their hand-helds and learn what's in the food before ordering or eating it.
Users simply choose a desired construct, and a measure of that construct is displayed.
Users simply choose the desired product, attach the digital image and complete the order.
Users simply choose the product and the desired image to complete the order.
Users simply choose the products they wish to make available on the Internet.
Users simply choose two columns of data to be summarized in a row and column format.
Users simply click and drag the mouse to book resources.
Users simply click and drag to create new event or meeting.
Users simply click on a cell to make a change.
Users simply click on or touch drawings, blueprints or images of the project plans.
Users simply click on the graphic description to view, print or download the graphic.
Users simply click on the highlighted links and go directly to the image.
Users simply click on the install button and the installation and setup is done automatically.
Users simply click on the link in the e-mail and the relevant article shows up in a browser.
Users simply click on the navigation tools to move forward or backward to view messages.
Users simply click on the page and any prerecorded audio file instantly streams.
Users simply click on the player's picture.
Users simply click on the tab to use e-mail or the web.
Users simply click on the translated URL link to view a translated result.
Users simply click on their selection to activate the setting.
Users simply click to the desired Plate and bring up an interactive entry form.
Users simply conduct a regular search, which can be found, for example, on the main page.
Users simply connect to the Web server via a browser and access applications over the Internet.
Users simply demand it.
Users simply depress the handle, insert the collets into any smooth port, and release the handle.
Users simply dip the strip directly into the pool or spa water.
Users simply drag and drop templates from one model onto the next.
Users simply drag each clip into a storyboard below to paste together an edited final film.
Users simply enter a word or a combination of words and the search is carried out.
Users simply enter gateway hostname and credentials.
Users simply enter numbers from their keyboard to respond to the system inquiries.
Users simply enter the measurement that needs converting and press a button.
Users simply enter their tax information by tabbing to and entering data into simple edit boxes.
Users simply enter two locations.
Users simply erect dishes outside their homes, similar to satellite television.
Users simply establish and store personal profiles.
Users simply glide a finger to move the cursor on-screen.
Users simply have to download TCPNetView into a working directory to run it.
Users simply have to test drive the service to access the free music.
Users simply hold the adapter over the watch during transmission.
Users simply identify themselves and the boot process continues.
Users simply indicate the placement of the mirrored item or place it freehand on the drawing area.
Users simply insert and position the multimedia data within the document.
Users simply insert their digital camera media card directly into the appropriate drive and print.
Users simply key in their searches in plain English.
Users simply log into an organization s web site and fill out a web form.
Users simply log into an organizations web site and fill out a form.
Users simply log on to the system to add and view issues.
Users simply log on, point, and click to view the designated Web page.
Users simply look into the camera and say their name or an appropriate phrase.
Users simply mirror the motions of the illustrated stretch.
Users simply mouse click on the voice chat button and speak into a microphone.
Users simply move a highlighted cursor bar and press the Enter key to make selections.
Users simply move down the list to see each step.
Users simply name albums or add comments to the back of photos.
Users simply open the desired report to find the latest data.
Users simply pay for access.
Users simply pick and extrude parting lines.
Users simply pick up any phone in the house and ask for what they want.
Users simply pick up the handset and push one button to initiate the call.
Users simply pick up the phone and dial, just like the way they make conventional phone calls.
Users simply place a finger on the scanner to gain access to the system.
Users simply place the master in the reader and the blank disc in the writer.
Users simply place their finger on the reader, and they are logged into the network.
Users simply plug in and measure.
Users simply plug it in and turn it on.
Users simply plug the USB device into a single USB port and are ready to capture video.
Users simply point a Web browser to the Web-based email interface.
Users simply point and click to the desired program to gain access.
Users simply point to the icon for the program they want to run and click on it.
Users simply pop it into the drive bay of their computer's CD-ROM, and the disk runs automatically.
Users simply pop the CD in the drive to view contents instantly.
Users simply post comments, mark-up documents, or attach files.
Users simply present their fingerprint for secure local or network logon.
Users simply press a button on the faucet to turn the filter on or off.
Users simply press the drive's eject button while power cycling the device.
Users simply press the IQ-Fax button before they enter a fax number and press start.
Users simply preview, select and insert the desired image and scale it to size.
Users simply provide recipients with the combination of the safe.
Users simply pull a lever on the bar, and the walker begins moving forward slowly.
Users simply record the time it takes for the sample to break through the membrane.
Users simply rent access to the software.
Users simply rent space on their Web servers.
Users simply replenish their accounts by connecting through a modem to a credit-card company.
Users simply rub their fingers together and any remaining ink disappears.
Users simply say the phone number to dial.
Users simply see a single highly-available proxy service.
Users simply select a cycle and press start, and the chamber fills with the correct amount of water.
Users simply select a file that is then streamed to their players.
Users simply select a report and printer.
Users simply select a word, phrase, or picture on the overlay to make the computer speak.
Users simply select the desired sleep times in the control panel.
Users simply select the local phone number and dial.
Users simply select the PO number for the invoice and then enter the invoice number.
Users simply select the words they want to learn and let their computer take over.
Users simply talk naturally into a hand-held tape dictation machine.
Users simply talk naturally into the dictation device.
Users simply tap the pen on the whiteboard to move to the next slide or open an application.
Users simply tell the guide what it is that they seek.
Users simply touch the window glass to fully interact with the display.
Users simply trash archives when they are no longer needed.
Users simply type a database identifier and query to run any search from the Web page.
Users simply type in a word, phrase, or question.
Users simply type in any combination of name, city or area of expertise.
Users simply type in the appropriate e-mail address and submit the request.
Users simply type in the name of the network to be analyzed.
Users simply type the release as prompted and then click the submit button.
Users simply upload a file listing the product numbers desired, or create their list online.
Users simply use their Web browser for immediate access.
Users simply walk-up to one of multiple kiosks to check for any messages.
Users sit in the dust helping one another to inject.
Users sitting at a workstation console have priority use of the machine.
Users solve randomly created problems to earn points which are stored from one session to another.
Users sound off on who they think is the best wide receiver available in the draft.
Users span the gamut, from elementary schools and high schools to junior colleges and universities.
Users speak of it almost religiously, a salvation from dry heaves and disappearing pounds.
Users Speak Out.
Users speak very well of it.
Users specify a destination address similar to a phone number.
Users specify a state, and then a county, to see census information for the county.
Users specify a subset of individuals or locations in selection files.
Users specify an abstract syntax for the class of documents they wish to translate.
Users specify data mappings and transformations through a graphical user interface.
Users specify information sought, and initiate searches from their Web browser.
Users specify materials, which define the way light interacts with a surface.
Users specify parameters to guide and constrain an agent's overall behavior.
Users specify queries and see the results of the queries displayed upon a map.
Users specify requests and queries over specified ontologies via applet based user interfaces.
Users specify retrieval conditions by indicating a position on the plane.
Users specify runtime parameters and execution in special input files.
Users specify the composition of a laminate or glass-film combination.
Users specify the content, link or contact they want to be monitored and receive results by e-mail.
Users specify the incorrect DNS servers.
Users specify the picture of object feature space that they have in their mind.
Users specify the signal and event flow through instantiations of high-level components.
Users specify the top layer, delta h, to define peaks for the volume calculation.
Users specify the type of reports they want without having to specify the sources.
Users specify their areas of funding interest with an online form.
Users specify their search criteria once and identify the sources to be included.
Users specify their unique needs and receive a customized report of pontential benefits.
Users specify what content they want synchronized.
Users specify what hardware they have, and what software they want.
Users specify when and what type of data is to be gathered.
Users specify which bodies can collide without having to predefine collision points.
Users spend a huge chunk of their day in their messaging system.
Users spend far too much time waiting for Web pages to appear on their screens.
Users spend less time away from their jobs.
Users spend less time finding and opening files and more time on analysis.
Users spend minutes setting up the system, loading discs and beginning a copy job.
Users spend more and more updating old products.
Users spend more time online, and because they have higher bandwidth they send more bytes and bits.
Users spend no time manually rekeying information.
Users start by downloading the application, and installation is fairly simple.
Users start by entering a graphical outline or diagram which helps organize their ideas.
Users start by scanning or loading a photo or digital image.
Users start by selecting the databases and importing their data definitions.
Users start looking at the things they can do on broadband.
Users start with a basic, unlabled shape.
Users start with as simple or complex a system as they want.
Users stay in the list after logging out and never get timed out.
Users stay motivated with three mesmerizing games that boost recall.
Users stay on for one hour.
Users steer computations via http requests.
Users still get powerful PC performance-but without the integrated cache.
Users still get powerful PC performance-without the integrated cache.
Users still have access to all the data, but if they try and change the data, nothing happens.
Users still have access to the information that was previously available.
Users still have final control over their own options.
Users still have many problems.
Users still have the ability to drill into the detail.
Users still have the opportunity to recommend enhancements to the screen layouts and data fields.
Users still have to be weary though.
Users still have to contact the library and apply to use the service over a network.
Users still have to sign up with each service.
Users still have to switch between applications to do anything.
Users still rely heavily on traditional devices to do most of their Internet-related tasks.
Users still resist.
Users store important phone numbers and addresses online, available from any terminal.
Users store private information and secret keys on their personal smart cards.
Users Streaming video for broad band is a piece of cake.
Users struggle to find alternatives to reading.
Users submit a form or e-mail to receive credit for the course .
Users submit a request to the server.
Users submit and receive list counts and place list orders from their desktop PCs.
Users submit claim details and the other side makes a settlement offer.
Users submit comments about their experiences buying and selling.
Users submit information about a person they are looking for.
Users submit print jobs from any network workstation.
Many veterinary offices provide boarding services as well.
Veterinary ophthalmologists are available to help with the difficult eye diseases and problems.
Most veterinary ophthalmologists use the highly accurate applanation tonometer.
Veterinary opinion is that the disease had been developing for between two and six months.
Veterinary oversight is provided by the attending veterinarian.
Veterinary personnel collect animal specimens for laboratory testing.
Veterinary personnel collect blood samples from animals for laboratory analysis.
Veterinary pharmacologists develop and test pharmaceutical products for animal use.
Veterinary pharmacologists develop and test pharmaceutical products.
Veterinary practice involves much more than the application of scientific knowledge.
Veterinary practice is licensed by each state.
Most veterinary practitioners combine what is useful from each source.
Veterinary prescription is required.
Veterinary professionals can search the database by diagnosis or by symptom.
Veterinary professionals struggle to be adequately compensated.
Some veterinary programs require a course in biochemistry or nutrition or something else.
A veterinary school is a school
Veterinary school is a four-year program.
Veterinary school is a study in extremes.
Veterinary school is too expensive.
Veterinary school is too hard.
Veterinary schools are less uniform in their requirements than medical schools.
Veterinary schools are schools.
Veterinary schools differ in their test requirements.
Veterinary schools expect, and in some cases require, experience working with animals.
Veterinary schools insist that applicants have some experience working with animals.
Veterinary schools specify which test results are accepted.
Veterinary schools vary in their choice of standardized tests.
All veterinary schools require a minimum of two years of pre-veterinary college study for entrance.
Many veterinary schools require biochemistry.
Many veterinary schools require letters of recommendation from a practicing veterinarian.
Most veterinary schools are relatively small places, and physically compact.
Most veterinary schools give some preference to in-state students.
Most veterinary schools respond well to persistance up to a point.
Some veterinary schools expect the student to do an individual research project.
Veterinary science is the study of animal diseases and their cure.
Veterinary science offers opportunities for further study at the bachelor's, master's or PhD level.
Veterinary scientists have facilities to look at various aspects of animal health and reproduction.
Veterinary service is by appointment only.
Veterinary services are also available as required.
Veterinary sources are divided on whether contaminated pig ears pose a threat to dogs.
Veterinary specialists are graduate veterinarians who have spent time in an internship.
Veterinary specialists obtain an additional four years of education and training.
Veterinary staff are on call when emergency care is needed.
Veterinary staff examine our animals daily to monitor their health and welfare.
Veterinary staff try to find out how old a horse is by looking at the condition of a horse's teeth.
Veterinary students are an integral part of our health care team.
Veterinary students can research why chocolate is toxic to some animals.
Veterinary students continue to nuture and expand the program.
Veterinary students feel a great sense of accomplishment.
Veterinary students participate in daily assessment and care of injured wildlife.
Veterinary students study natural sciences jointly with medical and dentistry students.
Veterinary students use diagnostic equipment such as radiographs to view skeletal features.
Veterinary students visit dairies as well as poultry, swine and beef slaughterhouses.
Many veterinary students look forward to a career in emergency and critical care after graduation.
Some veterinary students participate in a work-study program.
Veterinary supply sells horse and dog bit gags, forceps, sterile needles, some restraints.
Veterinary support is needed for the military working dogs on the scene.
A veterinary surgeon is a doctor
Veterinary surgeons can prepare for operations by viewing large-scale simulations of animal organs.
Veterinary surgeons work throughout the UK, in both rural and urban areas.
Every veterinary surgeon has an obligation to deal with emergencies in any species at any time.
Some veterinary surgeons charge exorbitant fees for performing a neurectomy.
Some veterinary surgeons have special training to diagnose eye diseases.
Veterinary technicians are a part of solving that puzzle.
Veterinary technicians are professionals dedicated to animal health care.
Veterinary technicians assist veterinarians.
Veterinary technicians conduct clinical procedures under the supervision of a veterinarian.
Veterinary technicians enjoy an exciting and dynamic profession.
Veterinary technicians help veterinarians in the same way nurses help doctors.
Veterinary technicians perform a wide variety of tasks.
Veterinary technicians perform duties similar to nurses in human medicine.
Veterinary technicians provide health care to animals.
Veterinary technicians work in a wide variety of animal-health related fields.
All veterinary technicians work under the supervision of a veterinarian.
Most veterinary technicians work in veterinary hospitals and clinics.
Most veterinary technicians work indoors.
Veterinary technologists are graduates of four-year veterinary technology programs.
Veterinary training consists of four years.
Veterinary treatment can be difficult and expensive.
Veterinary treatment is advised.
Veterinary treatment is necessary and skin samples taken for diagnosis.
Veterinary treatment is required.
Most veterinary treatment is too expensive, in Hungary for the farmer or horse owner.
Veterinary universities have access to equipment used to screen dogs for deafness.
Some veterinary urologists believe the culprit is low post-surgical estrogen concentrations.
Many veterinary vaccines are available but their effectiveness is questionable.
All veterinary work is complete.
Veterinary workers are a special breed.
Vetinary bills can be expensive.
Vetiver grass can grow almost anywhere.
Vetiver grass is a plant widely used in erosion and sediment control.
Vetiver oil helps strengthen the nervous system.
Vetiver root is a good fixative for heavily-fragranced potpourri.
Veto power can run people out of the church.
Veto is a vote
Vetoes can only stop bad legislation.
Vetoed bills require a two-thirds vote of each chamber to be overturned.
Vettings are medical treatments.
Vexation is a subjective sensation of an irritating heat in the center of the chest.
Vexation is anger
Vexations are all the delusory mind-states that proceed from attachment to the idea of self.
Vexatious explorations open up a passage to streptococci.
Any vexing problem shows up at scores of points in the matrix of each dimension.
Vhayu technology works.
VHPA membership is open to any pilot who flew helicopters during the Vietnam War.
VHTF taco bell talking dogs.
Vi anbefaler istedet at du benytter en nettbokhandel.
VI can save time.
VI dies of natural causes.
VI expands application offerings and doubles sales in one year.
VI has a somewhat longer tale to tell.
VI is a very powerful keyboard-based editor.
VI is born.
VI is delivered.
VI is difficult.
VI is in conflict with the Fifteenth Amendment.
VI is just too obtuse.
VI is out.
VI is required for egg chamber and imaginal disc morphogenesis.
VI is the maximum rate of impedance change, and is representative of aortic blood velocity.
VI is the voltage in the incident wave.
VI means Virgin Islands.
Vi opdr tter seri st og hvert kuld har til form l at opretholde og forbedre den standard racen har.
Vi ser med stor seri sitet p dine forslag.
VI takes over, and immediately tightens up security.
Vis are software.
VIs enable users to build their own instrumentation systems.
VIa aucta et emendata.
VIA continues to improve their market share with a stream of successful chipsets.
VIA enables researchers to browse or search for images by keyword.
VIA offers intercity, transcontinental, regional and remote rail services from coast to coast.
VIA offers teaching programs in Indonesia, China, Vietnam, and Laos.
VIA organises working holidays for volunteers, in the Netherlands and abroad.
ViA plans to open an office in Belgium's Flanders Language Valley next year.
VIA produces dozens of different models.
VIA publishes a quarterly vaccine newsletter.
VIA reserves the right to refuse unsuitable cages provided by customers.
VIA reserves the right to reject cages supplied by customers if they are judged unsuitable.
VIAs is a non-profit entity devoted to the production of interactive educational programs .
VIAs referens moderkort.
Viability analyses for conservation of sage-grouse populations.
Viability analyses incomplete, inadequate, or lacking in scientific credibility.
Viability captures the available quantitative data about an investment's likely payoff.
Viability declines rapidly after initial dispersal.
Viability decreases with prolonged exposure.
Viability depends on cashflow and cash reserves.
Viability describes whether the embryo is alive and able to germinate.
Viability is a condition and a property of vitality.
Viability is a function of vitality.
Viability is a property
Viability is an arbitrary concept.
Viability is an old topic but it is still ongoing.
Viability is anticipated to come from value-added services in addition to connectivity.
Viability is contingent upon modern medicine and medical advances made on a daily basis.
Viability is defined as being able to survive outside the uterus.
Viability is defined as the fetus's ability to survive independently of the woman's body.
Viability is dependent upon cells and harder to predict.
Viability is hardest when based purely on advertising revenue.
Viability is highly variable and unpredicable.
Viability is normal for the heterozygote and embryo lethal for the homozygote.
Viability is practicality.
Viability is properties.
Viability is the ability to pay bills when they are due - in both the short and the longer term.
Viability is the physical capacity for life independent of maternal corporeal support.
Viability is the potential to germinate.
Viability is the time when the baby is able to survive outside the mother.
Viability is, at best, an indicator of the disposition of life rather than the determinate of life.
Viability is, in fact, a prerequisite for success.
Viability refers to the point at which a baby can survive outside of the mother's womb.
Viability seems to vary considerably, both excellent and poor results having been obtained.
Viability takes no account of programme priority.
Viability thus severs the link between terminating a pregnancy and destroying a fetus.
Viable agriculture means profitable agriculture.
Viable alternatives exist and are ready for implementing, or at least testing.
Viable alternatives exist for virtually all known uses and sources of POPs.
Viable alternatives exist for virtually all known uses and sources of the targeted chemicals.
Viable alternatives remain, without eroding key elements of U.S. economic successes.
Many viable alternatives exist.
Viable bacteria can remain in the air for a long time.
Viable businesses are relentlessly customer-focused.
Some viable calves reach adulthood.
All viable cells contain a phospholipid membrane.
Viable cities are essential to wealth creation.
Viable ecosystems can function without many species.
Viable eggs are brown and are more challenging to detect.
Viable eggs remain transparent throughout their development.
Viable entities wait to fill the void of free music on the Internet.
More viable evidence is collected in close time proximity to the assault.
Viable frameworks benefit communities.
Viable frameworks benefit global communities.
Viable grain is produced by plants.
Most viable grain is produced by plants.
All viable mutants display small-plaque phenotypes.
Viable neighborhoods are critical to our community s well being.
Viable neutrophils release mitochondrial DNA to form neutrophil extracellular traps.
Viable nits are yellowish to gray, darkening to a tan or coffee color as they mature.
Every viable organization has to decide how to bound itself.
Viable pollen grain is produced by plants.
Viable pollen fertilizes flowers.
Some viable products kill nematodes.
Viable seed persists in soil for long periods.
Viable seed persists in the soil seedbank.
Viable seeds are produced by bull thistle plants.
Viable seeds are produced by plants.
Viable seeds can still develop from the cut stems.
Viable seeds fall from plants.
More viable seeds are produced.
Most viable seeds are produced by bull thistle plants.
Most viable seeds are produced by plants.
Most viable seeds fall from plants.
Viable solutions can come from careful observation of how an urban society functions.
Viable solutions have to address both ends of the spectrum.
Some viable solutions meet values.
Vial headspace contains nitrogen.
Most vial racks are in excellent appearance.
A vial is a bottle
Vials are available at the lab, but they are expensive.
Vials are bottles.
Vials are clean and contamination free.
Vials are for single use only.
Vials are for single use.
Vials are for single-use only.
Vials are similar in shape and size to other drugs.
Vials are to be stored upright in their flats.
Vials expire as follows.
Vials feature a large labeling surface for easy product identification.
Vials feature snap-on caps.
Any vial can be an infusion vial.
Some vials exhibit pin-hole leaks.
Some viatical arrangements are private, perhaps among family members.
Viatical companies buy insurance policies from terminally ill patients at a discounted rate.
Viatical companies buy life insurance policies from terminally ill policyholders.
Viatical contracts are an excellent investment that offer high-yield with extraordinary security.
Viatical investments are a means to achieve high-yield with extraordinary security.
Viatical investments are an means to achieve high-yield with extraordinary security.
Viatical investments are available in most states and foreign countries.
A viatical settlement is liquidation
Viatical settlements are a newly regulated activity.
Viatical settlements are about living.
Viatical settlements are an excellent investment that offer high-yield with extraordinary security.
Viatical settlements are complex legal and financial transactions.
Viatical settlements are liquidation.
Viatical settlements can be risky investments.
Viatical settlements have a legitimate purpose for people with terminal illness.
Viatical settlements involve the sale of a life insurance policy by a person who is terminally ill.
Viatical settlements involve the sale of a life insurance policy.
Viatical settlements minimize risk and maximize returns.
Viatical settlements raise regulatory concerns under the insurance laws.
Viatical transactions sound grisly.
Viaweb study shows wide variation in value of hits from search engines .
Viazul bus has three frequencies daily.
A vibe is air
Vibes are everywhere, positive and negative.
Vibes are magazines.
Vibes are motion.
Vibes lead the piano, bass and drums trio throughout.
Vibes punctuate the monologue as a maelstrom of howling electronics blows beneath.
A vibrancy is a tone
Vibrancy is tangible as places open, including good restorations.
Vibrant accents create a nice balance in a pastel scheme.
Vibrant accents create a nice balance.
Vibrant churches focus on mission and ministry.
Vibrant colors are possible by adding color pigments.
Vibrant colors begin to emerge.
Vibrant colors brighten any room.
Vibrant colors distinguish numerous tropical fish, fans, and coral.
Vibrant colors emerge from almost every spot along the trail.
Vibrant colors enhance the architecture.
Vibrant colors illumine each canvas, radiating light and warmth.
Vibrant colors retain luster even after years of heavy use.
Vibrant colors splash the walls and shout a happy welcome.
Vibrant colours become faded or washed out.
Vibrant communities are a prerequisite for an effective market.
Vibrant communities contribute, in turn, to a nation's strength.
Vibrant communities incorporate housing for all economic levels.
Vibrant competition is the key to efficiency and innovation.
Vibrant design depicts the Indian symbol of prosperity.
Vibrant designs grab front-page press attention and publicity for any event.
Vibrant enthusiasm is a big plus.
Vibrant growth comes crashing down when there are no plans for the future.
Vibrant health is about truly empowering oneself.
Vibrant health starts from a clean bowel and from a clean human body.
Vibrant health starts from a clean bowel.
Vibrant illustrations provide clear pictures along with words for natural reinforcement.
Vibrant life is replaced by cold concrete.
Vibrant markets create wealth and ensure employment.
Vibrant patterns create an eye-catching look.
Vibrant sugar mixed with icing fives cookies a bedazzling gem quality.
Vibrant vitality shines in their faces as they have conversations with their computers.
Vibrant wildflowers abound, and the bright green of budding trees meets the eye in every direction.
Vibration analysis finds worn bearings.
Vibration analysis is a good technique for predicting seal failure.
Vibration analysis is often better at localizing the point of failure depending on the application.
Vibration analysis is used to monitor the condition of the coupling between repairs.
Vibration control is comprised of source identification, system isolation, and testing.
Vibration isolation is a branch of protective techniques known as vibration control .
Vibration isolation is a branch of protective techniques known as vibration control.
Vibration isolation is achieved by simply unclamping the base plate.
Vibration isolation is achieved with inflatable tubes of the size used for wheelbarrows.
Vibration isolation is provided by a massive granite platform.
Vibration isolation is provided by a pneumatic autolevelling damping system.
Vibration isolation is value-engineered out.
Vibration rates determine the specific energy emitted by the gemstone.
Vibration sensations result from rapidly repetitive sensory signals from tactile receptors.
Vibration sense is felt to be the most sensitive test for detection of early diabetic neuropathy.
Vibration sense is normal or moderately decreased.
Vibration testing is made to make sure that there are no soldering weaknesses in the system.
Vibration adds stimulation for both partners.
Vibration affects motion.
Vibration affects tendons, muscles, joints and nerves.
Vibration also continues to be a problem, in particular in the community.
Vibration also damages nerves, muscles, bones and joints of the hand and arm.
Vibration also damages the nerves, muscles, bones and joints of the hand and arm.
Vibration analyses and tests of mobile communication systems .
Vibration analyses, bearing failures and metallurgy.
Vibration can also diminish the blood flow to the intervertebral disc.
Vibration can also help the atoms line up.
Vibration can be a cause of noise and can lead to wear and fatigue of parts.
Vibration can be a nasty problem.
Vibration can be fine and tremulous or more like rocking.
Vibration can cause carbon face chipping and seal face opening.
Vibration can cause the attaching bolts of the seat swivel assembly to work loose and fall out.
Vibration can cause the plates to wear or pierce the separator material leading to a short circuit.
Vibration can induce undesirable resonance's in the painting canvas.
Vibration can influence the penetration resistance value.
Vibration cans have effects.
Vibration cans have same effects.
Vibration causes additional loads from cyclic motions.
Vibration causes noise and can adversely affect electronic assemblies located near the generator.
Vibration causes solids to regularly peel into a collection system for removal.
Vibration causes sound.
Vibration causes the breakdown of the internal parts of the battery.
Vibration causes waves.
Vibration creates a high density hollow core slab.
Vibration creates compression waves.
Vibration creates sound waves.
Vibration creates sound.
Vibration creates waves.
Vibration damping can prevent normal vibration from opening some seal designs.
Vibration damping elastomers in the rear zone absorb the roughness of the terrain.
Vibration damping is necessary in all mechanical seals.
Vibration diminishes pain.
Vibration does indeed lie at the very core of our existence.
Vibration exists in objects, animals, people and the atmosphere.
Vibration has both a potential and a kinetic energy component.
Vibration has direct impact.
Vibration has impact.
Vibration has other effects as well.
Vibration helps promote healing.
Vibration implies division between here and there.
Vibration includes attenuation.
Vibration is a common cause of fretting wear.
Vibration is a contributing factor.
Vibration is a driveline problem that can either transverse or torsional.
Vibration is a form of electric massage.
Vibration is a key concept to interpreting the laws of nature esoterically.
Vibration is a particular concern to telescope users.
Vibration is a periodic oscillation which can also be measured in g-s as well as frequency.
Vibration is a secondary effect reflecting the problem which is actually of electrical origin.
Vibration is a special concern.
Vibration is absorbed by shot material and oil inside the housing.
Vibration is absorbed by the ground and by the mount itself.
Vibration is air.
Vibration is also undetectable.
Vibration is amplified by middle ear bones and transmitted to the oval window.
Vibration is another condition that can lead to back pain.
Vibration is at a minimum.
Vibration is breath.
Vibration is caused by actions.
Vibration is caused by movement.
Vibration is caused by muscular actions.
Vibration is caused by sound.
Vibration is caused by the jet-like effect of the double blades.
Vibration is caused by wind.
Vibration is done at the end of the position.
Vibration is energy.
Vibration is everywhere in the world and can be found in many things.
Vibration is generally a warning of trouble.
Vibration is identified as the key component associated with making sound.
Vibration is inconsistent.
Vibration is induced in a panel similar to a ship's hull using pressurised air.
Vibration is just a word that means moving back and forth.
Vibration is just what the name implies.
Vibration is life.
Vibration is minimal - similar to an electric motor at the same speeds.
Vibration is minimised by the use of relevant construction techniques.
Vibration is most likely in workpieces with a long overhang.
Vibration is motion.
Vibration is movement
Vibration is one of the factors affecting wire aging.
Vibration is one of the worst things for hard disc drives, as the moments repeat themselves.
Vibration is particularly helpful to people suffering from low-back pain.
Vibration is picked up by the bass and alerts it that something is in the neighborhood.
Vibration is recommended while pouring.
Vibration is tamed by incorporating a gear-driven engine balance shaft.
Vibration is the alternating motion of a surface or body with respect to a reference point.
Vibration is the enemy in photography, digital or otherwise.
Vibration is the formative agent behind all material shapes.
Vibration is the only known warning that tells a driver tread separation is about to occur.
Volatility refers to the changes in price that securities undergo when trading.
Volatility refers to the compound's ability to vaporize.
Volatility refers to the tendency of the herbicide molecule to become a vapor.
Volatility remains high.
Volatility remains the norm.
Volatility represents fluctuation, both up and down.
Volatility seems to be over-rated as a problem.
Volatility shows the investor the range that a stocks price has fluctuated in a certain period.
Volatility simply means movement.
Volatility smiles arising from stochastic volatility models.
Volatility tends to be more cyclical than price.
Volatility underlies the trend.
Volatility often increases around market tops and decreases at market bottoms.
More volatility means the potential rewards, or losses, are greater.
Volcanic action is considered to be the major natural source of cadmium.
Volcanic activities have consequences.
Volcanic activities have global consequences.
Volcanic activities span periods.
Volcanic activities span tertiary periods.
Volcanic activity can also form plains.
Volcanic activity can also produce other interesting structures, such as calderas and lava domes .
Volcanic activity can change without warning.
Volcanic activity can continue to simmer under the crater, which affects the chemistry of the lake.
Volcanic activity can shake the ground.
Volcanic activity continues to be at a low level on the Jupiter-facing hemisphere.
Volcanic activity has cycles.
Volcanic activity is a constructive force that adds new rock to existing land and forms new islands.
Volcanic activity is accompanied by faulting and earthquakes.
Volcanic activity is also a possibility for today and the past.
Volcanic activity is also likely now.
Volcanic activity is associated with release of volatiles, of which water is the major component.
Volcanic activity is caused by heat, below the surface, trying to escape.
Volcanic activity is common at both spreading centers and subduction zones.
Volcanic activity is fairly constant but varies greatly in intensity.
Volcanic activity is in abundance on it and it has two moons.
Volcanic activity is just one attraction of the park.
Volcanic activity is one of the major influences on the earth's atmosphere.
Volcanic activity is seen along midocean ridges.
Volcanic activity produces lightning-friendly conditions in multiple ways.
Volcanic activity produces mountain ranges called volcanic arcs .
All volcanic activity occurs at subduction zones.
Most volcanic activities have consequences.
Most volcanic activities have global consequences.
Most volcanic activities span tertiary periods.
Volcanic ash can affect people hundreds of miles away from the cone of a volcano.
Volcanic ash can affect people hundreds of miles away from the volcano.
Volcanic ash can also affect aircraft operations.
Volcanic ash can also stops the sunlight from going in and out from the earth .
Volcanic ash can also stops the sunlight from going in and out from the earth.
Volcanic ash can be a serious hazard to aviation even thousands of miles from an eruption.
Volcanic ash can be a serious hazard to aviation even thousands of miles from and eruption.
Volcanic ash can be hazardous over great distances.
Volcanic ash can cause great damage to breathing passages and the respiratory system.
Volcanic ash can contaminate water supplies, cause electrical storms, and collapse roofs. .
Volcanic ash can contaminate water supplies, cause electrical storms, and collapse roofs.
Volcanic ash can damage aircraft flying surfaces and electronics, and cause engine failure.
Volcanic ash can travel hundreds to thousands of miles downwind from a volcano.
Volcanic ash causes irritation.
Volcanic ash is a serious hazard to aviation even thousand of miles from an eruption.
Volcanic ash is a severe threat to jet aircraft that fly over the North Pacific Ocean.
Volcanic ash is an aviation hazard, as it can cause serious damage to aircraft engines.
Volcanic ash is derived from a thick bed that crops out at the upper limit of dirt-covered ice.
Volcanic ash is evident in association with the parasite cones dotting the island.
Volcanic ash is hot near the volcano, but it is cool when it falls at greater distances.
Volcanic ash is mined from two pits in Reno County.
Volcanic ash is often the source of the silica.
Volcanic ash is present as both discrete ash layers and disseminated throughout the clay sequences.
Volcanic ash is rock that has been exploded and shattered by steam inside the volcano.
Volcanic ash is rock that has been pulverized into dust or sand by volcanic activity.
Volcanic ash is thought to be capable of providing a significant source of iron for phytoplankton.
Volcanic ash is very durable and very ligth weight.
Volcanic ash makes the island's soil rich and fertile.
Volcanic ash poses health problems.
Volcanic ash poses serious hazards to jet aircraft.
Volcanic ash provides much needed nutrients for plants.
Volcanic ash represents a volumetrically insignificant proportion of the total sequence.
Volcanic ash serves as a fertilizer, returning important nutrients and minerals to the soil.
Most volcanic ash causes irritation.
Most volcanic ash consists of fine, dusty particles.
Most volcanic ash falls to the surface and becomes welded together as rock called volcanic tuff.
Volcanic avalanches lack the water of mudflows.
Volcanic bombs are large fragments.
Volcanic bombs are thrown into the sky and travel some distance before returning to the ground.
Volcanic bombs can be as big and as heavy as trucks.
Volcanic bombs can be as big as and as heavy as trucks.
Volcanic bombs can be just ash or as big as convenience stores.
Volcanic cones rise above the general level of the adjacent country.
Many volcanic cones are steep sided and unstable due to rapid growth of the cone.
Some volcanic cones have steep sides, and some have gentle sides.
Volcanic deposits indicate lakes are common in the caldera.
Volcanic deposits make fertile soils.
Volcanic disasters are very serious problem for our country.
Volcanic earthquakes are almost always due to the movement of magma.
Volcanic earthquakes are generally much smaller and less intense than tectonic ones.
Volcanic earthquakes are minor or at most moderate in magnitude.
Volcanic earthquakes are usually low in magnitude but can be felt because of their shallow depth.
Most volcanic earthquakes are small.
Volcanic emissions reduce the amount of solar radiation reaching the surface.
Volcanic energy heats homes, the warm water community swimming pools and back-country hot springs.
A volcanic eruption is discharge
Volcanic eruption Following the eruption, there is no life in the blast zone.
Volcanic eruption have an important potential lethal impact in the absence of mitigation measures.
Volcanic eruption is primary succession.
Volcanic eruption reports.
Volcanic eruptions alter availability.
Volcanic eruptions are a major source of natural air pollution.
Volcanic eruptions are also hazards in at least two of the islands of the group.
Volcanic eruptions are among the Earth's most powerful and destructive forces.
Volcanic eruptions are an example of natural sources of pollution.
Volcanic eruptions are both beautiful and terrifying.
Volcanic eruptions are common.
Volcanic eruptions are discharge.
Volcanic eruptions are episodic and have relatively short-term effects on climate.
Volcanic eruptions are frequent.
Volcanic eruptions are like fires in a chimney.
Volcanic eruptions are more violent at converging boundaries than at divergent boundaries.
Volcanic eruptions are one of Earth's most dramatic and violent agents of change.
Volcanic eruptions are one of natures great hazards.
Volcanic eruptions are one of the most spectacular acts in nature.
Volcanic eruptions are periodic on the Big Island.
Volcanic eruptions are possible at any time.
Volcanic eruptions are predictable.
Volcanic eruptions are rare, but can be catastrophic when they occur.
Volcanic eruptions are responsible for the global cooling.
Volcanic eruptions are the primary source of gases of the Martian atmosphere.
Volcanic eruptions are the source of multiple hazards.
Volcanic eruptions can also cause tsunamis.
Volcanic eruptions can also do it.
Volcanic eruptions can also melt large amounts of snow, causing mudslides and major flooding.
Volcanic eruptions can cause avalanches.
Volcanic eruptions can cause weather disturbances also.
Volcanic eruptions can change climates in several ways.
Volcanic eruptions can form fossils when animals get trapped in the hot ash flows.
Volcanic eruptions can have a devastating effect on people and the environment.
Volcanic eruptions can occur years to tens of thousands of years apart.
Volcanic eruptions can result in complete destruction of ecosystems close to the volcano.
Volcanic eruptions can reveal something about interior composition.
Volcanic eruptions continue, as ever, to affect climate.
Volcanic eruptions contribute to the dust level in the air.
Volcanic eruptions emit gases and minerals into the air that make precipitation more acidic.
Volcanic eruptions follow . . .
Volcanic eruptions generate a lot of earthquakes.
Volcanic eruptions have devastate effects.
Volcanic eruptions have effects.
Volcanic eruptions have impact.
Volcanic eruptions have negative impact.
Volcanic eruptions inject large quantities of dust, gas, and aerosols into the atmosphere.
Volcanic eruptions occur frequently and can have significant effects on climate over the short term.
Volcanic eruptions occur in different ways and produce different results.
Volcanic eruptions occur in the lithosphere, but affect the other realms substantially.
Volcanic eruptions pose numerous hazards and can have substantial environmental effects.
Volcanic eruptions produce debris.
Volcanic eruptions produce gases.
Volcanic eruptions range from quiet flows of lava to violent explosions of ash, rocks, and gas.
Volcanic eruptions release carbon dioxide from molten rock beneath the earth's surface.
Volcanic eruptions release carbon from magma into atmosphere.
Volcanic eruptions release carbon from magma into the atmosphere.
Volcanic eruptions release gases.
Volcanic eruptions result in destruction.
Volcanic eruptions work in a similar fashion.
All volcanic eruptions are different in one way or another, and some are very different.
All volcanic eruptions produce lava.
Most volcanic eruptions alter availability.
Most volcanic eruptions have devastate effects.
Most volcanic eruptions have effects.
Most volcanic eruptions have impact.
Most volcanic eruptions have negative impact.
Most volcanic eruptions produce debris.
Most volcanic eruptions produce gases.
Most volcanic eruptions release gases.
Most volcanic eruptions result in destruction.
Some volcanic eruptions are quiet.
Some volcanic eruptions are violent.
Some volcanic eruptions cause death.
Some volcanic eruptions continue for decades.
Some volcanic eruptions occur in abundances.
Some volcanic eruptions occur in relative abundances.
Some volcanic eruptions show activities.
Volcanic events take places.
Most volcanic events take places.
Volcanic experts believe it to be an old volcanic plug.
Volcanic forces are still very active on Iceland.
Volcanic forces provide awesome scenery and hot springs that make yeararound swimming an option.
Volcanic gas carries a large amount of volcanic dust.
Volcanic gases can also severely damage vegetation.
Volcanic gases can be very very dangerous.
Volcanic gases can have a variety of toxic effects.
Volcanic gases can have effects.
Volcanic gases have many impacts on climate, environment and people.
Volcanic gases have no effect on ozone.
Volcanic gases include dioxide.
Volcanic gases include sulphur dioxide.
Volcanic gasses account for most of the Earth's current atmosphere.
Most volcanic gases are noxious and smell bad, but they can cause mass fatalities.
Most volcanic gases can have effects.
Some volcanic gases form acid droplets in the atmosphere.
Some volcanic gasses are highly toxic.
Volcanic glass is a volcanic rock
Volcanic glass looks dark because of the way light passes through it.
Volcanic glass shards from ash layers present a greater challenge due to their smaller size.
Volcanic hazard analyses rely to a great extent on probabilistic techniques.
Volcanic hazards create fewer disasters and deaths compared with earthquakes and severe storms.
Volcanic heat keeps the crater on Thule Island ice free.
Volcanic heights meet ocean waves with grace and beauty.
Volcanic islands are formed with no life , and all life has to arrive carried by wind or water .
Volcanic islands are formed with no life, and all life has to arrive carried by wind or water.
Volcanic islands move off the hot spot, and the crust subsides.
Volcanic islands move through eight stages of growth and erosion.
Some volcanic islands sink because of the movement of oceanic plates.
Volcanic isles form on overlying crust, as magma blurps up from melting subducted crust.
Most volcanic lakes receive an input of hydrothermal or volcanic fluids.
Volcanic magma is highly silicic.
Volcanic material collapses to the west producing pyroclastic flows and ash clouds.
Volcanic materials make great soil.
Some volcanic material is mostly glass.
Volcanic mountains destroy themselves in various ways.
Volcanic mountains form when molten rock erupts onto the Earth's surface.
Volcanic mountains run from north to south and are thickly forested.
Most volcanic mountains surrounding the city are extinct.
Some volcanic outbreaks affect size.
Volcanic particles reflect enough sunlight.
Volcanic particles reflect sunlight.
Most volcanic particles reflect enough sunlight.
Most volcanic particles reflect sunlight.
Some volcanic particles cause damage.
Volcanic peaks rise from the surf and towering redwoods meet with the rugged coastline.
Volcanic plateaus are produced by volcanic activity .
Volcanic plugs resemble trees.
Volcanic plume rises above active vent.
Some volcanic products are vital and the soil is rich.
A volcanic rock is an igneous rock
Volcanic rock can be gray, or red, or black.
Volcanic rock contains some radioactive minerals in tiny amounts.
Volcanic rock is exported for use in making cement.
Volcanic rock is the most common type of rock found on Earth's surface.
Volcanic rock is the principal material.
Volcanic rock is very light.
Volcanic rocks are extrusive igneous rocks.
Volcanic rocks are igneous rocks.
Volcanic rocks are visible everywhere.
Volcanic rocks come in many colors.
Volcanic rocks cover most of the planetary surface.
Volcanic rocks crop out on the seamount's summit and side slopes.
Volcanic rocks form from Lavas which erupt at the surface and cool rapidly.
Volcanic rocks heat underground water to boiling.
Volcanic rocks originate in several ways.
Volcanic rocks present a greater challenge.
Most volcanic rocks are lavas or ashes, and obsidian is comparatively rare.
Volcanic soils have an above average cadmium content.
Volcanic steam provides an increasing portion of the nation s power needs.
Volcanic structures are lowered to near sea level by the forces of weathering and erosion.
Volcanic tremor is so strong as to mask other seismic signals.
Volcanic unrest continues at Long Valley.
Volcanic vents surrounding the basin's rim suggest that volcanism helped to shape the tiny world.
Volcanism also occurs in continental areas that are undergoing episodes of extensional deformation.
Volcanism also occurs in continental areas that are undergoing episodes of rifting.
Volcanism appears to be a consequence of radioactive decay within the interiors.
Volcanism appears to have occurred throughout the planets' history, possibly until the present.
Volcanism can also occur at intraplate volcanoes.
Volcanism can occur through all stages of corona formation.
Volcanism commonly is associated with the first two types of margins.
Volcanism connects the lithosphere plate cycle with the biosphere-atmosphere cycle.
Volcanism is a long-term process.
Volcanism is a natural phenomenon
Volcanism is a natural process which has operated since the Earth was formed.
Volcanism is also part of some very complex features on Venus.
Volcanism is associated with heating of Io by tidal pumping.
Volcanism is distributed asymmetrically with respect to the Red Sea.
Volcanism is one of the most important processes that shape our earth.
Volcanism is part of the process by which a planet cools off.
Volcanism is related to rifting of the continent.
Volcanism is the dominant process affecting the surface of many planets and takes many forms.
Volcanism is the formation of massive accumulations of igneous rock by extrusion of magma .
Volcanism is the result of the subduction of the Indian Ocean plate under the Eurasian plate.
Volcanism is thought to have created the domes, although the precise mechanism remains unknown.
Volcanism is typically widespread along plate boundaries.
Volcanism likewise shifts to the north from more basic to more silicic.
Volcanism provides fertile soils, valuable mineral deposits, and geothermal energy.
Volcanism ranges from basic to acid in composition.
Volcanism shuts off from south to north as the transform boundary migrates northward.
Volcanism tends to more abundant than tectonism, although both seem to increase together.
Volcano eruption Get down and go to the cannibal village.
Most volcano observatories have web pages.
A volcano is a crack
Volcano can also make buildings catch fire.
Volcano delivers culture without prescription'.
Volcano delivers culture without prescription.
Volcano erupts like jets in action with lava trailing down.
Volcano explodes and emits huge cloud of ash.
Volcano fixes nitrogen into plant-available forms.
Volcano is a painful personal reminiscence.
Volcano is also a fun and hard single player map.
Volcano is also bright red.
Volcano is an aptly named company - hot stuff indeed.
Volcano is exciting and fun to watch.
Volcano is far from perfect entertainment.
Volcano is many a writer's secret place of repair.
Volcano is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Volcano is restless.
Volcano isa crack.
Volcano kills trees by toxic gasses.
Volcano models for all ages and all levels of technical expertise.
Volcano offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Volcano offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Volcano seems miles from anywhere, yet it's in the middle of everything.
Volcano triumphs with a resounding bang.
Volcano watch at . . .
Volcano watching is a popular activity in New Zealand.
Volcanoes ad a special touch.
Volcanoes add mass to the continents when magma produces lava flows , tephra , and volcanic ash .
Volcanoes affect humankind in many ways.
Volcanoes affect the Earth in many ways.
Volcanoes affect the earth's climate in several ways.
Volcanoes also build up new islands and mountains and make the soil a good place for crops to grow.
Volcanoes also create craters and calderas.
Volcanoes also create mountains, produce new land, and enrich the soil with life-giving nutrients.
Volcanoes also form above hot spots, stationary upwellings of hot mantle rocks.
Volcanoes also give out gases such as carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide.
Volcanoes also have a damaging effect on the weather.
Volcanoes also have a positive effect.
Volcanoes also make mineral deposits, like nickle and gold in Australia and Indonesia.
Volcanoes also produce huge landslides that can transform into lahars.
Volcanoes also release large amounts of water and carbon dioxide.
Volcanoes also release particulates and gases into the atmosphere.
Volcanoes alternate active periods which can last for millions of years with long dormant phases.
Volcanoes appear as bright spots on the smooth plains.
Volcanoes appear as bright spots on thesmooth plains.
Volcanoes are a beautiful part of the earth, but they can also be very dangerous.
Volcanoes are a curious wonder of nature that never fails to interest young readers.
Volcanoes are a great way to get students interested in science.
Volcanoes are a natural way that the Earth and other planets have of cooling off.
Volcanoes are a source of significant chemical energy, both as heat, and elements.
Volcanoes are a threat to air safety from the moment that they erupt.
Volcanoes are also another way that hills are formed.
Volcanoes are also at the center of a new paradigm shift in conceptions of how life began on Earth.
Volcanoes are also common around the edge of the Pacific Ocean.
Volcanoes are also creative forces.
Volcanoes are also hazards to man, animals and crops.
Volcanoes are also more frequent along the plate boundaries.
Volcanoes are also on the ocean bottom.
Volcanoes are also part of the extended carbon cycle .
Volcanoes are also responsible for some of the world's most fertile soils.
Volcanoes are an endogenous process .
Volcanoes are an endogenous process.
Volcanoes are another wild card.
Volcanoes are as fascinating as they are destructive.
Volcanoes are awesome manifestations of the fiery power contained deep within the Earth.
Volcanoes are beautiful - used for skiing, hiking, etc.
Volcanoes are beautiful, impressive, exciting, and awesome.
Volcanoes are both destructive and life-giving.
Volcanoes are composite hazards.
Volcanoes are considered one of the most destructive natural disasters of Earth.
Volcanoes are different from earthquakes.
Volcanoes are different sizes and shapes.
Volcanoes are made when two tectonic plates come together.
Volcanoes are mountains with openings or vents that reach down in the Earth to where magma is found.
Volcanoes are nature's method of naturally refining and sorting minerals.
Volcanoes are necessary to sustain life but are devastating killers at the same time.
Volcanoes are of special significance to the region.
Volcanoes are often beautiful, but they are always awesome-simply by virtue of their existence. .
Volcanoes are one major geologic hazard that occurs in our world and Hawaii is one of their homex.
Volcanoes are one of the most dramatic phenomena in nature.
Volcanoes are one way Earth gives birth to itself.
Volcanoes are openings in the earth's crust that release molten rock.
Volcanoes are places where magma erupts as lava or ash .
Volcanoes are places where magma reaches the earth 's surface .
Volcanoes are places where magma reaches the earth's surface.
Volcanoes are present but mostly inactive.
Volcanoes are puny builders of the earth's crust compared to their undersea buddies.
Volcanoes are really cool.
Volcanoes are still widespread and earthquakes are both frequent and severe.
Volcanoes are the exposure of magma at the Earth's surface, but sometimes magma remains underground.
Volcanoes are the main way that the Earth releases heat.
Volcanoes are the most likely culprit.
Volcanoes are the primary landforms built by repeated eruptions of lava and ash over time.
Volcanoes are to be targeted by the instrument.
Volcanoes are unpredictable and highly dangerous.
Volcanoes are very beautiful but also are potential natural disasters.
Volcanoes are very dangerous because they are so powerful and filled with fire and gas.
Volcanoes are very powerful, extremely destructive, and cause extensive damage.
Volcanoes are warmer.
Volcanoes are windows into how the Earth works.
Volcanoes arise from heating by magma at rifts, subduction zones, or hotspots.
Volcanoes attest to the dynamic nature of the earth.
Volcanoes be in Sicily.
Volcanoes begin to form when the rocks of the lower plate get pushed deep into the Earth.
Volcanoes bring new supplies of minerals to the surface to enrich the land.
Volcanoes bring up new material for land, erosion wears it down.
Volcanoes bury a village, and terrorism and torture reveal man's inhumanity to man.
Volcanoes can affect the weather in a number of ways.
Volcanoes can also be a source of iridium.
Volcanoes can also do some good things too.
Volcanoes can also form at a hot spot.
Volcanoes can also form at hot spots as magma rises out of the sea floor.
Volcanoes can also form by other mechanisms besides subduction.
Volcanoes can also form islands near land or in the middle of lakes.
Volcanoes can also have long-term effects on the climate, making the world cooler.
Volcanoes can also trigger tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, rockfalls, and mudflows.
Volcanoes can be dormant for hundreds of years.
Volcanoes can be under water or on land.
Water is central to all life and access to water is a basic human right.
Water is central to human existence.
Water is central to the Eldorado Springs story, say the locals.
Water is central to the function of planet Earth.
Water is central to the functioning of planet Earth.
Water is central to the solution , precipitation and leaching of minerals from the soil profile.
Water is certainly a precious commodity.
Water is certainly one choice.
Water is charged according to a series of levels.
Water is cheap and easily available in sealed bottles.
Water is cheap and refreshing.
Water is cheap, effective and generally abundant.
Water is cheap.
Water is cheaper for the manufacturer than fruit or meat.
Water is cheaper than grain and it is less expensive to add it than buy it.
Water is checked before loading and during transit stops.
Water is checked for chemicals, organics, pesticides and volatile organics.
Water is checked twice yearly for coliform organisms.
Water is chemical compounds.
Water is chemicals.
Water is chlorinated and piped to the town distribution system.
Water is chlorinated in main cities, suspect elsewhere.
Water is choppy as hell now.
Water is circulated and heated through the stove.
Water is circulated between the heat exchanger and the hot water tank.
Water is circulated inside the loop and carries heat between the ground and the heat pump.
Water is circulated over pads at the top of the tower.
Water is circulated through the engine and exhaust system for cooling.
Water is circulated through the pad system only during hot conditions.
Water is circulated throughout the house by pipes.
Water is clean and clear.
Water is clean and cool enough for salmon.
Water is cleaned and supplied to the entire Mumbai.
Water is cleaner, too.
Water is clear and a bit up, but wading is still good.
Water is clear and abundant in fish, and there is great surf.
Water is clear and colorless.
Water is clear and esmerald green at the same time.
Water is clear and gentle.
Water is clear and of good quality.
Water is clear and silky feeling.
Water is clear and very cold.
Water is clear and warm with lush coral heads rising thirty to fifty feet from the bottom.
Water is clear clean coolant green.
Water is clear cold and abundant here between sage brush and sparse woods.
Water is clear exept for the algae growing on the sides and bottom of the ecosystem.
Water is clear, but snow is white.
Water is clear.
Water is clearest for colors of shortest wavelengths-the blues and greens.
Water is clearly necessary for human life.
Water is clears.
Water is close by, but the pressure is frequently low to non-existent.
Water is cloudy along the shore but clear in the middle.
Water is cohesive.
Water is cold.
Water is collected at sea into evacuated, pre-poisoned flasks.
Water is collected by gravity into a tank.
Water is collected from a nearby pond which is believed to be unsanitary.
Water is collected from rainfall on watersheds surrounding the ponds.
Water is collected from roof catchments and boreholes.
Water is collected from the clock in a container while the sun rises.
Water is collected from the roof and pumped into two large storage tanks.
Water is collected in a few different ways.
Water is collected in back up cisterns.
Water is collected in the trough at right.
Water is collected into the central ring of the vacuole and actively transported from the cell.
Water is collected or harvested from concrete patios, driveways and other paved areas.
Water is collected upstream from the hydro and piped downstream to where the turbine is located.
Water is collected with bottles that are closed automatically at any depth via computer control.
Water is colored an artificial deep blue.
Water is colored because of the rust build up in the water line.
Water is colorless, and wine has a rich color.
Water is common, yet strange.
Water is commonly a source of illness when traveling in foreign countries.
Water is complex and a paradox it is everywhere and can be almost anything.
Water is composed of atoms, which are composed of molecules.
Water is composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water is composed of molecules consisting of two hydrogen atoms and one atom of oxygen.
Water is composed of molecules, which are composed of atoms.
Water is composed of protons and electrons, which are composed of atoms.
Water is composed of protons and electrons, which are composed of molecules.
Water is composed of two gins, oxygin and hydrogin.
Water is composed of two gins.
Water is composed of two hydrogen and one oxygen molecules.
Water is composed of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
Water is composed of two hydrogen atoms combined with one atom of oxygen.
Water is composed of two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen.
Water is comprised of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water is conducted from dead cell to dead cell in a passive way.
Water is connected, and there is a very small garden, a small barn and parking space for two cars.
Water is conserved by overflowing or backflowing final rinse water into earlier rinse stages.
Water is conserved through the use of composting toilets and a graywater recycling system.
Water is conserved using a system of bunds and small catchment ponds.
Water is conserved wherever possible.
Water is conserved with great economy.
Water is considered a key ingredient for the existence of life.
Water is considered a major cause of international conflict in the next millennium.
Water is considered a purifier in most religions.
Water is considered as pollutant if it is added to the soil in amounts that displace the soil air.
Water is considered safe.
Water is considered the eighth ingredient.
Water is considered the universal solvent.
Water is constantly on the move.
Water is consumed and a larger compound is cleaved into two smaller ones.
Water is consumed and two smaller compounds are made into one larger one.
Water is consumed as a reactant.
Water is consumed at a rate of one bottle per hour.
Water is consumed before and after meals, and eating between meals is discouraged.
Water is consumed in the reaction.
Water is consumed voraciously when available, but elands can abstain from drinking in dry seasons.
Water is consumed, and is also the primary habitat in some ecosystems, like lakes and oceans.
Water is contained in all the tissues, both dead and alive.
Water is contained in almost all foods, primarily in liquid foods, fruits and vegetables.
Water is contained in pores within the coal.
Water is contaminated by improper human-waste disposal.
Water is contaminated, fish are dead in aquaculture ponds, and livestock and small livestock died.
Water is continually on the move through the water cycle.
Water is controlled by Earth.
Water is controlled by means of a hydraulic control structure to restrict outlet discharge.
Water is convenient to all and restrooms are also centrally located.
Water is converted into hydrogen gas and carbon dioxide.
Water is conveyed through hoses up the tower to the hydro unit where it saturates the pads.
Water is cool and clear with beatis hatching throughout the day.
Water is cooled by chillers during off-peak hours and stored in an insulated tank.
Water is cooled there and piped into participating buildings.
Water is cooler, tastes much better.
Water is costly to heat, repairs are numerous, and maintenance costs keep going up.
Water is costly, the plant's greatest treasure.
Water is created and destroyed in natural chemical reactions within plants and animals.
Water is created by painting the river surface, and covering with layer of gloss meduim.
Water is created through the elevation menu.
Water is critical around the world.
Water is critical during hot weather.
Water is critical for compaction.
Water is critical for life on earth.
Water is critical for the first step in germination.
Water is critical in the first three years during vine establishment.
Water is critical to bighorn survival.
Water is critical to good health and high milk production.
Water is critical to human survival.
Water is critical to life-forms, even fungi.
Water is critical to our business, the planet and people around the globe.
Water is critical to reproduction of the fungus and infection of the tobacco plant.
Water is critical to survival.
Water is critical to the future of Texas, both in quantity and quality.
Water is critical to the semiconductor industry, which purifies tap water.
Water is critical to the survival of all creatures.
Water is critical to the survival of the cuttings.
Water is critical to Tucson's survival.
Water is critical too.
Water is critical.
Water is critically scarce in many places.
Water is crucial during the first and second growing seasons.
Water is crucial in energy absorption and transfer.
Water is crucial to all life.
Water is crucial to every bodily function.
Water is crucial to life, and the ever-growing population demands changes.
Water is crucial.
Water is crystal clear.
Water is crytal clear.
Water is currently above minimum six buoy course level.
Water is cycled physically and in the process can be redistributed globally.
Water is damn hard.
Water is dangerous, as it spreads the fire.
Water is dangerously good at dissolving things.
Water is dark blue green.
Water is dark blue.
Water is dark navy-blue.
Water is de weg tot vele ontmoetingen.
Water is deadly.
Water is decanted off and the facility is carefully managed to prevent release of any materials.
Water is decomposed into hydrogen and oxygen gases using electricity.
Water is deemed either poor, marginal, or good.
Water is deep in our genetic memory, and it has a healing power.
Water is definitely the worst enemy of wood.
Water is de-ionised for laboratory work.
Water is delicious.
Water is delivered at near mains pressure or reduced pressure.
Water is delivered by tanker and tightly rationed.
Water is delivered by trucks to several regions of Canada.
Water is delivered either directly to individual farmers or is conveyed by an irrigation company.
Water is delivered from the Colorado River that separates Southern California from Arizona.
Water is delivered from the town, and is stored in a watertank supplied by an electric pump.
Water is delivered on both the up and down stroke.
Water is delivered to stream channels by a combination of overland flow and subsurface flow.
Water is delivered to the center or pivot point of the system.
Water is delivered to the field by the main line .
Water is delivered to the pivot point, usually through buried mainline pipe.
Water is delivered to the plant through a three foot diameter pipeline.
Water is denied.
Water is denser than ice.
Water is denser than oil, and honey is denser than water.
Water is denser than oil.
Water is derived from a dam and reservoir on Pelican Creek, and is treated.
Water is derived from a dammed reservoir and is treated.
Water is derived from a well and is treated.
Water is derived from four wells, is treated and piped throughout the community.
Water is derived from wells and is treated.
Water is desirable where the grazing is dry.
Water is desire to manifest that goes with all life.
Water is diamagnetic.
Water is different.
Water is difficult to find on all of the routes listed below, so plan accordingly.
Water is difficult to remove, and can itself cause corrosion.
Water is dihydrogen monoxide but it is always called water.
Water is directed from the showerhead in two distinct circles.
Water is directed only to the crop.
Water is directed upflow through the filter backwash the bed.
Water is discharged downward and turned horizontally to be delivered to the desired destination.
Water is discharged from the turbines from shaped draft tubes.
Water is discharged seaward beneath the coastal plain.
Water is discharged through an opening in the side.
Water is discolored after a rainstorm or during spring melt.
Water is discolored after a rainstorm.
Water is disinfected using silver ion.
Water is dispensed through a spray bar or a hose provided with the system.
Water is disposed of by percolation and evaporation.
Water is distributed at the top of the pad and trickles down the fibers or cells of the pad.
Water is distributed between the farmers, and floods from property to property.
Water is distributed precisely.
Water is distributed throughout the campground.
Water is distributed to the users by order of priority.
Water is distributed using a series of holding tanks and water pump stations.
Water is distributed very unevenly and with very variable purity over the surface of the earth.
Water is diverted at the dam into a canal on each side of the river.
Water is diverted directly out of the streams to service the water users.
Water is diverted for power production only when available.
Water is diverted from a flowing river or taken from intake structure of a spring.
Water is diverted from the river above the falls to hydroelectric power plants in both countries.
Water is divided into five categories.
Water is done flawlessly.
Water is down from the earlier super high levels and it at normal pool.
Water is drag.
Water is drained away from the foundation of some houses by perforated pipes called drain tiles.
Water is drained from the dump body before hauling to the disposal site.
Water is drained off through a petcock.
Water is drank in the house next to the house where Blends are smoked.
Water is drawn down into the rock, boils and then steams out again into the cold ocean.
Water is drawn from a well, filled in brass pots and carried home balanced on head or hips.
Water is drawn from aquifers and water bodies and conveyed through the urban system.
Water is drawn from both surface and well water sources.
Water is drawn from local shallow wells and springs.
Water is drawn from the pond into the filter unit.
Water is drawn from wells since no surface water is to be found.
Water is drawn in dirty buckets from a well where flies and mosquitoes buzz.
Water is drawn in here by expansion of the mantle.
Water is drawn in under the edge of the shell, and then flows over the gills and out the pores.
Water is drawn into a small tube by surface tension.
Water is drawn into a thick layer of coarse material which traps large debris from pond water.
Water is drawn into the intestines resulting in nausea, cramping, and diarrhea.
Water is drawn into the mantle cavity and washes through the gills.
Water is drawn into the pump from the surface of the water source.
Water is drawn into the well through a screen.
Water is drawn off by a vacuum system.
Water is drawn out by osmotic pressure, and the urine is concentrated.
Water is drawn out of the cells, shrinking the vacuole and the cytoplasm.
Water is drawn over the gill surfaces and gas exchange takes place there.
Water is drawn through the gravel where the wastes are trapped.
Water is drawn through the pore to provide the animal with food and oxygen.
Water is drawn through the sponge, which removes small particles and grows bacteria.
Water is drawn up from the ground through the stem.
Water is drawn up from the shining plate of the sea and showers down again in petulant squalls.
Water is drawn up into the plant shoot from the soil when water vapor evaporates from the leaves.
Water is drawn, by the primary water pump and propelled through the flow head.
Water is drinkable at any temperature.
Water is drinkable throughout the country.
Water is drinkable.
Water is dripped over some media which is also exposed to the air.
Water is dry.
Water is dull.
Water is dyed purple and rests in a u-tube connected to a squeeze ball.
Water is earth's most precious resource.
Water is easier to oxidize than sulfate ion.
Water is easier.
Water is easily available from the nearby river.
Water is easily obtainable.
Water is easy to get.
Water is ecological and economical.
Water is effective at slowing down neutrons.
Water is either pure or mixed.
Water is ejected at top rear of the lower unit, just as in the full-sized outboard engines.
Water is electrically conductive as used on the fireground.
Water is electrolyzed when it comes in contact with positve and negative electrodes.
Water is elements.
Water is elevated to the surface by means of a set of pumps.
Water is emitted from the chemical pickup tube Check valve malfunctioning.
Water is emptied daily and replaced with clean tap water.
Water is encouraged to flow within the sponge by the action of flagellated choanocytes.
Water is equally important.
Water is equated with wealth, fish with money.
Water is equated with wealth.
Water is especially damaging to magnetic materials.
Water is especially good at dissolving salts.
Water is especially important during periods of drought.
Water is especially important during the establishment period and under severe drought conditions.
Water is especially important during the long fruit-ripening period.
Water is especially important during the period of tuber enlargement.
Water is especially important in Alabama during the summer when rainfall is reduced.
Water is especially important when the weather is very hot or very cold.
Water is especially important.
Water is especially vital during transplant establishment and root development.
Water is essential and a hot drink is useful.
Water is essential for a top-notch garden.
Water is essential for all body functions, including temperature regulation and feed digestion.
Water is essential for all life to exist.
Water is essential for all life.
Water is essential for all livestock.
Water is essential for all living things.
Water is essential for all plants and animals to survive.
Water is essential for all the major chemical weathering reactions.
Water is essential for balanced health.
Water is essential for biological life.
Water is essential for bryophyte reproductive activities.
Water is essential for carrying out many different roles within the body and staying healthy.
Water is essential for digestion, breathing, temperature regulation and overall well-being.
Water is essential for enzymes to function properly in the digestive process.
Water is essential for every cell in our body to function properly.
Water is essential for every life function of the plant.
Water is essential for good growth and performance.
Water is essential for good health, and it's invaluable for achieving permanent weight loss.
Water is essential for good health.
Water is essential for grass to grow, yet weeds seen to do fine without it.
Water is essential for growth.
Water is essential for health and life.
Water is essential for healthy growth.
Water is essential for healthy living both indoors and outdoors.
Water is essential for human life.
Water is essential for life .
Water is essential for life and plays an important role in atmospheric and lithospheric processes.
Water is essential for life and ranks, perhaps, secondonly to oxygen as necessary for life.
Water is essential for life and underpins both economic and social development.
Water is essential for life itself.
Water is essential for life on earth.
Water is essential for life on Earth.
Water is essential for life, and safe water is essential for health.
Water is essential for life, and where water is scarce, controversy erupts.
Water is essential for life.
Water is essential for most annuals.
Water is essential for muscle building.
Water is essential for plant life, starting from seed germination to growth into a mature plant.
Water is essential for proper circulation in the body.
Water is essential for proper digestion, good metabolism, and urinary tract health.
Water is essential for proper digestion, nutrient absorption and chemical reactions.
Water is essential for proper growth and development.
Water is essential for public health.
Water is essential for really nice textured skin.
Water is essential for regulating the normal structure and functions of the skin.
Water is essential for running the central nervous system.
Water is essential for seed germination and establishment of seedlings.
Water is essential for shock absorption and sponginess and also to carry nutrients to the cartilage.
Water is essential for soup - but soup is more than water.
Water is essential for survival.
Water is essential for the boat and the boat is essential for the boat.
Water is essential for the continued health of the plant.
Water is essential for the fertilization.
Water is essential for the function of all important biological systems.
Water is essential for the human body for many reasons.
Water is essential for the production of steel.
Water is essential for the survival of animals and plants.
Water is essential for the transport of nutrients to and from the plant.
Water is essential for washing and moving out toxins.
Water is essential in passing foods into a living organism and in eliminating wastes from it.
Water is essential in preventing fatigue, especially during exercise.
Water is essential in regulating our body temperature, which is significant in hot, humid weather.
Water is essential to a healthy crop growth.
Water is essential to a healthy, active life.
Water is essential to a new shrub or tree in the first few days after replanting.
Water is essential to aid in digestion, which produces heat in fiber breakdown.
Water is essential to all forms of life.
Water is essential to all life and crucial for all societies.
Water is essential to all life and life activities.
Water is essential to all life in all ecosystems.
Water is essential to all life processes and most economic processes.
Water is essential to all life.
Water is essential to all living things but it is a limited resource.
Water is essential to all living things, yet it demands no pay or recognition.
Water is essential to all living things.
Water is essential to allow the fertile soils to be productive.
Water is essential to any weight loss plan.
Water is essential to biological decomposition.
Water is essential to every living thing.
Water is essential to good health and economic progress.
Water is essential to good health and to losing weight.
Water is essential to good health.
Water is essential to good production, especially when it gets so hot and dry.
Water is essential to have, dried food, nuts, a blanket, matches, and a shovel.
Water is essential to health and it relieves hunger pains.
Water is essential to keep waterfowl growing and healthy.
Water is essential to life and to civilization.
Water is essential to life and to good health.
Water is essential to life in and around the creek and to life far downstream.
Water is essential to life.
Water is essential to man's survival as it is for all life.
Water is essential to our business and to every person who touches our products.
Water is essential to our continued existence.
Water is essential to our existence.
Water is essential to our wellbeing and survival.
Water is essential to physical and biological activity.
Water is essential to plant life.
Water is essential to plants.
Most whale sharks occur in warm temperate sea.
Some whale sharks eat plankton.
Some whale sharks eat tiny plankton.
Some whale sharks feed on plankton.
Whale sightings are common, along with sea lions, otters, porpoises and puffins.
Most whale sightings occur on Tasmania's east coast.
Whale song is heard in all the oceans of the world.
Whale species face threats the world over but few more so than the North Atlantic right whale.
All whale species rely on sound to communicate and navigate through the vast ocean.
Some whale species reside in the channel all year round.
Some whale species seem to be able to communicate over long distances.
Whale spout is really just what happens when the whale exhales.
Whale tours are popular, in-season.
Whale watchers are thrilled to spot a minke whale.
Whale watchers spot a dolphin off the Ligurian coast.
Whale watchers take great care to respect their territory.
A whale is a person
Whale dives down deep Below our view.
Whale drinks some sort of liquor while Boone has a beer.
Whale is effective to meet e-business.
Whale is in rapidly declining health.
Whale Is Stuck.
Whale isa mammal.
Whale meet again.
Whale persuades Boone to sit for a drawing.
Whale represents strength, grace, intuition and knowledge from the past.
Whale rhymes with snail.
Whale sounds courtesy of the Whales site.
Whale sounds library.
Whale turns up much more commonly in images of art and popular culture than on the table.
Whale watching and crabbing also continue out of Bodega Bay during the rockfish closure.
Whale watching and fishing charters are also available.
Whale watching and great white shark viewing trips are a specialty.
Whale watching benefits local economies while it lifts the human soul.
Whale watching by kayak is the ultimate in awesome.
Whale watching companies usually take passengers on a zodiac onto the open water to view the whales.
Whale watching in the sanctuary is a speciality.
Whale watching Many opponents to whaling say that whale watching and hunting is incompatible.
Whale watching offers communities a sense of identity and considerable pride.
Whale watching on Maui is seasonal.
Whale watching packages including accommodation on the beach are available.
Whale watching provides people with an opportunity to learn about and appreciate marine wildlife.
Whale watching that is only commercial is a wasted opportunity.
Whales actually have suborders depending on whether they have teeth or baleen.
Whales adapt to life.
Whales also are mammals that travel in pods, and are closely related to dolphins.
Whales also communicate through low frequency creaks, moans, and groans.
Whales also emit low frequency sound waves.
Whales also grow some sparse hair, usually on the front of the lower jaw.
Whales also have Lepas.
Whales also have more myoglobin, the oxygen-carrying pigment in the muscle.
Whales also leap out of the water.
Whales also like small creatures called cumaceans and isopods.
Whales also retain a number of vestigial structures in their organs of sensation.
Whales also swim very differently than fish.
Whales also use a variety of sounds to communicate.
Whales also use body language to communicate.
Whales also use their blubber to store up energy for future use.
Whales are a good example of using low-frequency sound to communicate.
Whales are able to grow to such enormous sizes because their weight is supported by the water.
Whales are abundant, and some six species of seals are found in the area.
Whales are accustomed to sea lions swimmin near.
Whales are actually worth more alive than dead.
Whales are airbreathers with lungs while fish breathe with gills.
Whales are almost extinct.
Whales are also able to control the assignment of blood to various parts of their body.
Whales are also extremely large.
Whales are also important for our soul in a respect.
Whales are also in the limelight.
Whales are also in the polar regions and can be found near the surfaces of water where they prey.
Whales are also occasional visitors.
Whales are also plenty in their vicinity.
Whales are amazing creatures.
Whales are among the most interesting and awe inspiring creatures on Earth.
Whales are an ancient species going back before any of our tribal traditions.
Whales are an endangered species.
Whales are another marine mammal , but unlike the seals, they are exclusively marine.
Whales are another story.
Whales are aquatic mammals.
Whales are aquatic.
Whales are at the top of the food chain and have no predators other than humans.
Whales are at the top of the vast food chains of the sea.
Whales are awesome.
Whales are back in the news.
Whales are big mammals.
Whales are blue and white.
Whales are bony fish.
Whales are by far the largest living mammal on the planet earth.
Whales are by no means alone in their symphonic calls.
Whales are capable of swims.
Whales are cetaceans.
Whales are classified as mammals, even though they are clearly aquatic animals.
Whales are common in the area.
Whales are cool.
Whales are curious.
Whales are descended from land mammals.
Whales are descended from mammals.
Whales are descended from terrestrial mammals.
Whales are different.
Whales are divided into two categories, based on their teeth.
Whales are endangered animals.
Whales are enormous in size and weight.
Whales are extremely derived mammals.
Whales are extremely rare in the Mediterranean Sea.
Whales are for watching.
Whales are from a group of mammals called cetaceans.
Whales are generally scarce, but are occasionally spotted further north.
Whales are Gravely Endangered.
Whales are highly evolved mammals.
Whales are highly specialized for life in the water.
Whales are hunted for their meat and other body parts.
Whales are impressive and fascinating animals for students to study.
Whales are kind of like huge fish, but they are actually mammals.
Whales are known to teach , learn , cooperate , scheme , and even grieve .
Whales are known to teach, learn, cooperate, scheme, and even grieve.
Whales are large brained and sensitive creatures.
Whales are large, magnificent, intelligent, aquatic mammals.
Whales are large.
Whales are large-brained and sensitive creatures.
Whales are localised, according to their kinds, in certain seas which they never leave.
Whales are located in aquariums.
Whales are located in oceans.
Whales are located in water.
Whales are long-lived and produce few young at a time.
Whales are long-lived mammals with a low reproductive rate.
Whales are mammals and have many of the features and systems of mammal anatomy.
Whales are mammals and reproduce by internal fertilization just as other mammals do.
Whales are mammals but the whale shark is a true shark and the largest fish in the world.
Whales are mammals deriving their oxygen from the air.
Whales are mammals designed for life in water.
Whales are mammals that live in the ocean like fish, but they are very, very different from fish.
Whales are mammals that live in the ocean.
Whales are mammals, breathing fresh air by means of a blowhole and a pair of lungs.
Whales are mammals, just like human beings, they breathe air and feed their young on milk.
Whales are mammals, so they feed milk to their babies and breathe air.
Whales are mammals, they nourish their young with milk from the mother.
Whales are mammals, which means the sperm whale has lungs and breathes air.
Whales are mammals.
Whales are mammals.
Whales are marine mammals and breath air.
Whales are marine mammals.
Whales are marine mammals.
Whales are masterful singers, capable of sending their calls over thousands of miles.
Whales are migratory.
Whales are more compassionate as well as more intelligent than their genocidal tormentors.
Whales are much larger than most dolphins and porpoises.
Whales are nice.
Whales are no exception.
Whales are no more or less an important part of the food chain than most other animals.
Whales are occasional visitors, as well.
Whales are once again in peril.
Whales are one of the resources to which the concept of sustainable use is applicable.
Whales are phenomenal creatures.
Whales are playful and carefree.
Whales are plentiful.
Whales are probably able to excrete large quantities of urine with their kidneys.
Whales are rare and seabirds uncommon, due in large part to unpredictable open water conditions.
Whales are rare, except for the occasional narwhal .
Whales are scarce as hen's teeth whenever thou art up here.
Whales are ships.
Whales are smarter.
Whales are social animals.
Whales are still most densely concentrated on the southern half of the bank.
Whales are still there but in depleted numbers.
Whales are streamlined, almost hairless, entirely aquatic.
Whales are strong powerful swimmers.
Whales are the centerpiece of our culture and tradition.
Whales are the feature attraction of our tours.
Whales are the hippopotamus 's closest living relatives .
Whales are the hippopotamus's closest living relatives.
Whales are the largest and most stable nekton in the ocean.
Whales are the largest animals ever to live and reside in the oceans and coastal areas.
Whales are the largest animals in the ocean , and in Antarctica .
Whales are the largest animals in the ocean, and in Antarctica.
Whales are the largest known animal and they live in the deep blue oceans.
Whales are the largest living creatures on earth, and the the longest living animal on earth.
Whales are the largest things in the world.
Whales are the longest living animal on earth.
Whales are the most biggest animals in the world.
Whales are the most specialized of all mammals.
Whales are the most wonderful creatures on Earth.
Whales are the subject of an interactive video and fact book.
Whales are then a primary consumer.
Whales are thought to sleep around eight hours a day .
Whales are thought to sleep around eight hours a day.
Whales are uniquely special creatures.
Whales are unpredictable critters, but schools of dolphins are usually plentiful.
Whales are usually much larger, whereas porpoises are smaller.
Whales are very good at remembering, and seem to have a great deal to talk about.
Whales are very visible from the roadside turnouts.
Whales are very vulnerable where there are a lot of boats nearby.
Whales are vital to sustaining healthy marine life by regulating the food flow of the ocean.
Whales are warm blooded.
Whales are warm-blooded mammals that spend their time in the sea.
Whales are warm-blooded mammals who spend their entire lives in the open sea.
Whales arrive each year at the oceanfront and even a birth or two have been great events.
Whales attain full size.
Whales attain size.
Whales begin life.
Whales blow the water off their blowholes before taking in a breath.
Whales breathe air.
Whales breathe out of the top of their head from a blowhole.
Whales breathe through blowholes .
Whales breathe through blowholes, which are located on top of their heads.
Whales breathe through blowholes.
Whales breathe through their mouths noses blowholes.
Whales breathe with their lungs.
Whales breed on average in three-year cycles.
Whales can be challenging subjects when it comes to exposure.
Whales can be so plentiful in some other places that sightings are virtually perfect.
Whales can be very sociable.
Whales can be wall mounted or placed on a mirror.
Whales can make a variety of sounds.
Whales carry vital clues that help measure the health of the oceans.
Whales catch krill.
Whales close mouths.
Whales come from mammals.
Whales come here to the Hawaiian Islands all the way from Alaska.
Whales come in pods.
Whales come near shore in late spring and early summer on their way to the Arctic.
Whales come to Hawaii in the winter.
Whales come to the surface regularly to breathe air.
Whales communicate with each other by clicking.
Whales communicate with one another through a wide variety of whistles, squeaks and whines.
Whales communicate with sounds similar to the trumpeting of elephants.
Whales conserve heat.
Whales consume animals.
Whales consume fish.
Whales consume kgs.
Whales consume other animals.
Whales consume prey.
Whales consume small prey.
Whales continuously travel throughout the oceans all of their lives.
Whales create sound.
Whales cry in pain just like any other animal and whales in the vicinity hear that.
Whales depend on hearing the way humans depend on sight.
Whales depend on sound.
Whales depend on underwater sound.
Whales detect sound.
Whales dive routinely to very deep depths.
Whales do as well.
Whales do drink sea water, but they also get water from their food.
Whales do it too.
Whales do the same thing as they swim, showing their ancient terrestrial heritage.
Whales do their tails very nicely-they've had so long to evolve.
Whales drink sea water.
Whales drink water.
Whales eat a huge amount of fish etc., and the balance of the ecosystem is collapsing.
Whales eat certain kinds of squid, which are a reddish-pinkish color.
Whales eat diets.
Whales eat fish and krill.
Whales eat fish.
Whales eat food.
Whales eat krill, fish, squid and seals.
Whales eat krill.
Whales eat organisms.
Whales eat plankton.
Whales eat salmon.
Whales eat seals and other sea mammals to stay alive.
Whales eat small organisms called plankton as food.
Whales eat zooplankton.
Whales either have the transmitter implanted into their body or bolted onto their dorsal fin.
Whales engage in activities.
Whales enjoy life.
Whales enjoy reproductive life.
Whales enter antarctic water.
Whales enter bays.
Whales enter water.
Whales evolve from ancestors.
Whales evolve over years.
Whales exhibit behaviour.
Whales expel air.
Whales feed by gulping in water and forcing it out through the baleen, trapping the tiny plankton.
Whales feed in blue waters teeming with fish.
Whales feed in one of two ways.
Whales feed on animals.
Whales feed on fish.
Whales feed on krill.
Whales feed on phytoplankton.
Whales feed on plankton.
Whales feed on prey that live between the second and seventh levels of the food chain.
Whales feed on small animals.
Whales feed on zooplankton.
Whales feed their young with milk from their mammary glands.
Whales fill an important part in the food chain .
Whales find along coasts.
Whales find in antarctic water.
Whales find in water.
Whales gather food.
Whales get emotional.
Whales get quite large.
Whales graze on microorganisms.
Whales grow to feet.
Whales have (part) brains.
Whales have (part) breasts.
Whales have (part) cell membranes.
Whales have (part) cells.
Whales have (part) chest cavities.
Whales have (part) chests.
Whales have (part) corpi.
Whales have (part) cytoplasm.
Whales have (part) ears.
Whales have (part) faces.
Whales have (part) flippers.
Whales have (part) heads.
Whales have (part) nuclei.
Whales have (part) pedal extremities.
Whales have (part) piluses.
Whales have (part) plasma membranes.
Whales have (part) rib cages.
Whales have (part) sections.
Whales have (part) skulls.
Whales have (part) sterna.
Whales have (part) vacuoles.
Whales have (part) vertebrate feet.
Whales have a far longer life span than most other animals.
Whales have a further major claim to evolutionary fame.
Whales have a global range, to the point that species of whale can be found in every ocean.
Whales have a great deal of blubber because they are bigger.
Whales have a habit of appearing at meal times.
Whales have a larynx, but no cords.
Whales have a number of physical features that they use to perform deep dives.
Whales have a thick layer of fat , or blubber , that can be melted down to make oil .
Whales have a thick layer of fat under their skin called blubber .
Whales have a thick layer of fat under their skin called blubber.
Whales have a thick layer of fat, or blubber, that can be melted down to make oil.
Whales have actions.
Whales have acute hearing, so it was important to approach quietly.
Whales have an elongated head, especially baleen whales , due to the wide overhanging jaw.
Whales have babies.
Whales have baleen plates.
Whales have baleen.
Whales have barnacles.
Whales have bellybuttons, too.
Whales have blow holes.
Whales have blubber.
Whales have bones.
Whales have bony skulls.
Whales have brains.
Whales have breaths.
Whales have continuous distribution.
Whales have diets.
Whales have distribution.
Whales have dorsal fins.
Whales have expectancy.
Whales have eyes.
Whales have features.
Whales have few anatomical features re- maining that are reminiscent of their land life.
Whales have fins.
Whales have flat heads.
Whales have flippers, flukes, and blowholes.
Whales have flippers.
Whales have full stomachs.
Whales have glands.
Whales have global distribution.
Whales have hair around their blow holes.
Whales have hair, although they have a lot less than land mammals, and have almost none as adults.
Whales have hair.
Whales have heads.
Whales have hearts.
Whales have holes.
Whales have horizontal tail fins.
Whales have horizontal tails and show a lot of black.
Whales have huge jaws.
Whales have important roles.
Whales have incredibly sensitive hearing and can hear for miles.
Whales have jaws.
Whales have large baleen.
Whales have larger brains than sharks.
Whales have length.
Whales have life expectancy.
Whales have little teeth.
Whales have lungs and breathe air.
Whales have lungs.
Whales have mammalian brains.
Whales have mammary glands with which they nourish their young.
Whales have massive skulls.
Whales have methods.
Whales have muscles.
Whales have near perfect adaptation to a watery environment.
Whales have needs of certain specific areas.
Whales have no hind limbs and, therefore, no hip or leg bones.
Whales have only two enemies-man and the killer whale.
Whales have pelves.
Whales have penises.
Whales have plates.
Whales have poor vision.
Whales have powerful jaws.
Whales have real bones.
Whales have riders, too.
Whales have roles.
Whales have senses.
Whales have shape flippers.
Whales have skin.
Whales have skulls.
Whales have small eyes, designed to withstand great pressures, and most species have good vision.
Whales have smooth, rubbery skin that slips easily through the water.
Whales have some basic shape but they differ in many ways.
Whales have songs.
Whales have special mouth parts for obtaining food.
Wolves mark their territory with scent.
Wolves mark their territory with urine and faeces.
Wolves mark their territory with urine and scat.
Wolves mate for life and protect their mates even though the mates are as good as they are.
Wolves mate for life are intensely loyal to their kind.
Wolves mate for life, and are gentle towards one another.
Wolves mate for life.
Wolves mate for life.
Wolves mate in the winter or early spring, and the pups are born approximately two months later.
Wolves mate in the winter.
Wolves mate once a year, generally in early spring.
Wolves mill around.
Wolves mostly eat deer or deer mice.
Wolves mostly eat hoofed animals like deer, moose, elk and caribou.
Wolves never expect gifts.
Wolves never worry about germs.
Wolves normally are very shy animals.
Wolves normally hunt for deer.
Wolves normally prey mostly on the old, sick, or weakest animals which are the easiest to catch.
Wolves normally stay away from man.
Wolves now show up as black pixels on the radar map.
Wolves occasionally eat garbage and livestock as well.
Wolves occur primarily in wilderness and remote areas.
Wolves occur throughout the park and preserve, traveling in packs or family groups as they hunt.
Wolves only kill to eat.
Wolves only mate at certain times of the year, which vary between populations.
Wolves pair up but run in packs.
Wolves pass through.
Wolves play a key role in keeping ecosystems healthy.
Wolves play a very valuable role in our ecology.
Wolves play an important role as predator in the ecosystems they inhabit.
Wolves play with each before mating so that they can get to know one another.
Wolves pose both a practical and a symbolic threat.
Wolves pose threats.
Wolves possess a keen sense of smell and acute hearing.
Wolves possess an ability to cause emotions to come rolling out of many people.
Wolves possess genotype.
Wolves possess glands.
Wolves possess instinct.
Wolves possess one of the strongest social structures second only to primates and humans.
Wolves possess sweat glands.
Wolves pour off lots handball equipment.
Wolves prefer natural prey to livestock.
Wolves prefer prey.
Wolves prefer their den sites to be located on elevated areas near water.
Wolves prefer to avoid humans, and so do the wolf-dogs.
Wolves prefer to feed on viscera and hind limbs, say biologists.
Wolves prefer to feed upon large ungulates such as deer, elk, moose, and bison.
Wolves prefer ungulates.
Wolves prey on animals.
Wolves prey on caribou.
Wolves prey on deer.
Wolves prey on members.
Wolves prey on moose and caribou across most of the boreal forest.
Wolves prey on moose.
Wolves prey on ungulates - elk, deer, moose, bison and caribou.
Wolves prey primarily on large, hoofed mammals called ungulates.
Wolves prey primarily on large, hoofed mammals.
Wolves prey upon animals.
Wolves prey upon different animals.
Wolves prey upon mammals.
Wolves primarily eat large mammals such as deer and elk.
Wolves primarily eat meat.
Wolves primarily eat ungulates hoofed animals like deer, elk, and moose.
Wolves primarily hunt in packs for large prey such as moose, elk, bison, musk oxen, and reindeer.
Wolves primarily prey on deer, beaver and snowshoe hares.
Wolves primarily prey upon wild ungulates.
Wolves probably live there.
Wolves produce fertile offspring.
Wolves produce offspring.
Wolves promote wheelchair sports.
Wolves protect themselves from the elements with their thick fur coats.
Wolves raid the carcass.
Wolves rain on Idaho.
Wolves raise litters of pups that become independent by the time the next year's litter arrives.
Wolves range from all shades of gray, tan and brown topure white or solid black.
Wolves range from all shades of gray, tan, and brown to pure white or solid black.
Wolves range in color from grizzled gray or black to all-white.
Wolves range in color from white to black but are most commonly gray with a black tipped tail.
Wolves range in color, despite their common name, from almost white to black.
Wolves reach adult size and maturity when they are one year old.
Wolves reach maturity.
Wolves reach sexual maturity at two years of age.
Wolves reach sexual maturity.
Wolves reach social maturity.
Wolves readily travel down roads for hunting and dispersing, especially dirt and gravel roads.
Wolves reports on denning behavior of pseudopregnant wolves as well as of ovariectomized wolves.
Wolves represent a part of the American heritage lost to pavement and plazas.
Wolves reproduce when the alpha male and female of a pack mate and bear offspring.
Wolves require food.
Wolves reside in highlands.
Wolves resist Scene over justice below an las vegas golf course home how match beneath that teacher.
Wolves roam areas.
Wolves roam earth.
Wolves roam forests.
Wolves roam regions.
Wolves run in packs in order to survive.
Wolves run in packs to kill.
Wolves run in packs, and comumicate through their howls.
Wolves run on their toes.
Wolves run with a bounding gait and their tail is held horizontally.
Wolves score twice in the last three minutes of the game to tie.
Wolves search for food.
Wolves seek prey.
Wolves seem to do very well when it comes to reproducing in captivity.
Wolves seize animals.
Wolves seize squirrels.
Wolves serve to balance the environment and to cull out the sick and weak prey animals.
Wolves share a crucial similarity to humans.
Wolves shed both their under-fur and their guard hairs in the spring.
Wolves shed their coats just like other canines.
Wolves shed their fur once a year.
Wolves show variation.
Wolves sink teeth.
Wolves spark intense emotions.
Wolves spurt that proved to be the key to the club's eventual victory.
Wolves stand in fields.
Wolves strike a stately pose of fierce independence, recalling the early days of America.
Wolves suffer from a bad reputation.
Wolves suffer from a variety of injuries and diseases.
Wolves support a wide variety of other animals.
Wolves surround a moose, keeping it from eating until it is too weak to fight well.
Wolves survive in areas.
Wolves survive in different areas.
Wolves survive in habitats.
Wolves survive in many areas.
Wolves survive in many different areas.
Wolves sweat through their foot pads when they get hot.
Wolves take advantage.
Wolves take below a affair and enter aga stove.
Wolves take down animals.
Wolves take down prey.
Wolves take on a lifelong mate, and like human families live together, and protect each other.
Wolves tear Saints apart .
Wolves tend to be larger than other canines, although some dog breeds can exceed their size.
Wolves tend to be loyal, respectful, and affectionate to their family members.
Wolves tend to concentrate on the neck, shoulders, and sides instead.
Wolves tend to consume meat from large species.
Wolves tend to fade in color throughout their lives.
Wolves tend to give long howls instead of the yapping calls that coyotes are known for.
Wolves tend to initiate play with other wolves by bowing.
Wolves tend to prey on the unfit, elderly, or young because they are easy targets.
Wolves tend to prey on young, weak, or sick animals, which are easier to catch.
Wolves threaten livestock.
Wolves track and mark everything in the wild by their scents.
Wolves travel in packs which can be as small as two wolves, or be as big as twenty wolves.
Wolves travel long distances in the course of a day.
Wolves travel on the wind-packed snow of northern lakes.
Wolves travel single file beneath frozen stars.
Wolves try to avoid people if they only can.
Wolves turn heads away from each other.
Wolves typically attack the hindquarters, flanks, shoulders, nose, and tail of their prey.
Wolves typically hunt in packs, but hunt solitarily as well.
Wolves typically live in areas where there is low human disturbance of the countryside.
Wolves typically select the weakest and easiest prey.
Wolves understand death perfectly.
Wolves understand that instincts are better than asking for directions.
Wolves urinate to mark their territory.
Wolves use a number of different howls.
Wolves use body language and facial expressions to communicate to each other.
Wolves use body language and facial expressions to communicate with each other.
Wolves use body language and vocalization to show other wolves how they feel about things.
Wolves use both chemical and vocal methods to mark territory and communicate.
Wolves use cattle as a tool to survive.
Wolves use different hunt techniques.
Wolves use different techniques.
Wolves use hunt techniques.
Wolves use many methods to define their territories.
Wolves use several types of vocalizations for different purposes.
Wolves use sight more than smell as their main sense.
Wolves use strength in numbers to chase down prey.
Wolves use teamwork to attack herds of caribou or musk ox for food.
Wolves use techniques.
Wolves use their bodies to communicate.
Wolves use their faces and tails to indicate their emotion and status in the pack.
Wolves use their teeth for grasping, owls their claws, and bullfrogs their tongues.
Wolves use their teeth, feet, eyes, nose, and ears to hunt.
Wolves vary greatly in colour.
Wolves vary in color from almost pure black to nearly white with every shade of gray between.
Wolves vary in size, depending on which part of the world they come from.
Wolves vary physically from one another.
Wolves vary vastly in their appearance.
Wolves walk softly to escape detection .
Wolves walk, trot, lope, or gallop.
Wolves wander stealthily through the tundra or in the mountains below the tree line.
Wolves want prey.
Wolves wear down their quarry by a long pursuit running at forty five mph.
Wolves work together very closely in hunting and in raising their young.
Wolves always howl more before a storm.
Wolves frequently howl more early morning and in the evening.
Wolves frequently use roads as travel routes.
Wolves often avoid humans, entirely.
Wolves often detect moose by scent.
Wolves often eat the sick, weak, diseased, injured, and the very young or old.
Wolves often enlarge existing coyote or fox dens.
Wolves often follow river beds, game trails, and old roads.
Wolves often go after sick, young, or old animals.
Wolves often go miles to find food.
Wolves often hunt in gangs, and sometimes they kill just for fun.
Wolves often make excellent bards and storytellers.
Wolves sometimes bark if their den is disturbed of if they are surprised.
Wolves sometimes establish life-long mates.
Wolves sometimes go several days without eating.
Wolves sometimes kill a calf or sick animal.
Wolves sometimes mate for life.
Wolves usually appear bigger than they really are because of their fur.
Wolves usually attack the old, weak, and the diseased.
Wolves usually bite the shoulders and flanks of the prey.
Wolves usually bite the shoulders and flanks.
Wolves usually chase coyotes away from areas they both use.
Wolves usually eat almost the entire carcass, including some hair and bones.
Wolves usually eat as much as they can.
Wolves usually feed on elk, deer, and moose.
Wolves usually have a regular pattern of visiting and marking their territories every few weeks.
Wolves usually hunt in packs for deer, moose, and beaver.
Wolves usually hunt large mammals like moose and deer and key in on old, weak, or injured animals.
Wolves usually live in groups called packs.
Wolves usually live in packs of two to twelve.
Wolves usually mate for life.
Wolves usually rear their pups in dens for the first six weeks.
Wolves usually rest during the day and hunt in the early morning or in the evening.
Wolves usually utilize the entire carcass, including some hair and bones.
All wolves approach gate, turn from observer.
All wolves are consumers, because consumers take energy from producers.
All wolves follow as they are either aroused or curious.
All wolves have a right to be Free.
All wolves lie down or walk with heads turned from observer.
Many wolves sniff ground.
Most wolves achieve dominance.
Most wolves are a part of a pack for a lifetime.
Most wolves are gray.
Most wolves are vegetarians now.
Most wolves attack large prey.
Most wolves attack prey.
Most wolves bring food.
Most wolves compete for prey.
Most wolves consume prey.
Most wolves defend territory.
Most wolves die of human factors such as collisions with vehicles or are shot by hunters.
Most wolves eat animals.
Most wolves eat cattle.
Most wolves eat critters.
Most wolves eat deer.
Most wolves eat different animals.
Most wolves eat fruit vegetable meat.
Most wolves eat hares.
Most wolves eat large prey.
Most wolves eat mammals.
Most wolves eat many different animals.
Most wolves eat meat.
Most wolves eat prey.
Most wolves eat rabbits.
Most wolves eat sheep.
Most wolves eat small mammals.
Most wolves establish positions.
Most wolves feed on elk.
Most wolves feed on rodents.
Most wolves find food.
Most wolves follow caribou.
Most wolves follow deer.
Most wolves follow rabbits.
Most wolves get food.
Most wolves give birth to pups.
Most wolves has-part jaws.
Most wolves has-part teeth.
Most wolves have chances.
Most wolves have coats.
Most wolves have diets.
Most wolves have ears.
Most wolves have foreheads.
Most wolves have gray foreheads.
Most wolves have heavy coats.
Most wolves have jaws.
Most wolves have large paws.
Most wolves have legs.
Most wolves have mates.
Most wolves have offspring.
Most wolves have paws.
Most wolves have strong jaws.
Most wolves have teeth.
Most wolves have toes.
Most wolves have yellow eyes.
Most wolves kill animals.
Most wolves kill bison.
Most wolves kill coyotes.
Most wolves kill deer.
Most wolves kill elk.
Most wolves kill foxes.
Most wolves kill lambs.
Most wolves kill livestock.
Most wolves kill mammals.
Most wolves kill men.
Most wolves kill prey.
Most wolves kill rabbits.
Most wolves kill sheep.
Most wolves leave original packs.
Most wolves leave packs.
Most wolves live in climates.
Most wolves live in Europe, Asia and North America.
Most wolves live in forests.
Most wolves live in habitats.
Most wolves live in packs, usually made up of fewer than eight individuals.
Most wolves live in packs.
Most wolves live in regions.
Most wolves live in temperature.
Most wolves live in the northern regions such as Alaska, Minnesota, Canada, China, and Russia.
Most wolves live on food.
Most wolves live on tundra.
Most wolves maintain diversity.
Most wolves maintain genetic diversity.
Most wolves mate for life.
Most wolves never cause problems.
Most wolves now occupy Alaska, the Northwest Territories, and the Canadian provinces.
Most wolves pose threats.
Most wolves possess genotype.
Most wolves possess glands.
Most wolves possess instinct.
Most wolves possess sweat glands.
Most wolves prefer prey.
Most wolves prey on animals.
Most wolves prey on caribou.
Most wolves prey on deer.
Most wolves prey on members.
Most wolves prey on moose.
Most wolves prey upon animals.
Most wolves prey upon different animals.
Most wolves prey upon mammals.
Most wolves produce fertile offspring.
Most wolves produce offspring.
Most wolves reach maturity.
Most wolves reach sexual maturity.
Most wolves reach social maturity.
Most wolves require food.
Most wolves reside in highlands.
Most wolves seek prey.
Most wolves seize animals.
Most wolves seize squirrels.
Most wolves show variation.
Most wolves sink teeth.
Most wolves stand in fields.
Most wolves survive in areas.
Most wolves survive in different areas.
Most wolves survive in habitats.
Most wolves survive in many areas.
Most wolves survive in many different areas.
Most wolves take advantage.
Most wolves take down animals.
Most wolves take down prey.
Most wolves threaten livestock.
Most wolves use different hunt techniques.
Most wolves use different techniques.
Most wolves use hunt techniques.
Most wolves use techniques.
Some wolf sighting has pets.
Some wolves adapt to food.
Some wolves affect communities.
Some wolves affect plant communities.
Some wolves are hairy on the inside.
Some wolves are higher and some are lower.
Some wolves are pure white or jet black in color, gray wolves however, are the most common.
Some wolves are snowy white, black or gray, or a mixture of fawn, cream, gray, white, and black.
Some wolves attack humans.
Some wolves attack huntsmen.
Some wolves avoid contact.
Some wolves avoid predators.
Some wolves become companions.
Some wolves become members.
Some wolves can live up to ten years.
Some wolves come into contact.
Some wolves conserve energy.
Some wolves destroy livestock.
Some wolves die before adulthood.
Some wolves die before reach adulthood.
Some wolves eat bones.
Some wolves eat caribou.
Some wolves eat dogs.
Some wolves eat domestic dogs.
Some wolves eat ducks.
Some wolves eat goats.
Some wolves eat lambs.
Some wolves eat melons.
Some wolves eat mice.
Some wolves eat pigs.
Some wolves eat ungulates.
Some wolves eat voles.
Some wolves eat woodchucks.
Some wolves emerge from forests.
Some wolves emerge from locations.
Some wolves feed on bugs.
Some wolves follow animals.
Some wolves follow cattle.
Some wolves follow elk.
Some wolves follow sheep.
Some wolves get chances.
Some wolves have a high pitched howl and still others have a gravely sounding howl.
Some wolves have attachment.
Some wolves have capacity.
Some wolves have chests.
Some wolves have definite impact.
Some wolves have degrees.
Work involves driving and operating trucks and some heavy equipment.
Work involves electric welding, gas welding, and the fabrication of tools, structures and equipment.
Work involves employment relations, personal injury and class action work.
Work involves examining and preparing legal opinions, briefs, memoranda and other legal documents.
Work involves examining and preparing legal opinions, briefs, memoranda, and other legal documents.
Work involves exposure to disagreeable environmental conditions and moderate physical effort.
Work involves extensive client contact.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, bending and moving a cart.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, bending and moving materials.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, bending and moving objects.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, lifting and moving materials.
Work involves extensive standing, reaching, stooping, lifting and moving objects.
Work involves extensive travel to farms, factories and villages.
Work involves extensive worldwide travel.
Work involves extensive, overnight travel throughout the state.
Work involves financial responsibility and liability for commissary merchandise and fixed assets.
Work involves following simple instructions and established procedures.
Work involves formulating policies, developing procedures and supervising the day to day operation.
Work involves general administrative support to the Superintendent of Streets.
Work involves general landscape maintenance and custodial maintenance.
Work involves general radiography, equipment design and synthesis.
Work involves grading compositions for grammar, clarity, punctuation, style, etc.
Work involves handling and testing of pesticides which pose a possible health hazard.
Work involves handling small research animals requiring the use of appropriate safety precautions.
Work involves heavy lifting, dragging and stacking of product.
Work involves identifying issues, collecting data and seeking strategic solutions.
Work involves independent decision making on problems encountered within a defined activity area.
Work involves independent judgment based upon a broad background of experience.
Work involves initiative in the performance of assigned duties.
Work involves inspecting the records of real estate offices and investigating complaints.
Work involves installing water mains, transmission mains, valves, hydrants, valve boxes, etc.
Work involves instructing clients in rehabilitation therapeutic activities.
Work involves instructing clients in rehabilitation therapy activities.
Work involves interviewing clients and others to obtain information.
Work involves interviewing families and reviewing applications.
Work involves investigating group home properties in relation to zoning requirements.
Work involves irregular hours and days.
Work involves learning basic skills and techniques.
Work involves lifeguarding, cleaning, and instructing.
Work involves lifting heavy objects, operating large equipment and using strength.
Work involves loading and unloading washers, washer-extractors, and extractors.
Work involves maintaining and checking the aircraft and troubleshooting aircraft systems.
Work involves maintaining sportsmanship games and monitoring and maintaining playground facilities.
Work involves maintaining the files of documents, correspondence, reports, and related materials.
Work involves maintenance, installation, and modification of various types of machines.
Work involves major policy issues that cross agency and program area lines.
Work involves manual tasks, both routine and special.
Work involves meeting and surveying community groups.
Work involves modeling dendritic microstructure formation during solidification.
Work involves monitoring network resources and in performing corrective action when necessary.
Work involves movement of objects through a distance.
Work involves moving and arranging furniture and displays.
Work involves network configuration, administration, support and maintenance.
Work involves network installation, testing, maintenance, and enhancement.
Work involves obtaining information and planning treatment services for clients.
Work involves occasional instruction and training of a small group of employees.
Work involves one or a combination of the following tasks.
Work involves one or more of many interesting aspects listed below.
Work involves operating all sprayers owned by the county.
Work involves operating automated office in either a stand-alone, network, or mainframe environment.
Work involves operating motor vehicles in transporting passengers or cargo.
Work involves operating mowing equipment, trimmers, backpack blowers and edgers.
Work involves operation of all equipment, including participation in console-based dialogue.
Work involves operation of assigned laundry equipment to meet workload requirements.
Work involves organizing and evaluating photographic activities.
Work involves organizing, conducting, and evaluating educational and training programs.
Work involves overseeing the submitting and monitoring of jobs to be performed by the computer.
Work involves participating in the basic police training programs and alternative Police functions.
Work involves performance of varied and difficult secretarial and administrative duties.
Work involves performing a variety of clerical tasks in the daily operation of the landfill.
Work involves performing a variety of diagnostic radiographs on inpatients and outpatients.
Work involves performing a variety of related tasks necessary in the operation of equipment.
Work involves performing assigned duties that require manipulative skill.
Work involves performing engineering design work, calculating costs, and conducting various studies.
Work involves performing general secretarial and office manage-ment duties in a field office.
Work involves performing general secretarial and office support duties in a field office.
Work involves performing patrol duties in an assigned area on an assigned shift.
Work involves personnel, fiscal and budgetary responsibilities.
Work involves physical or manual labor.
Work involves planning and directing major forestry programs, activities and staff in a district.
Work involves planning and directing the functions of the firearms range.
Work involves planning and implementing procedures in the acquisition of goods and services.
Work involves planning of new parks and additional development within established parks.
Work involves planning, assigning and reviewing the activities of a unit of lower level auditors.
Work involves planning, design, and implementation.
Work involves planning, excavation, research, reconstruction, and publication writing.
Work involves planning, organizing and directing the daily operation of a computer center.
Work involves planning, organizing, and conducting rehabilitative counseling programs.
Work involves planning, organizing, directing and providing limited program services to the public.
Work involves planning, organizing, directing and supervising all departments of the plant.
Work involves planning, organizing, directing, and evaluating photographic activities.
Work involves planning, preparing, seasoning and cooking food.
Work involves potential exposure to hazardous materials.
Work involves programming robots and doing grasping experiments with sample parts.
Work involves prolonged sitting and the extensive use of a PC and telephone.
Work involves protecting human life and maintaining order at a state park public swimming facility.
Work involves providing a graded program of activity as needed for individuals and for small groups.
Work involves providing consultative and technical services.
Work involves providing field assistance and performs follow-up inspections.
Work involves providing for the care and treatment of patients and clients.
Work involves providing for the care, treatment, and general welfare of patients.
Work involves providing for the dental care, treatment, and welfare of patients.
Work involves providing legal consultative and technical services.
Work involves providing library services to children or adults at the main library or at the branch.
Work involves providing nursing services for employees who becomes ill or injured on the job.
Work involves providing professional nursing care to patients in a hospital or nursing home.
Work involves providing rehabilitative services for clients with mental impairments.
Work involves providing security of state owned buildings.
Work involves providing support and technical assistance to other staff members and troubleshooting.
Work involves providing technical support in the overall operations of the program.
Work involves psychological testing, programming, diagnosing, counseling, reporting, and research.
Work involves public contact which requires exercising tact and restraint.
Work involves purchasing high dollar commodities and equipment in the open market or by contract.
Work involves purposefulness and intentionality .
Work involves quantitative and qualitative chemical analysis of organic and inorganic materials.
Work involves reading, writing, and ascertaining the correctness of mathematical assertions.
Work involves receiving cash and checks for a variety of transactions.
Work involves receiving instruction on basic defensive tactics.
Work involves recording and transcribing verbatim testimonies and statements at hearings.
Work involves regular and recurring exposure to the hazards of radiation and communicable diseases.
Work involves removing shrubs and trees and existing fences, and excavation activities.
Work involves repairing, mending, and making alterations to clothing or household items.
Work involves repetitive tasks.
Work involves replacing or repairing worn or broken parts and installs accessories.
Work involves research in both geochemistry and molecular ecology.
Work involves researching problems and recommending resolutions for approval.
Work involves researching selected topics and preparing brief descriptions of each quality site.
Work involves resolving public complaints which call for a high degree of tact and diplomacy.
Work involves responsibility for a full range of research functions.
Work involves responsibility for a section of an archives department.
Work involves responsibility for all agency enforcement activities in an enforcement region.
Work involves responsibility for cleaning and minor maintenance work in public buildings.
Work involves responsibility for darkroom processing of black and white, color, or radiologic film.
Work involves responsibility for participation in long-term program planning and policy development.
Work involves responsibility for several staff services functions such as recruitment and training.
Work involves rotating days off and working on holidays.
Work involves routine operation of all equipment including participation in console-based dialogue.
Work involves routine operation of equipment, including participati on in console-based dialogue.
Work involves scheduling media production activities and assigning work to subordinate staff.
Work involves serving as a liaison with other county, state, federal, and community agencies.
Work involves serving as a principal assistant to the director of a county drug and alcohol program.
Work involves setting up mist-nets, removing birds from nets, recording data, and banding birds.
Work involves shift, weekend and holiday work.
Work involves some contact with the general public.
Work involves some disagreeable aspects and physical effort.
Work involves some disagreeable aspects.
Work involves some standing and lifting.
Work involves staff inspections and legislative analysis.
Work involves stooping which requires the use of legs and feet.
Work involves studying selected infectious disease outbreaks and working in immunization clinics.
Work involves substantial public contact with citizens and law violators.
Work involves supervising and administering law enforcement and security activities.
Work involves supervising and coordinating statewide real estate appraisal projects.
Work involves supervising investigative activities.
Work involves supervising law enforcement and security activities.
Work involves supervising operational areas such as maintenance, security and revenue collection.
Work involves supervising the work of inmates to ensure the efficient operation of a factory.
Work involves supervising, planning, and overall coordination of program activities.
Work involves supervision of field inspection staff and determinations of animal diseases.
Work involves teaching and training clients with mental impairments.
Work involves technical and clerical functions necessary for the disciplinary process.
Work involves technical writing, editing, proofreading and web design skills.
Work involves the application of paint to a variety of surfaces using a brush or spray gun.
Work involves the application of psychotherapeutic theories and practices.
Work involves the collection of tax revenues the enforcement of tax laws.
Work involves the delivery and processing of incoming and outgoing mail for the agency.
Work involves the development of new polymers and resins and new processing methods.
Work involves the development of transcript and lexicon resources in various languages.
Work involves the direct supervision of all work units and clerical staff within the office.
Work involves the direct supervision of inmate work groups in their daily assigned duties.
Work involves the financial oversight of complex and often specialized programs.
Work involves the installation of a pipe organ and building modifications.
Work involves the movement of objects through a distance.
Work involves the performance of legal services and assisting in courtroom procedures.
Work involves the performance of various specific, recurring tasks.
Work involves the repair and reconditioning of the surfaces of vehicles and equipment.
Work involves the resolution of network communication problems.
Work involves the safe delivery of products of products to restaurants.
Work involves the set up of rooms for conferences, classes and social events.
Work involves the submitting and monitoring of jobs to be performed by the computer.
Work involves the transportation, storage, and delivery of materials, supplies, and equipment.
Work involves the use of chemicals and heavy equipment.
Work involves the use of state of the art technologies to realize the application.
Work involves time and political pressures.
Work involves training in officer and offender relations, security, and corrections management.
Work involves training new staff and monitoring their work progress.
Work involves transporting inmates to and from various work sites and supervising inmate work crews.
Work involves travel and coordination of networking, organising meeting, web-based databases etc.
Work involves travel and coordination of networking, organising meetings, web-based databases etc.
Work involves use of hand and power tools, plumb bobs, levels, wedges, dogs, or turnbuckles.
Work involves use of hand and power woodworking tools and careful workmanship.
Work involves using measuring instruments and following rolling orders or blueprints.
Work involves using measuring instruments, machines, or hand tools.
Work involves utilizing a central computerized communications system.
Work involves varied tasks and is checked for accuracy and completeness.
Work involves varied, moderately complex work methods.
Work involves walking, standing, speaking, driving.
Work involves writing a lot of white papers and prototype development.
Work involves writing news releases, advertisements, etc.
Work involving invisible laser radiation, or high power lasers, requires particular care.
Work involving manual drawing is particularly prone to cause delays and expense.
Work involving order of operations and the use of formulas is addressed as well.
Work involving other people requires office employees to be personable and tactful.
Work involving sensitive issues is handled with tact.
Work involving subconscious memory and regression is, perhaps, one of the greatest endeavors.
Work involving the care or instruction of minors is exempted.
Work involving web site design, off-beat internet programming, graphics and databases is sought.
Work inwards to create a spiral shape.
Work is . . .
Work is a beautiful four-letter word.
Work is a beautiful opportunity to serve the divine in others.
Work is a better approach.
Work is a big draw.
Work is a big part of almost everyone's life.
Work is a big part of beekeeping.
Work is a blessing.
Work is a central part of our adult lives.
Work is a change in energies elicited by a force that travels.
Work is a comprehensive event of leadership development for pastors, staff, and key lay leaders.
Work is a consuming part of life in America.
Work is a core issue in the global economy.
Work is a development of the computer software.
Work is a difficult concept.
Work is a dirty word.
Work is a dominant theme in the lives of most people.
Work is a drag.
Work is a dynamic energy, a transfer of energy from one system to another.
Work is a few months ahead of schedule.
Work is a first priority, after school.
Work is a force exerted on an object.
Work is a form of prayer.
Work is a four letter word.
Work is a fulfilling human vocation.
Work is a fundamental element in living a worth while life.
Work is a fundamental part of our humanity.
Work is a fundamental part of our lives.
Work is a funny thing.
Work is a gift given for the common good.
Work is a gift, a vocation.
Work is a gift.
Work is a good excuse for poor climbing fitness.
Work is a good thing.
Work is a good way to avoid distractions.
Work is a good way to learn about other culture.
Work is a great place.
Work is a great portion of people's lives.
Work is a group activity.
Work is a holy labor.
Work is a huge part of everyone's life.
Work is a human right.
Work is a little slow here now.
Work is a low priority.
Work is a major component of our lives.
Work is a major value in German life, a major motivating drive that runs the entire society.
Work is a matter of honor for every citizen who is able to work.
Work is a means by which the gospel can be brought to the world.
Work is a means of worship and ministry.
Work is a means to an unknown end.
Work is a means to earn the income needed to support that real life.
Work is a measure of energy.
Work is a measure of our independence and a large part of our identities.
Work is a microcosm of the world.
Work is a monthly updated section discussing emerging business ideas and trends.
Work is a natural and necessary aspect of the Christian life.
Work is a necessary and defining activity in the development of the adult personality.
Work is a necessary and valuable part of human experience.
Work is a necessity for man.
Work is a necessity of life, but it is never an end in itself.
Work is a nice collaboration that showcases their offbeat music.
Work is a pain.
Work is a part of human dignity.
Work is a part of the community, too.
Work is a positive activity.
Work is a prime example of creating value in the world, of achieving goals, of applying values.
Work is a privilege and a virtue under capitalism.
Work is a privilege.
Work is a process by which energy changes forms.
Work is a quantity of energy given in the unit of Joules.
Work is a real time-robber.
Work is a release, a challenge and enjoyable.
Work is a rubber ball.
Work is a sacrament.
Work is a scalar, a number with units.
Work is a scalar.
Work is a significant source of stress for many people.
Work is a social setting.
Work is a sorry god whose reward is strangely empty.
Work is a source of disutility or dissatisfaction.
Work is a source of physical and emotional distress on the whole person.
Work is a spiritual exercise.
Work is a theme that runs throughout.
Work is a vast, largely untapped arena for conscious personal growth.
Work is a vehicle for our creations to be a blessing to the world.
Work is a very concrete idea with some weird applications.
Work is a very different reality.
Work is a very important aspect to the Virgo's life.
Work is a very important part of their life, the most enjoyable thing they do all day.
Work is a vital part of human existence.
Work is a vital part of life.
Work is a way for everyone to contribute to the common good of the entire community.
Work is a way of love.
Work is a way to serve other people and to enrich their lives.
Work is a whirlwind of writing, traveling, writing and more writing.
Work is a zero sum game in which only the fittest survive.
Work is about clients and exchanging money for pixels.
Work is about daily meaning as well as daily bread.
Work is about to begin on the station winterization project.
Work is about two-thirds complete.
Work is abundant.
Work is accelerated only if the requester is willing to pay for contracted assistance.
Work is acceptable but often late.
Work is accepted all year around.
Work is accepted in sequential order.
Work is accepted on a satisfactory or unsatisfactory basis.
Work is accepted on confirmed PO's with specs.
Work is accepted until closing.
Work is accompanied by an extensive bibliography of Mexican literature on topic.
Work is accomplished at no cost to using department.
Work is accomplished below.
Work is accomplished by individually negotiated delivery orders.
Work is accomplished in two distinct phases.
Work is accomplished independently and at a higher warrant.
Work is accomplished independently with little or no technical assistance or review.
Work is accomplished individually with a faculty member.
Work is accomplished on an object any time a net force acts over a particular displacement , d .
Work is accomplished through a mix of in-house and outsourced contracted services.
Work is accomplished through influence and persuasion, as well as by delegated authority.
Work is accomplished through use of in-house staff and consultants.
Work is accomplished through virtually paperless processes.
Work is accomplished under close supervision.
Work is accomplished with considerable independence.
Work is accomplished within a broad framework, with authority and responsibility in area of service.
Work is accomplished within a broad framework, with authority and responsibly in area of service.
Work is accomplished within pre-defined budgets and time constraints.
Work is accurate and presentation is creative and attractive.
Work is accurate, clearly presented, and useful.
Work is accurate, thorough, and documented appropriately.
Work is accurate, thorough, and timely.
Work is actively underway for the first national homeowners' onsite insurance program.
Work is activities.
Work is adjusted to each student's level of preparation.
Work is aimed at identifying elements that are important for regional control of imprinted genes.
Work is a'ite.
Work is all about job satisfaction.
Work is all about laser cooling of atoms.
Work is all about the results.
Work is all consuming and life is racing ahead with the incessant ticking of the clock.
Work is all they know.
Work is allocated depending on a person's gifts.
Work is almost at standstill.
Work is almost complete on hooking up the azimuth servo.
Work is almost complete on setting up a related works enquiry option and a Boolean search option.
Work is almost complete on the electric fence that Kuwait is erecting along the border.
Work is already in hand.
Work is already in progress and much has already been achieved.
Work is already in progress on new additions and enhancements for the web site.
Work is already under way at both sites.
Work is already under way for our first chapter to serve the area along the Arkansas River.
Work is already under way on Britain's first offshore wind farm.
Work is already under way on subsequent titles in the series.
Work is already underway as some bases for the lights are being set now.
Work is already underway at several sites.
Work is already underway in many critical areas.
Work is already underway inplanning for potential follow-on sessions for next year's conference.
Work is already underway on a second gene transfer experiment.
Work is already underway on the analysis and technical specification element of the project.
Work is already underway on the remaining two collections.
Work is already underway on two south-north canals associated with the project.
Work is already underway preparing the wall for the artist.
Work is already underway to develop interactive forms and a search engine for the site.
Work is already underway to implement the plan.
Work is already underway to prepare for orientation, testing, and placement of students.
Work is already underway to provide an internet access point in every room in the college.
Work is already underway to refine the carrier requirement.
Work is already underway to restore and rehabilitate the prairie.
Work is already underway to review materials in physics, biology, teacher education and business.
Work is already underway to secure long-term funding for the job.
Work is already underway, meanwhile, to further upgrade the software.
Work is already underway.
Work is already well underway.
Work is also about to begin on the lower end of the new plaza, near the football field entrance.
Work is also available as weekends only.
Work is also available in other hospitals in the area.
Work is also due to start on the initial analysis and processing of the raw information.
Work is also enslavement.
Work is also good for Jimmy.
Work is also important because it can give very poor children a valuable role in their world.
Work is also in hand on manufacturing the new cylinder pattern.
Work is also in progress on a test method for evaluating adhesion in the field.
Work is also in progress on an open standard for ebooks.
Work is also in progress on developing a scheme for evaluating undergraduate engineering education.
Work is also in progress on liquid crystals.
Work is also in progress on the analysis of the X-ray spectra from Z pinch plasmas.
Work is also in progress on the extension to nonuniform grids.
Work is also in progress on the next wave of standards and related products.
Work is also in progress to compile a similar data base for Australia.
Work is also in progress to reach further back into the history of the paper.
Work is also ongoing in the development of specialised awareness displays for groupware systems.
Work is also ongoing in the development of the workload technical exhibit.
Work is also ongoing in the modelling of slack tethers for shallow-water ROVs.
Young kids can get on a swim team relatively early.
Young kids can get scared by something that seems innocuous.
Young kids can hold miniwalks, too.
Young kids can learn to associate slow moving vehicle emblems with dangerous equipment.
Young kids can play with help from an older child.
Young kids can test out their estimation skills without worrying about exact numbers.
Young kids can visit the castle and personalize the site with their favorite characters.
Young kids do it on their own.
Young kids do it, too.
Young kids do just fine.
Young kids don 't think about whether they're deaf or blind or anything.
Young kids grow up dreaming of pitching wedges instead of baseball bats.
Young kids have a lot of questions about dating, especially when they first hear about it.
Young kids have a very short attention span.
Young kids have capacity.
Young kids have their pagers, teens their phones and scientists their lap-tops.
Young kids keep changing their attitudes and preferences.
Young kids laugh all the time.
Young kids like to have a little distance from their parents.
Young kids love noise makers.
Young kids love to pretend to write letters even before they can read or write.
Young kids make mistakes.
Young kids pick it up quickly.
Young kids play an extremely important role in our lives.
Young kids relate well to the characters in stories.
Young kids ride the buses.
Young kids see the course as a big park to run and play in.
Young kids seem to have a lot of trouble learning to blow their noses.
Young kids start coming round the bus, tapping on the doors, shouting to come on.
Young kids take it seriously and teenagers see the humor in it.
Young kids tend to want to play one and two-minute spurts and then take one or two minutes off.
Young kids think they are omnipotent.
Young kids use inhalants because they are cheap and easy to get.
Young kids use people's faces as a way to recognize people.
Young kids watch a lot of TV and they are influenced by what they see.
All young kids do that.
Many young kids lack the verbal skills to deal with conflict and their own strong emotions.
Most young kids have capacity.
Some young kids love bug jars.
Some young kids run to see a dead body.
Young killdeer can be similar in size to Piping Plover, and also have only one ring.
Young killdeer look similar to adults, but their feathers have buff-colored edges.
Young kits tend to be nippy, but no more than a new kitten or puppy.
Young kittens are like baby humans, in a way.
Young kittens are more susceptible than adult cats.
Young kittens are most likely to be severely affected.
Young kittens are playful.
Young kittens are the most common carriers.
Young kittens are very susceptible to any germs that are floating around the shelter.
Young kittens drink milk.
Young kittens have low levels of a protein called neurofilaments while older cats have more.
Young kittens need milk.
Young kittens play using chasing and pouncing behaviors that seem to have their origin in predation.
Young kittens remain with mothers.
Young kittens to eat food.
Young kittens to eat solid food.
Most young kittens drink milk.
Most young kittens remain with mothers.
Young kiwi continue to grow slowly until they are about four years old.
Young kookaburras continue to live at home for about four years.
Young kookaburras help their parents to hunt and care for the smaller children .
Young kookaburras help their parents to hunt and care for the smaller children.
Young lad returns as a lout.
Young lads come into environments.
Young lads sweep, cook and tend fires.
Most young lads come into environments.
A young lady is a woman
Young ladies are welcome to write as penpals.
Young ladies can be an extended day camper or an overnight camper.
Young ladies don t use the restroom beside the road.
Young ladies flash their breasts, and sometimes more, in exchange for cheap beads.
Young ladies have the additional color option of navy.
Young ladies vow to use their endowed grace, beauty and charm to bring out the best in others.
Young ladybugs are little.
Young lambs are a grayish coloration with soft hooves and a black-brown tail.
Young lambs are also vulnerable to coccidia, especially during the stress of weaning.
Young lambs are in the fields, hares are on the fell and the daffodils are everywhere.
Young lambs are particularly susceptible and are likely to die.
Young lambs are particularly susceptible.
Young lampreys hatch after about a week of embryogenesis.
Young Langurs begin to sit and walk on their own after about two weeks.
Young larvae are bird-dropping mimics.
Young larvae are cream colored with black heads.
Young larvae are dark and resemble bird droppings.
Young larvae are dark colored with many transverse black, yellow, and white bands.
Young larvae are dark green and difficult to see.
Young larvae are greenish white, with black head and legs and black dots on the body.
Young larvae are greenish with a black head, the head turning orangish in the second instar.
Young larvae are gregarious and always feed in groups, principally on older needles.
Young larvae are gregarious, but become solitary as they mature.
Young larvae are legless and light yellow-green.
Young larvae are light green with a black head.
Young larvae are light green with black heads and are first seen at bud break.
Young larvae are more susceptible to the toxin than older larvae.
Young larvae are much more susceptible to the treatment than are older larvae.
Young larvae are nearly black and are covered with short, black hairs.
Young larvae are nearly white in color with numerous dark gray or black spots.
Young larvae are particularly light and buoyant because of their long hairs.
Young larvae are small and very difficult to find.
Young larvae are susceptible to insecticidal soaps and horticultural oils.
Young larvae are usually most susceptible.
Young larvae are very vulnerable to disease, but difficult to treat.
Young larvae are white and darken with age.
Young larvae are yellowish cream with black heads and faint greenish stripes along the body.
Young larvae are yellowish or yellowish green in color with a yellowish brown head capsule.
Young larvae begin feeding on scale tissue but as they mature, feed more on seeds.
Young larvae begin to construct a tent and enlarge the structure as they grow.
Young larvae chew small holes in leaves.
Young larvae construct hibernation sites on twigs or bark to spend the winter.
Young larvae consume only one side of the leaf, leaving a window-like appearance.
Young larvae crawl deep inside the whorl after hatching and eat small holes in the leaves.
Young larvae create narrow winding mines.
Young larvae feed along the surface of the fruit and leave a winding feeding scar on the surface.
Young larvae feed first on the leaf surfaces and later they eat all but the larger veins.
Young larvae feed gregariously and skeletonize foliage.
Young larvae feed gregariously on the previous year's foliage.
Young larvae feed gregariously, later scattering to feed.
Young larvae feed higher in the plant, and thus are easier to control than larger larvae.
Young larvae feed in colonies on the underside of leaves.
Young larvae feed in groups and older larvae sometimes singly.
Young larvae feed in groups on the undersides of the leaves.
Young larvae feed in groups, skeltonizing the leaf.
Young larvae feed in groups, while older larvae feed singly.
Young larvae feed in the green inner bark and cause scoring of the cambial layer.
Young larvae feed in the stems of grasses, especially bluegrasses and weeds.
Young larvae feed in the tightly folded leaves of stem buds.
Young larvae feed on grass roots until cold weather when they descend deeper into the soil.
Young larvae feed on terminals and the stem end of fruit.
Young larvae feed on the outer portion of the pine needles leaving a strawlike inner core.
Young larvae feed only on soft plant tissue, leaving a skeletonized leaf behind.
Young larvae feed primarily on oaks, aspen, birch, willows and alder.
Young larvae feed there for a few days, then migrate to and bore into stems.
Young larvae have a longer feeding life remaining and can therefore do greater economic damage.
Young larvae have cream-colored stripes along the center of the back and along each side.
Young larvae have four characteristic black marks on the underside of the body.
Young larvae molt or shed their skins three times, increasing in size at each molt.
Young larvae move like loopers, arching their body into a loop as they crawl.
Young larvae move to the stem end of the fruit, enter, and feed on the flesh.
Young larvae skeletonize the leaves and the larger ones eat the entire leaf.
Young larvae skeletonize the lower leaf surface while mature larvae chew large holes in leaves.
Young larvae skeletonize the lower leaf surface, and older larvae chew large holes in leaves.
Young larvae skeletonize the upper leaf surface.
Young larvae tend to feed initially within the whorl, especially on the tassel.
Many young larvae die, but mortality among older larvae is very low.
Some young larvae gain considerable weight.
Some young larvae gain weight.
Young lawyers enjoy the third seat at half price with two paid fares.
Young lawyers face many challenges when starting their careers.
Young lawyers flock to New York jobs, and then they leave.
Young lawyers Getting young lawyers actively involved in the Section is an important initiative.
Many young lawyers seem surprised by that fact.
Young leaders are.
Many young leaders say different times dictate different responses.
Young leadership find it all normal.
Young leaf is beautiful red.
Young leaves are also egg-shaped, except at the truncated base.
Young leaves are alternate on long petioles and circular in outline.
Young leaves are alternate, egg-shaped, and form a rosette.
Young leaves are aromatic due to the presence of volatile oils.
Young leaves are crimson.
Young leaves are essentially without hairs and immediately take on a rosette growth habit.
Young leaves are extremely susceptible while older leaves are more resistant.
Young leaves are reddish.
Young leaves are usually reddish, turning glossy green, then red again in the fall.
Young leaves become deformed, possibaly yellowing.
Young leaves emerge in late spring, withish-pubescent.
Young leaves grow on trees.
Young leaves have a purple colouration, while old leaves are a dark green colour.
Young leaves have taste.
Young leaves make delicious greens.
Young leaves reddish when unfolding.
Young leaves turn black and die quickly.
Young leaflets smell like marzipan when brayed.
Young learners begin by differentiating between wants and needs.
Young learners can also apply reason to determine the common elements of each flag.
Young learners come to campus to associate with scholars and others pursuing learning.
Young learners experience basic methods for working with clay.
Young learners identify with the fun characters that appear throughout the books.
Young learners identify with the fun characters that appear throughout the course.
Young learners learn to identify squares as squares, but disqualify circles as squares.
Young learners try either to steal objects or catch the thief.
Young leatherbacks are black, with more conspicuous white markings than adults.
Young leaves add visual appeal and flavor zest to salads.
Young leaves appear thickened and puckered and are often a pink or red color.
Young leaves are a narrow heart shape with a long sharp point.
Young leaves are a reddish green, later turning to yellow-green.
Young leaves are a wonderful addition to salads.
Young leaves are best as older leaves can be tough.
Young leaves are bronze veined with green.
Young leaves are chlorotic, with green banding along the major veins.
Young leaves are cooked and eaten like spinach in the East Indies.
Young leaves are dark green, waxy, oblong, and have a pointed tip.
Young leaves are dark maroon, fading to dark green with a brown edge.
Young leaves are distorted and twisted.
Young leaves are easiest to peel from the chocolate.
Young leaves are eaten and the root has energizing properties.
Young leaves are eaten raw.
Young leaves are edible, all leaves can be steeped as tea.
Young leaves are edible.
Young leaves are light green and very upright.
Young leaves are narrower and very ruffled.
Young leaves are nipped by spring frosts.
Young leaves are oval and toothed, while mature leaves are feathery and pungent.
Young leaves are particularly susceptible.
Young leaves are poisonous to livestock.
Young leaves are purple and then develop pink and white variegations.
Young leaves are red and then turn to a nice shiny green.
Young leaves are reddish brown but gradually become dark green.
Young leaves are small and distorted with curled back leaf tips.
Young leaves are smaller and dry up while the petioles of older leaves twist and break off.
Young leaves are susceptible to spray injury.
Young leaves are tender and add a tangy flavor when eaten fresh in salads.
Young leaves are tender and edible, but become bitter when older.
Young leaves are the best.
Young leaves are triangular with three prominent veins.
Young leaves are used as vegetables in Asia.
Young leaves are used in salads.
Young leaves are usu- ally puckered and malformed.
Young leaves are well-marked.
Young leaves are without petiole and their margins are entire or smooth.
Young leaves are wooly and nearly white.
Young leaves can use used raw in salads, or cooked as a potherb.
Young leaves have a light hair that is prized in certain high quality teas.
Young leaves have a reddish-purple underneath.
Young leaves have abundant trichomes that become confined to the petiole base as the leaf ages.
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge .
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge.
Young leaves have less fiber and higher quantities of nutrients than mature leaves.
Young leaves have wavy margins and tips.
Young leaves make delicious greens.
Young leaves remain green.
Young leaves show a well-defined to severe light and dark green mosaic mottle.
Young leaves show well-defined to severe light and dark green mosaic mottle.
Young leaves tend to crinkle, twist, and fold up.
Young leaves turn black and die quickly.
Young leaves turn bluish green and older leaves turn yellow and red.
Most young leaves grow on trees.
Some young leaves contain caffeine.
Some young leaves have flavor.
Some young leaves use in salad.
Young leeches resemble the adult when they hatch.
Young legs are fragile, psyches even more so.
Young lesbian gets a lesson in hot female sex.
Young lesions are greenish-brown to dark brown.
Young lesions are small and appear as dark, water-soaked spots.
Young lice resemble adults except in color and size.
Young life feeds off old life, that is the way of the circle of life.
Young life is an opportunity for college students to be involved in ministry to local high schools.
Young life meets twice a week.
Young lives are at stake.
Young lives change course with a positive influence.
Young lives personify creativity and possibility.
Young lingcod prefer sandy or muddy bottoms in bays and inshore areas.
Young linguists can choose from English, French or German.
Young lions have coats.
Young lions have light spotting on their coats.
Young lions roar for meat.
Most young lions have coats.
Some young lions leave mothers.
Young listeners learn to count and appreciate Canadian wildlife.
Young litters tend to have the highest price tag.
Young livestock are also susceptible to health problems from high nitrate-N levels.
Young livestock are also susceptible to health problems from high nitrate-nitrogen levels.
Young livestock are alsosusceptible to health problems from high nitrate-nitrogen levels.
Young livestock are particularly susceptible to health problems from high nitrate-nitrogen levels.
Young lobsters molt often, older ones less frequently, perhaps only once a year.
Young lobsters molt several times a year, but after they hit one pound, they start molting annually.
Young lobsters remain in their shelters for the winter.
Young loggerheads are drifters, and they forage in shallow coastal waters.
Young loons are vulnerable and fall prey to hawks, mink, turtles, and other predators.
Young love does exist but it is often confused with passion.
Young love is all consuming.
Young love is so hard and all the decisions seem so vital.
Young love is so romantic.
Young love is tender, eyes meet often.
Young love seems fickle and perverse.
Young love survives.
Young lovers count down the days till they expect to next meet.
Young lovers develop a romance only to be thwarted by love triangle or similar complications.
Young lovers exchange sweet nothings by e-mail.
Young lovers sip ice-cream sodas at the downtown drug store.
Young lovers stroll hand in hand down the sand while little boys play with their dogs in the waves.
Young lovers try to escape the harsh judgments of the world.
Young lusts are out grown in minutes.
Young males acquire full ruby gorgets during their first molt.
Young males are at greatest risk.
Young males are at higher risk of being involved in speed-related crashes.
Young males are at the greatest risk.
Young males are especially vulnerable.
Young males are forced by the lead male to leave their natal troop before breeding age.
Young males are grossly unaware of many aspects of their self-health.
Young males are often without a home range of their own.
Young males are still the major perpetrators in the theft of motor vehicles. .
Young males are the heaviest drinkers and beer, sold now by supermarkets, is their drink of choice.
Young males are the highest users of solvents and also amongst the highest risk groups for suicide.
Young males are the worst for animal abuse.
Young males assist their parents in farming as they work in the fields.
Young males begin to break away from their mothers after they, themselves, reach puberty.
Young males carry the casket containing the frog and visit all the houses in the village.
Young males continue to outnumber young females by a wide margin in fatalities.
Young males establish dominance by strutting around with arched tails and slamming branches.
Young males establish individual status before pairing with females.
Young males form bachelor groups and the young females search for a sorority to join.
Young males form groups with others about their age.
Young males form loose bachelor herds, but become increasingly solitary as they age.
Young males grow faster in terms of mass than young females .
Young males have a little hair around their heads when they are about a year old.
Young males have smaller heads than young females.
Young males have smaller home ranges than dominant males.
Young males have the highest rates of violent victimizations, while elderly females have the lowest.
Young males lack role models.
Young males learn to sing by imitating their father's song.
Young males leave a few years earlier to establish their place in the male hierarchy.
Young males leave and either form new troops or are solitary.
Young males leave the colony to try to mate with new queen wasps, after which they usually die off.
Young males leave the nests before the young females.
Young males live in smaller groups, while older males live solitary life.
Young males look up to see who is making a vocal challenge.
Young males looks very much like females, but soon molt into full adult male plumage.
Young males mate with their sisters and mothers.
Young males pass the present driving test more easily than others.
Young males pose the greatest identification problem.
Young males remain together for life in a coalition.
Young males seem to follow a senior bull male, a kind of patriarch whom they watch and learn from.
Young males stay with the maternal herd for about three years, and then they join a male herd.
Young males travel much farther away.
Young males venture out at reproductive age in search of females, but die after mating.
Young males yearn to leave boyhood behind and to become men.
Many young males get into martial arts, guns and other weapons.
More young males die than young females .
More young males die than young females.
Most young males migrate out of their natal group to join other groups.
A young mammal is a young
Young mammals are mammals.
Young mammals are young animals.
Young mammals are youngs.
Young mammals feed on milk until they are able to get food by themselves.
Young mammals spend a long period of their early development within their mother's uterus.
All young mammals feed on their mothers' milk until they can find and eat food by themselves.
A young man is a man
A young man is a teenager
Young man develops ability to live and breathe underwater.
Young man fights diabetes with bodybuilding .
Young man fires a cannon at bowling pins in Colorado.
Young man gains confidence in money management skill.
Young man leaves impoverished home, heads out to seek fame and fortune, becomes legend.
Young man sleeps undersea in wonder world.
Young man turns around, still listening to telephone.
Young man unleashes little green monsters through witchcraft.
Young man works hard, plays fair, becomes hero, gives back to fans and rides off into the sunset.
Young men appear least focused on the news and most likely to channel surf.
Young men are as much a part of the solution as they are a part of the problem.
Young men are at especially high risk, having nearly twice the risk of fatality as young women.
Young men are at highest risk for using tobacco products but the incidence in women is increasing.
Young men are bent over and crippled with pain in their joints and hips.
Young men are busy to place big posters along the streets.
Young men are even less familiar with child rearing than mothers.
Young men are five times more likely to commit suicide than young women are.
Young men are full of that.
Young men are keen to impress their mates by picking on someone.
Young men are less likely to visit a dermatologist for their acne.
Young men are located in fraternity houses.
Young men are more likely than young women to be lifetime abstainers.
Young men are more likely than young women to have more severe, longer lasting forms of acne.
Young men are more likely to have more severe, longer lasting forms of acne.
Young men are more likely to report condom use than young women.
Young men are most fearful of physical assault from particular sub-groups of other young men.
Young men are much more likely to be mugged, but unafraid of it.
Young men are particularly at risk.
Young men are particularly likely to misuse drugs or alcohol.
Young men are required to perform duties which are part military and part civic.
Young men are still eager to be circumcised and become warriors.
Young men are the heaviest drinkers.
Young men are to have conservative haircuts.
Young men are to see visions and old men to dream dreams.
Young men are triflers.
Young men are typically more aggressive than young women overall.
Young men are welcome to audition, as well.
Young men become husbands.
Young men call out to young women, but tentatively, and mostly they just stare.
Young men can be a particularly challenging audience to reach.
Young men can discuss concerns such as penis size and sexual performance.
Young men can father and abandon children.
Young men can use the agency s Web site to register.
Young men carry cell phones and wear pagers on belt buckles.
Young men carry food.
Young men challenge each other.
Young men collect wood and build a stake at which a straw doll, the symbol of winter, is burned.
Young men commit most of the violent crimes.
Young men commit suicide five times as often as young women.
Young men commit the most horrible crimes imaginable, without any fear of real, true punishment.
Young men consume proteins.
Young men consume soy proteins.
Young men dance in the flames, setting fire to their shoes and pantcuffs.
Young men demonstrate activities.
Young men die every day.
Young men die in wars and by accident.
Young men display their huts and make a procession.
Young men dive into the water to retrieve the cross, and return it to the priest.
Young men dress up as girls, young girls as boys.
