Optical illusions are the best known and understood .
Optical illusions are the best known and understood.
Optical illusions are tricks played on the brain.
Optical illusions can be both fun and a learning experience for kids.
Optical illusions can deceive the eyes.
Optical illusions fool the eye in judging the distance and speed of the train.
Optical illusions occur when the brain misinterprets visual signals.
Optical illusions play tricks on our perception of images.
Many optical illusions change the way lines and geometric shapes appear.
Many optical illusions go undetected for the same reason.
Optical images are biased to emission from hot, young stars and are beset by extinction effects.
Optical images are extremely different and much simpler from the objects they represent.
Optical images are usually fuzzy, but they have spectral content and can yield functional mappings.
Optical images reveal dusty filements emanating radially from the nucleur region.
An optical instrument is an instrument
Optical instruments are instruments.
Optical instruments map the intensity and colours of the aurora at various altitudes.
Optical instruments measure concentration.
Every optical instrument gets dirty.
Every optical instrument suffers from aberrations to some extent.
Many optical instruments have more than one optical element.
Optical interconnection allows low-power data transmission over a long distance.
Optical interface is supported to replace electrical interface.
Optical Internet is the coming together of telecommunications and the Internet.
Optical investigations are limited because many distant galaxies are hidden behind curtains of dust.
Optical isolation is used for coupling the sensor signal to the data acquisition input.
Optical isolation rejects common-mode voltages between the computer and external environment.
Optical isomers are compounds that are non-superimposable images of each other.
Optical isomers are stereoisomers where the molecules are mirror images of each other.
Optical isomers differ in the arrangement of four groups around a chiral carbon.
Optical isomers have opposite effects on plane-polarized light.
Optical jacks require a special fiber-optic cable.
Optical lattices are used to simulate interacting condensed matter systems .
Optical leaders sound a bit helpless.
An optical lens is a lens
Optical lens are very good.
Optical lenses include eyepieces.
Optical lenses include zoom eyepieces.
Optical libraries offer easy access and economical storage.
Optical light comes from stars.
Optical lines have very low latency.
Optical links are also possible, especially for links that are beyond the earth's atmosphere.
Optical magnification is to assure accuracy of the suture line.
Optical mapping reveals the functional organization of the trigeminal nuclei in the chick embryo.
Optical masks are available .
Optical materials respond to sunlight.
Most optical materials respond to sunlight.
Optical measurements allow for a different and valuable aid to quality control.
Optical measurements reveal the times at which the black hole activity occurred.
Optical media are also available.
Optical meshes provide better connection flexi- bility and network resource utilization.
Optical methods are noninvasive, inexpensive, and the diagnosis can be in situ , without time delay.
Optical methods can be rapid, noninvasive, portable, and inexpensive.
Optical methods provide a means to quantify the strain response of tissue to an imposed stress.
Optical microscopes are microscopes.
Optical microscopes provide a direct visual thickness measurement.
Optical microscopes use visible light to create a magnified image.
Optical microscopes work using lens to increase the light reflected of an object.
Some optical microscopes can magnify objects hundreds of times.
Optical microscopy includes quantitative image analysis and regular microscopy.
Optical mineralogy is an important tool in the laboratory.
Optical mineralogy is covered in a separate recitation.
Optical mineralogy remains ubiquitous to geology courses and is resource intensive.
Optical mosaics are also available.
Optical mice are all right, but they require a flat, stable area.
Optical mice are cool.
Optical mice are more reliable and work well on any surface.
Optical mice are the new thing.
Optical mice have no mechanical moving parts.
Optical mice have no moving parts, and they're less subject to mechanical failure.
Optical mice work on any surface except for very shiny ones like mirror and glass.
Optical mouses use light sensors that pick up movement.
Some optical mice come with a built-in scroll wheel.
Optical net is the fishing gear considered survival rate of fish after selectivity.
Optical networks allow higher speed and greater bandwidth on the network.
Optical networks are a potential candidates for future telecommunication infrastructure.
Optical networks are currently all the rage in the communications industry.
Optical networks are faster and provide more capacity than their electrical counterparts.
Optical networks are incredibly hot.
Optical networks are the enablers for continued growth of the Internet infrastructure.
Optical networks have a major management issue, as well.
Optical networks mean speed and capacity.
Optical networks transmit voice, data, and video traffic over fiber cables using light streams.
Optical networks use beams of light, rather than electrons, to carry data.
Optical networks use light pulses to transmit data instead of electrons.
All optical networks are desirable.
All optical networks are on the horizon.
Optical observation is advantageous, even if the spatial resolution is limited.
Optical observations are probably the most direct way to quantify the surface of crystals.
Optical observations are strongly encouraged.
Optical observations show a few hundred galaxies in the cluster.
Optical observations suggest that the lobes correspond to the equatorial plane of the progenitor.
Optical observatories have optical telescopes for the study of light.
Most optical observatories stand on high mountains, where the sky is almost always clear.
Optical occlusion occurs in time, and is perfectly reversible.
Optical orders continue to be the big driver here.
Optical performance is enhanced, and reliability increased.
Optical performance is excellent.
An optical phenomenon is a physical phenomenon
Optical phenomenon is found in colorless zone on outer portion of crystal.
Optical pickups are a type of pickup that sense string and body vibrations using infrared LED light.
Most optical plans do.
Optical polymers achieve both optical and thermal stability.
Optical power is a function of both the number of photons and the wavelength.
Most optical practices are able to offer a range of good quality, low cost frames for children.
Optical prints are typically of better quality than contact prints.
Optical printings plays contrasting with black and white.
Optical probes can be a powerful technique for probing the underlying microscopic processes.
Optical professionals can become more proficient from the wealth of topics that are available.
Optical properties are functions of tissue damage, as determined by previous measurements.
Optical properties are sensitive to chemical composition and surface morphology.
Optical properties are the way a mineral looks and what light does when it shines on it.
Optical properties ofwater.
Optical properties vary greatly with composition.
Optical properties vary with composition.
Optical pulsars form a very small subset of known pulsars.
An optical pyrometer is a pyrometer
Optical pyrometers are even faster.
Optical quality can be very good.
Optical quality is equally stunning.
Optical quality is excellent, too.
Optical quality is great.
Optical quality is important regardless of the aperture.
Optical quality seems fairly good, as does the mechanical quality.
Optical range finding devices are legal.
Optical reading is part of the standard package.
Optical redundancy is available as an option.
Optical redundancy is optional.
Optical resolution is built into the hardware while interpolated resolution is a matter of software.
Optical resolution is horizontal dpi by vertical dpi.
Optical resolution is just as hyped and misunderstood as bit depth.
Optical resolution is the original resolution provided by the scanner optical device.
Optical resolution is the real capability of the lens and optical sensors in a scanner.
Optical resolution is what the scanner can actually resolve in terms of pixels.
Optical responses pass along the tracts to the back of the brain known as the visual cortex .
Optical retailers are companies offering eyeglasses, contact lenses and vision corrective services.
Optical scan requires voters to color in an oval or arrow next to a candidate s name.
Optical scanner measures the strength of the fluorescence of each sample spot.
Optical scanners are a lateral move.
Optical scanners are in.
Optical scanners have difficulty reading information that is bold, underlined, or italicized.
Optical sciences combine education in optics, mathematics, physics, electronics, and holography.
Optical sensor prevents print head from printing beyond the edges of the loaded form.
Optical sensor prevents printhead from printing beyond the edges of the loaded form.
Optical sensors are basically telescopes, gathering light reflected off an object in space.
Optical sensors designed for FFVs measure the differences in the fuel mixture index of refraction.
Optical sensors is both good and bad though.
Optical sensors monitor product dispensing.
Optical sensors react to ultraviolet radiation from a spark or flame.
Optical sensors turn on lights, guide paper in copiers and scan bar codes.
Optical services consist of frame styling and dispensing.
Optical sets are available separately.
Optical sharpness is very good, especially considering the price.
Optical shutters are moderately small.
All optical sights have dioptric setting range for glass wears.
Optical signals diffract off of that grating if certain matching conditions are met.
Optical signals monitor major functions.
Optical simulators allow students to set up a light source, a lens, and a screen.
Optical size is the output size which is best for the design of the font.
Optical sprinklers rotate in time and can be used for the trapping and distribution of cold atoms.
Optical stabilization is better than digital.
Optical stocks come roaring back.
Optical storage consists of CD-ROM and DVD disks.
Optical storage frees agencies from the burden of managing paper files.
Optical storage holds great promise in the future, but that future also includes magnetic storage.
Optical storage is an increasingly popular method of storing data.
Optical storage is removable and inexpensive to manufacture.
Optical stores can usually replace lenses, too.
Optical surfaces are polished and protected with damage-resistant reflective coatings.
All optical surface are susceptible to contamination.
All optical surfaces are anti-reflection coated.
All optical surfaces are susceptible to be damaged easily.
Optical switches are, in some cases, thousands of times faster than the electrical switches.
Optical switches present the 'speed bumps' on the information superhighway.
Optical switches steer data from one optical port or one individual lambda flow to the next.
Optical system design an component selection for imaging sensors.
Optical system has too much flare and distortion.
Optical systems are also useful for capturing movement of actual animals.
Optical systems are more complex than electrical systems.
Optical systems have problems with occlusion caused by one body part blocking another from view.
Optical systems make use of the visible-light portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Optical systems require monitoring, just as other networks do.
Optical systems require nanometre scale apertures and light guides.
Optical systems use either natural or artificially generated guide stars to detect the distortions.
All optical systems are interchangeable within the housing.
All optical systems contain both imaging and non-imaging or illumination systems.
Any optical system has distortion.
Some optical systems have square or rectangular entrance pupils.
Optical tables can reduce only one.
Optical tablets operate by a very small digital camera in the stylus .
Optical tablets operate by a very small digital camera in the stylus.
Optical tape is an emerging media for high-density storage of computer data.
Optical techniques allow localization of electrical activity over surface of cell and over time.
Optical techniques can distinguish between natural diamonds and synthetic diamonds.
Optical techniques have a long history in engineering measurement.
Optical technologies are hot - and getting hotter.
Optical technology is far more stable than magnetic cartridge, tape, or floppy.
Optical technology is the oldest and most widely used.
Optical technology keeps mouse performing longer without maintenance.
Optical technology means long-term storage life and inexpensive storage capacity upgrades.
An optical telescope is an astronomical telescope
Optical telescopes are astronomical telescopes.
Optical telescopes are extremely powerful telescopes that magnify images in space.
Optical telescopes are unable to pick up radio waves.
Optical telescopes can see proplyds only when they are lying against a brightly lit background.
Optical telescopes come in two major categories now refracting and reflecting.
Optical telescopes focus light.
Optical telescopes focus visible light.
Optical telescopes have mirrors or lenses which collect or refract light.
Optical telescopes operate on two fundamental properties of light, reflection and refraction.
Optical telescopes use lenses and mirrors to see the stars of the universe.
Most optical telescopes focus light.
Most optical telescopes focus visible light.
Optical theodolites use a telescope to aid in tracking.
Optical tools Apply and distinguish between optical comparators, optical flats, and microscopes.
Optical transmission Describe the characteristics of optical transmission systems.
Optical transparency is seen as a key to upgradeability by the major telecommunications operators.
Optical trapping is a method for non-mechanical manipulation of small particles.
Optical trapping is accomplished by photons that go through, rather than bounce off, a target.
Optical viewfinder shows very slightly larger area than does LCD .
Most optical viewfinders have a circle right in the center.
Optical windows are then frit bonded to the remaining open sides of the chamber.
Optical wires are one form of wave guide.
Optical zoom is a very important feature on a digital camera.
Optical zoom is better than digital zoom and some cameras offer both.
Optical zoom is better.
Optical zoom is the important spec - and bigger is better.
Optical zoom is the only kind that really means anything.
Optical zoom is the real zoom, using the camera's optic lenses.
Optical zoom is true zoom - it provides better images than digital zoom.
Optical zoom makes the picture appear as if it was taken with the camera closer to the subject.
Optical zoom provides a far better image than digital zoom.
Optical zooms are more functional and take better images.
Optical zooms are superior to digital zooms.
Optical zooms enlarge the subjects optically, using the camera's lens.
An optician is a skilled worker
Optician isa worker.
Opticians adjust glasses to comfortably suit their customers.
Opticians adjust glasses to fit their customers comfortably.
Opticians advise customers on styles of eyewear that suit their needs.
Opticians also adjust and repair glasses and frames.
Opticians also give advice to customers on frames and lens types.
Opticians also help to arrange for grinding and polishing contact lenses.
Opticians also make corrective lenses.
Opticians also work for optometrists or ophthalmologists.
Opticians are often responsible for the business aspects of running an optical store.
Opticians are professionals.
Opticians are responsible for verifying that the completed glasses meet all the specifications.
Opticians are skilled workers.
Opticians are technicians who fill prescriptions written by ophthalmologists and optometrists.
Opticians are technicians who use a doctor's prescription to make corrective lenses.
Opticians are the professionals who create precision lenses for a variety of uses.
Opticians are truly health care professionals.
Opticians conduct routine eye tests.
Opticians conduct routine tests.
Opticians conduct tests.
Opticians deal with customers most of the time and spend much time on their feet.
Opticians do eye tests.
Opticians do it visually.
Opticians do it with their eyes.
Opticians enter occupations.
Opticians fill eyewear prescriptions.
Opticians fill prescriptions for eye wear written by ophthalmologists and optometrists.
Opticians fill prescriptions written by eye doctors.
Opticians fill spectacle prescriptions and help fit patients for glasses.
Opticians grind and dispense eyeglasses and in some states dispense contact lenses.
Opticians have (part) arms.
Opticians have (part) body substances.
Opticians have (part) cell membranes.
Opticians have (part) cells.
Opticians have (part) corpi.
Opticians have (part) cytoplasm.
Opticians have (part) heads.
Opticians have (part) human bodies.
Opticians have (part) legs.
Opticians have (part) material bodies.
Opticians have (part) necks.
Opticians have (part) nuclei.
Opticians have (part) personality.
Opticians have (part) plasma membranes.
Opticians have (part) sections.
Opticians have (part) vacuoles.
Opticians help customers choose eyeglass frames and lens treatments.
Opticians learn to adjust eyeglass frames during training.
Opticians make observations.
Opticians manufacture and dispense corrective lenses.
Opticians provide and dispense eyeglasses.
Opticians recommend a metal frame with flexible hinges for durability and nose pads for comfort.
Opticians serve customers directly.
Opticians show customers how to insert, remove, and care for their contacts.
Opticians specialize in the manufacture and fitting of eyeglasses and contacts.
Opticians spend a lot of time on their feet.
Opticians spend a lot of time with customers, most of it on their feet.
Opticians take measurements so that the lenses fit well.
Opticians use an interesting variety of skills.
Opticians use license.
Opticians use various instruments to help select and fit contact lenses for their customers.
Opticians work closely with and in most cases directly for doctors.
Opticians work closely with customers of all ages, from young children to senior citizens.
Opticians work in a variety of settings and working conditions.
Opticians work in hospitals and eye clinics.
Opticians work in offices.
Opticians frequently use special tools to make final adjustments and repairs to eyeglasses.
Most opticians conduct routine eye tests.
Most opticians conduct routine tests.
Most opticians conduct tests.
Most opticians enter occupations.
Most opticians gain experience working on the job.
Most opticians make observations.
Most opticians work full time, although part-time opportunities also are available.
Most opticians work in offices.
Some opticians also fit contact lenses.
Some opticians become self-employed.
Some opticians branch out with their own store or into higher management positions.
Some opticians complete continue education requirements.
Some opticians have pictures instead.
Some opticians learn their skills through formal training programs.
Some opticians leave industries.
Some opticians own their own stores.
Some opticians start business.
Some opticians start own business.
Some opticians use machines or computers in eye tests.
Some opticians work full time.
Some opticians work time.
Opticokinetic nystagmus is absent.
Optika executives say the company is focusing more on solutions integrators as channel partners.
Optikinetic testing is designed to assess visual accuracy in dynamic environments.
Optimal absorption occurs when pills are taken with meals or soon after meals.
Optimal achievement requires risk-taking.
Optimal alignment varies from person to person, depending on their histories and true limitations.
Optimal answer is one.
Optimal approaches are likely to include a mix of broad policy reforms and site-specific activities.
Optimal arrangements are desks with separate chairs or tables so it is easy to move.
Optimal behaviour can violate the principle of regularity.
Optimal blur appears to depend on domain.
Optimal breathing is in many ways senior to thinking.
Optimal breathing is one of the key ways to stay healthy.
Optimal cable is what the current hardware is set up to be able to do as a theoretical maximum.
Optimal care requires long-term consideration of patients' needs and periodic reevaluation.
Optimal care requires pre-pregnancy counselling.
Optimal challenge allows learners to pursue tasks which are moderately difficult to achieve.
Optimal choices make more money.
Optimal composites show with extremal effective properties.
Optimal conditions allow for simultaneous display of input signal and average.
Optimal conditions occur after a late warm spring.
Optimal conditions occur when victims mouth is open.
Optimal conditions promote growth.
Optimal conditions refer to conditions.
Optimal conditions seem to be mesic habitats.
Most optimal conditions promote growth.
Most optimal conditions refer to conditions.
Optimal consumption increases each time that wealth achieves a new maximum.
Optimal control techniques depend on states.
Optimal control is like a multi dimensional curve fitting technique.
Optimal decisions involve a certain degree of experimentation.
Optimal design is changed to reinforce all directions.
Optimal design means that the can has a minimum surface area for any given volume.
Optimal digestion leads to elimination.
Optimal digestion occurs at degrees.
Most optimal digestion leads to elimination.
Most optimal digestion occurs at degrees.
Optimal distance is when tori's outstretched leg is straight when the foot is on uke's knee.
Optimal dosage depends on one's age and state of health.
Optimal electrode designs for electrosurgery.
Optimal emergence occurs at or just below the soil surface.
Optimal estimation stabilizes the solution against error amplification.
Optimal flows tend to come in recreational activities rather than educational situations.
Optimal function is achieved by muscle transfer and skeletal reconstruction.
Optimal growth occurs in full sun light.
Optimal growth occurs just under boiling point, and can replicate above boiling temperature.
Optimal habitat includes refuse piles, debris or vegetation for cover, and accessible free water.
Optimal habitat is open grasslands with thick bush and scrub for cover when hunting and denning.
Optimal habitats are open forests and woodlands with sources of water over which to feed.
Optimal habitats include areas.
Optimal habitats include grassy areas.
Optimal habitats include open grassy areas.
Optimal habitats include shrubs.
Some optimal habitats have organic matter.
Optimal harvest is at about age five, although senior reptilians are kept around for breeding.
Optimal health calls for an alkaline pH balance in the body.
Optimal health depends on the ability of defense cells to recognize a good cell from a bad cell.
Optimal health is a balance among physical, emotional, social, sprititual, and intellectual health.
Optimal health is a balance between physical, emotional, social, spiritual, and intellectual health.
Optimal health is a lifetime challenge.
Optimal health is a result of harmony between the body, mind and spirit.
Optimal health is achieved by accomplishing both.
Optimal health is essential for maximizing educational opportunities.
Optimal health is much more than the absence of sickness.
Optimal health is synonymous with optimal adaptation.
Optimal health is the achievement of health potential.
Optimal health reduces absenteeism, disability, employee turnover, and direct health care costs.
Optimal health requires thoughtful and precise action.
Optimal healthcare is an important component of any competitive athlete's regimen.
Optimal holdings are thus linear functions of risk tolerance.
Optimal hydration seems to favor resolution of thrombus.
Optimal intakes remain unknown and are likely to vary depending upon the individual.
Optimal investment is a non-decreasing function of q, the shadow value of capital.
Optimal investment means exercising that call at the best time.
Optimal length is a full day or other period as appropriate.
Optimal length is one to two days.
Optimal levels remain unknown.
Some optimal levels are below mg.
Optimal loft angles in all irons for greater playability.
Optimal machine architectures for data warehousing, decison support, and data mining.
Optimal management involves referral to the appropriate medical specialist.
Optimal management requires prompt and accurate diagnosis followed by appropriate medical attention.
Optimal measures are usually more expensive, and many are outcome measures.
Some optimal methods are available to enhance efficient of ray tracing.
Optimal mistake bound learning is hard.
Optimal mix is determined by the slope of the objective function.
Optimal motion refers to the most efficient way to perform a task.
Optimal nourishment increases the overall level of health.
Optimal nutrition can make a difference in improving health and fighting infection.
Optimal nutrition is essential for peak performance.
Optimal nutrition is Key.
Optimal nutrition is the product of eating a wide variety of nutrients from a wide variety of foods.
Optimal nutrition maintains good health.
Optimal nutrition needs to be a balance of many naturally occurring food substances.
Optimal nutrition plays a vital role in the pursuit of greater health.
Optimal nutrition requires eating quality, nutrient-dense foods freuently.
Optimal parameters select for each case separately.
Optimal penalties depend on the actual score values for the aligned sequences.
Optimal performance is accomplished using the tool dplace .
Optimal performance is achieved in diffuse ambient lighting.
Optimal performance is achieved when athletes are in a perceiving rather than judging mode.
Optimal performance is high achievement with minimal distress.
Optimal performance is on damp concrete surfaces.
Optimal performance requires collaborative planning, focus on shared goals.
Optimal periods exist for specific types of development.
Optimal placement is in the best interest of our students.
Optimal policies are asymmetric across the two producing countries.
Optimal prediction occurs when ongoing assessments are made.
Optimal preparation is essential for reliable results.
Optimal press is a Swedish publisher of comics.
Optimal prevention includes exercise, good nutrition, and early detection.
Optimal productivity requires self-knowledge.
Optimal response depends on quality advance planning and preparation.
Optimal response is evident if treatment is initiated within six hours of injury.
Optimal results require attention to periprocedural care.
Optimal rotation is achieved when all eight complexes of the flagellum are functioning.
Optimal rule is given for classification with missing data in the parametric case.
Optimal rule is given for classification with missing data.
Optimal sample depends on optimality criterion.
Optimal sanitation is ensured by a dual door design separated by a sanitized partition.
Optimal sites are relatively warm, with little human disturbance.
Optimal sites have abundant sunlight and little competition in the herbaceous layer.
Optimal sleep happens in rooms that are cool - neither hot nor cold.
Optimal solution is at the intersection of the constraints.
Optimal solutions balance the competing needs of all variables and keep the total process in mind.
Optimal spacecraft trajectories via higher order differential inclusion.
Optimal structures are generally unstable.
Optimal tapering involves a reduction in training volume while maintaining a high overall intensity.
Optimal teaching using simulations requires use of a teaching team for individual critique.
Optimal techniques depend on states.
Most optimal techniques depend on states.
Optimal temperature is indicated.
Optimal therapy appears to require complete resection followed by radiotherapy.
Optimal therapy derives from multidisciplinary discussions.
Optimal Thinkers make sure they are most effective.
Optimal time bounds for some proximity problems in the plane.
Optimal times are in the fall of the junior year, or the spring of the sophomore year.
Optimal trajectories minimize total propellant consumption.
Optimal transformation occurs when cells are harvested in early to mid log phase.
Optimal transplants require donor marrow from a sibling.
Optimal treatment includes coping skills-building and brief therapy focusing on symptom relief.
Optimal treatment is likely to require a holistic approach.
Optimal treatment requires use of microbicidal drugs.
Optimal use depends on the terminal emulator softwarethe user has available.
Optimal use involves individualization of dose and use of minimal effective doses.
Optimal use is made of technology.
Optimal use is with small groups for viewing digital content and internet connection.
Optimal value is lb natural line width in Hz.
Optimal vision occurs in the daylight hours.
An optimisation is improvement
Optimisation is a key facet of the behavioural synthesis problem.
Optimisation is a series of experiments and their subsequent data analysis.
Optimisation is adjustable for special user needs.
Optimisation is done to use as few bitmaps as possible.
Optimisation isa improvement.
Optimisation Speed up the lex code.
Optimism abounds for Tet festival.
Optimism abounds in Latin America.
Optimism abounds throughout the organization.
Optimism also reflects on bottom-line business profit.
Optimism also relates to setting and maintaining goals.
Optimism appears as a moral imperative.
Optimism appears oblivious to risks, so by default pessimism looks more intelligent.
Optimism appears to be socially desirable in all communities.
Optimism can also help stop violence.
Optimism can be a self fulfilling prophesy.
Optimism can be contagious.
Optimism can be hard to maintain in the face of so many problems.
Optimism can exist beside true vision.
Optimism can fuel the drive to press for success in uncharted waters.
Optimism can overcome the worst of aberrations.
Optimism can still reign.
Optimism has rooms, and a glimmer of hope is never discarded.
Optimism helps people look at the better side of things.
Optimism helps people pay attention to useful negative information.
Optimism ignores the dilemma of human suffering by making evil and misery part of a perfect world.
Optimism includes initiative and long-term thinking.
Optimism increases happiness for it is contagious.
Optimism increases with income and education.
Optimism is a characteristic that is the basis of positive thinking.
Optimism is a choice.
Optimism is a concept.
Optimism is a dish best kept fresh.
Optimism is a duty.
Optimism is a faith that leads to success.
Optimism is a force multiplier.
Optimism is a good characteristic, but if carried to an excess it becomes foolishness.
Optimism is a good thing.
Optimism is a hardy weed, though.
Optimism is a key part of it.
Optimism is a learned behavior.
Optimism is a methodology or technology that can be learned.
Optimism is a powerful force.
Optimism is a powerful tool and a great way of keeping the family together.
Optimism is a self-fulfilling prophecy but pessimism can be, too.
Optimism is a sound economic decision.
Optimism is a strategy for making a better future.
Optimism is a survival mechanism, much the way humor is.
Optimism is a virtue.
Optimism is a wonderful thing.
Optimism is a word that comes from a Latin word meaning the best.
Optimism is about thinking non-negatively, rather than thinking positively.
Optimism is also essential, given the risks.
Optimism is also important.
Optimism is an American virtue, and it's especially strong here in Silicon Valley.
Optimism is an attitude to life that prevents people from becoming apathetic, or giving up hope.
Optimism is an essential survival mechanism for all baseball folks.
Optimism is appropriate.
Optimism is arrogant, brash, complacent.
Optimism is as justifiable as pessimism.
Optimism is associated with mood, coping and immune changes in response to stress.
Optimism is associated with mood, coping, and immune change in response to stress.
Optimism is at an all-time high with regard to the religious ferment of today.
Optimism is based on observation of positive possibilities in the external world.
Optimism is better than pessimism.
Optimism is both the poison and the antidote of the growth company manager.
Optimism is central to our mission.
Optimism is compulsory to the one who lives in Spirit and in Truth.
Optimism is contagious and pessimism is too. . .
Optimism is contagious and support is wonderful.
Optimism is contagious.
Optimism is cowardice .
Optimism is cowardice.
Optimism is crucial .
Optimism is dispositions.
Optimism is due to the nature of investments.
Optimism is electric in the air.
Optimism is essential to promotability.
Optimism is essential.
Optimism is everywhere.
Optimism is faith in people, in the human potential.
Optimism is far better than pessimism.
Optimism is great, but delusion is dangerous.
Optimism is high for a program that seems to be improving by leaps and bounds.
Optimism is high.
Optimism is hope
Optimism is hope.
Optimism is important - but so is realism.
Optimism is important.
Optimism is in order.
Optimism is in the air and our chief of state's tongue is in fake leather.
Optimism is indicated.
Optimism is infectious when positive results are seen.
Optimism is infectious, and ultimately can be self-fulfilling.
Optimism is infectious, like that crazy pumping foot, joy outracing gloom to the punch.
Optimism is learned.
Optimism is merely a state of mind.
Optimism is more an innate predisposition to view the world in a certain way.
Optimism is out.
Optimism is regarded as a stable personal trait that is a buffer against stress and ill health.
Optimism is related to self-esteem and life satisfaction in rural college undergraduates.
Optimism is shown in lines of writing that slant upward.
Optimism is so much better than pessimism.
Optimism is spin control.
Optimism is still alive in the barrios.
Optimism is still the name of the game.
Optimism is the assumption that everything is going to go well.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Optimism is the key to success.
Optimism is the most important weapon, besides reason, in our arsenal.
Optimism is the only productive way to think.
Optimism is the spring in every step forward.
Optimism is the ultimate perception.
Optimism is their friend.
Optimism is very high and few expect serious problems.
Optimism is wholeness and health.
Optimism is wonderful, but only, if the proper force stands behind it.
Optimism is, in part, the ability to compromise with the facts of life.
Optimism leads to better moods, better health and longer life.
Optimism leads to persistence which leads to more sales.
Optimism makes sense.
Optimism means believing that positive results are likely.
Optimism meets reality.
Optimism pays the guardian form.
Optimism presupposes a future that is unusually benign and reliably congenial to man's enterprises.
Optimism prevails among investors.
Optimism prevails even though there are some storm clouds on the ridge.
Optimism regarding Israel's economic future seems to be shared by the investment community.
Optimism reigns as redevelopment begins where public housing high-rises once stood.
Optimism reigns as the hard-working watermen pursue their harvest.
Optimism reigns over attendance for next season.
Optimism reigns supreme.
Optimism remains high as preparations continue.
Optimism remains the watch-word.
Optimism rides that narrow line and sky blue rides it too.
Optimism rises on combination therapy and protease inhibitor data.
Optimism runs amok.
Optimism runs high and so do advance ticket sales.
Optimism runs high for residential broadband .
Optimism runs rampant, but fiscal caution prevails.
Optimism seems to be an indelible part of the Jewish psyche.
Optimism seems to be increasing in rural Nebraska.
Optimism seems to be the keynote.
Optimism sells policies and pessimism sells newspapers, but both have been wrong in the past.
Optimism speaks for itself.
Optimism still abounds, even after the losing streak has reached seven games.
Optimism suddenly turns to caution.
Optimism tends to reflect a person's outlook on life and their personality.
Optimism wins out again.
Some optimism comes from the fact that more people are turning into joystick jockeys.
Some optimism is evident in responses regarding employment forecasts.
All Optimist sailors are welcome.
An optimist is a person
Optimists also argue that imperfections in price measurement tend to understate true productivity.
Optimists also have lower levels of the stress hormone cortisol.
Optimists also underestimate the likelihood of bad outcomes over which they have no control.
Optimists are able to cope more effectively with stress.
Optimists are always prey to disappointment, but life without hope is dismal.
Optimists are easy to navigate which permitts a rapid apprenticeship for the students.
Optimists are first choices for first-class positions, regardless of economic conditions.
Optimists are less likely to develop depression and learned helplessness.
Optimists are nice to have around.
Optimists are often less than well informed.
Optimists are people who always think that good things are going to happen in life.
Optimists are people who look on the bright side, even when life is stressful.
Optimists are people.
Optimists are simply pessimists on effective medication.
Optimists are the ultimate realists.
Optimists are volunteers who are dedicated to improving opportunities for youth.
Optimists are welcome if they can control their enthusiasm.
Optimists argue political leadership is awakening.
Optimists argue that it does.
Optimists believe that Japan has finally bottomed out.
Optimists believe that propaganda is all-powerful.
Optimists believe that the world is generally a positive place to be in.
Optimists bring a version of unsensational good news.
Optimists can now reboot the system.
Optimists cite small but encouraging steps.
Optimists foresee new opportunities for democratic and community participation.
Optimists hang out together with other optimists.
Optimists have stronger immune systems and fewer physical complaints.
Optimists helps people pay attention to useful negative information.
Optimists hope for good things to happen and pessimists hope for bad things to happen.
Optimists hope the accord is a step toward ending the fighting and suffering in Bosnia.
Optimists look ahead to the close of the decade and predict spiritual revival.
Optimists look at a situation and see benefits, opportunities and learning experiences.
Optimists look at pessimists and see the warts on their nose as something they can improve on.
Optimists look at the glass and say it's half-full.
Optimists look for opportunities to be supportive, encouraging, and optimistic to others.
Optimists note that nationalists retain less clout than they did five years ago.
Optimists peer through the other end of the philosophical looking glass.
Optimists point to increased joint workshops, conferences and seminars on technical issues.
Optimists point to the potential of the Internet to create a more democratic America.
Optimists say Asia has created better models for e-business than the West.
Optimists say that one eye is always clear, and pessimists feel that one eye is always blurry.
Optimists see a glass that's half-full.
Optimists see problems as opportunities.
Optimists see through the darkness and celebrate the winter solstice as a new beginning.
Optimists stay positive and expect the best outcome regardless of their limitations.
Optimists tend to look at problems as a challenge rather than a barrier.
Optimists tend to view stressors as challenges for growth rather than threats or catastrophe.
Optimists tend toward bright clothing.
Optimists wear blinkers with great joy.
All Optimists are welcome.
Optimistic biases have a number of potential benefits.
Optimistic birds provide a trill or two.
Most optimistic businesses behave the same way.
Optimistic candidates are often effective thinkers who end up choosing an effective solution.
Optimistic concurrency is available as an option on a per-transaction basis.
Optimistic dreams are now possible.
Optimistic estimates see it going on for another three months.
More optimistic fans say it's half-full.
Optimistic goals are effective only if they are a.
Optimistic methods detect any causality violation and invoke a roll-back mechanism to recover.
Optimistic officials proclaim breakthrough and agree to work for swift end to strike.
Optimistic people report less.
Optimistic people tend to be healthier and live longer.
Optimistic promises can vanish in a bureaucratic maze.
Optimistic replication minimizes the bandwidth and connectivity requirements for performing updates.
Optimistic synchronization increases concurrency within the kernel.
Optimistic tenacity can be a most useful weapon.
Optimization problems are at least as difficult to solve as the corresponding decision problems.
Optimization problems can be very hard to solve.
Optimization problems take .
Optimization problems take different forms arising from the motivating applications.
Many optimization problems emerge from statistics and data analysis.
Many optimization problems require the satisfaction of constraints in addition to their objectives.
Most optimization problems have an equivalent decision problem version.
Optimization theory is concerned with assessing the success of behavior.
Optimization theory is the basic tool of most economic analysis.
Optimization also reduces redundancies within PDFs.
Optimization approaches to thermally induced egg white lysozyme gel.
Optimization arrives with the calvary to save the day . . .
Optimization based on click-thru performance is also available.
Optimization based upon design requirements is introduced in a section on trade studies.
Optimization becomes interesting when the problem imposes some structure on the solution space.
Optimization can improve both the GAs speed and capability to solve problems.
Optimization can predict the future given changes now.
Optimization comes in many forms.
Optimization concerns the minimization or maximization of functions.
Optimization continues to undergo very rapid development.
Optimization creates a business solution that's greater than the sum of the parts.
Optimization cuts manufacturing costs, boosts productivity and enhances product quality.
Optimization employs fast computers and powerful software to find the best, or optimal, solution.
Optimization excels at squeezing knowledge out of data.
Optimization finds the best alternative.
Optimization finds the best solutions for difficult problems.
Optimization fully observes impression goals and manual targeting parameters.
Optimization has also at least two more aspects.
Optimization has to be performed under given time constraints.
Optimization hinders evolution.
Optimization ILOG Optimization Suite Business challenges today are virtually overwhelming.
Optimization implies that the goals of the agent are known explicitly.
Optimization includes attention to the overall algorythm of each page of the site.
Optimization increases network throughput while reducing delay time.
Optimization is a door that swings both ways.
Optimization is a key to efficiency in the business world.
Optimization is a major topic of study for all first year calculus students.
Optimization is a prescriptive operations research modeling technique.
Optimization is a rich and thriving mathematical discipline.
Optimization is a special case of generation of efficient implementations from specifications.
Optimization is a top to bottom and beginning to end process.
Optimization is a widely used tool in industry today.
Optimization is about finding better solutions to problems.
Optimization is achieved by applying constraints on the individual projects and overall portfolio.
Optimization is achieved by changing the times at which computations are performed.
Optimization is achieved by finding the local minimum of the unconstrained objective function.
Optimization is achieved in four simple steps.
Optimization is always just a few correctness-preserving transformations away.
Optimization is an analytical process.
Optimization is an important part of statistical calculations and nonlinear regression particularly.
Optimization is an inherent activity in the world.
Optimization is at the core of our efforts.
Optimization is based on a form of branch and bound .
Optimization is based on input user costs.
Optimization is based on the nonuniform access time to specific units in the vocabulary set.
Optimization is based upon kW losses reduction.
Optimization is carried out by Genetic Algorithms.
Optimization is critical.
Optimization is directly related to bandwidth needs.
Optimization is fundamentally a goal seeking algorithm.
Optimization is important here because coagulating agents are costly.
Optimization is improvement
Optimization is improvement.
Optimization is key to effective processing.
Optimization is management's job.
Optimization is obtained by identifying the conditions that obtain desired product sizes.
Optimization is one of their strengths.
Optimization is over both discrete and real-valued parameters.
Optimization is part of the project.
Optimization is performed by dynamic programming.
Optimization is performed continuously in the background.
Optimization is possible because the human language is structured and rule governed.
Optimization is probably next for both filters.
Optimization is probably the most important engineering problem.
Optimization is related to finding the most efficient method of solving a problem.
Optimization is seen as a process in genotype space.
Optimization is semiautomatic just place the source when prompted.
Optimization is strategic analysis of a site for optimal search engine placement.
Optimization is the next step.
Optimization is the process of eliminating fragmentation.
Optimization is the process of making decisions that are superior to any alternatives.
Optimization is therefore practical only on smaller spin systems.
Optimization is to optimize on the design by changing the class structure and interfaces.
Optimization is truly amazing.
Optimization is turned on with the -O option.
Optimization is under way.
Optimization is universal in both the physical world and human activities.
Optimization is used in real-time to obtain appropriate input values.
Optimization isa improvement.
Optimization leverages predictive models to make the best possible decisions.
Optimization means achieving maximum effectiveness with rigorous efficiency.
Optimization means getting the most value from each log that enters a G-P mill.
Optimization means maximizing the good while minimizing the bad.
Optimization occurs across all functional areas simultaneously.
Optimization occurs across all products, all eligible production facilities, and across time.
Optimization occurs locally for speed and security.
Optimization reduces cost.
Optimization refers to the process of fine-tuning each car to achieve it's top performance.
Optimization requires concrete implementation type information.
Optimization requires considerable expertise, which makes optimization expensive.
Optimization requires cooperation of all parties.
Optimization requires knowledge.
Optimization requires thorough analysis from the beginning.
Optimization results in reduced fuel gas consumption and lower greenhouse gas emissions.
Optimization results in the production of more efficient object code.
Optimization routines to minimize costs associated with business transport.
Optimization Takes . .
Optimization thus represents a compromise between maintenance of motility and acrosomal integrity.
Optimization tricks Click for full story .
Optimization uses mathematical techniques to assist in the solution of real-world problems.
Optimization uses statistics on the distribution of data in the database.
Optimization works best when the right people are in the right place at the right time.
Optimizations enable further optimizations.
Optimizations seem to be restarting properly.
Optimizations using descending keys and keys using fielding now work properly.
Optimization often delays evolution.
All optimizations use trilinear interpolation.
Most optimization requires knowledge.
Most optimizations are brittle.
Most optimizations improve execution speed and decrease executable code size.
Some optimization also focuses on links and how they are titled.
Some optimization requires a reduction in the physical size of an image to fit it better on a page.
Some optimizations are level changes.
Some optimizations are possible here.
Some optimizations only apply to hardware implementations.
Some optimizations reduce precision.
Optimized assays are more sensitive to inhibitors than non-optimized assays.
Optimized code is often obscure.
Optimized enclosures are essential in achieving maximum sensitivity, overall.
Optimized geometries are in good agreement with X-ray data.
Optimized process starts also improve server performance.
Optimized processes facilitate shorter throughput times for parts.
Optimized programs function identically to compiled programs.
Optimized speed allows for faster date entry.
Optimized structures increase performance.
Optimized tools mean fewer delays, higher quality, and on-time delivery.
Optimized versions can reduce both the running time and the number of required plaintexts.
Optimum adhesion is obtained by roughening the surface before applying the coating.
Optimum bias provides the best balance of tube life and sound quality.
Optimum capacity is double or twin, with third adult or two children on the double sofa bed.
Optimum care is taken to ensure artifact safety.
Optimum catches are when yellow sticky traps are placed at, or slightly above, plant height.
Optimum comfort is maintained too.
Optimum conditions occur more often during nighttime and early morning hours.
Optimum coupling is studied.
Optimum decomposition occurs when available carbon and nitrogen are present in the right ratio.
Optimum deformation is the compromise between electrical requirements and mechanical specifications.
Optimum designs locate the load nearest to the gearcase output bearing.
Optimum diets contain proteins.
Most optimum diets contain proteins.
Optimum digestion reduces the incidence of colic and impaction.
Optimum diversity appears in the latter.
Optimum dosage requires further investigation.
Optimum dosage varies with the response of the individual patient.
Optimum efficiency is accomplished by building the fire directly on the special refractory hearth.
Optimum efficiency is the next most important feature to look for.
Optimum environments contribute to growth.
Most optimum environments contribute to growth.
Optimum fertility tied to crop needs gives crops early vigor to outcompete weeds.
Optimum fertilization is essential for top quality and yields.
Optimum fertilization is essential for top quality, yields, and returns.
Optimum fertilization is intended to produce top quality and yields in keeping with maximum returns.
Optimum fitness is achieved through physical activity as well as proper nutrition.
Optimum flexibility is developed through a gradual process of safe and easy stretching techniques.
Optimum flexibility is offered in terms of style, seating arrangements and presentation facilities.
Optimum flocculation is achieved in a specially designed, baffled feedwell.
Optimum frequency becomes lower as the detection range increases.
Optimum function is achieved when the brace is worn directly on the skin .
Optimum growth can occur while water is being conserved.
Optimum growth is approximately six to eight inches.
Optimum growth requires fertilization.
Most optimum growth requires fertilization.
Optimum habitat includes riparian,riverine, lacustrine, and emergent wetlands.
Optimum habitat is provided by sub-climax vegetation.
Optimum healing brings freedom from discomfort, increased energy, mobility and strength, etc.
Optimum health begins with optimum water.
Optimum health depends on it.
Optimum health is achieved when all three aspects are considered and cared for.
Optimum health means knowing our cellular heritage from the inside out.
Optimum health requires total interconnection, which also makes possible the healing of old traumas.
Optimum health varies from one person to the next.
Optimum improvements are gain when used on a regular basis.
Optimum insulation is combined with a specifically-designed heat pump system.
Optimum isolation occurs when the payload is isolated internally to the chamber when space permits.
Optimum location places the band HERE .
Optimum moisture is critical to getting good balage.
Optimum moisture is responsible for a good permeability of gas and a steady reduction of ore.
Optimum nutrition can ensure that mental and physical edge.
Optimum nutrition is a lifestyle commitment.
Optimum nutrition is one of the absolute keys to successful sled dog racing.
Optimum nutrition supports health, wellness and growth.
Optimum occupancy is four to six people-maximum occupancy is eight.
Optimum officials see that as an opportunity.
Optimum participation is achieved when the commission's stated tasks are understood.
Optimum performance comes from the five-speed, but even with the automatic it is fairly spunky.
Optimum performance is achieved by using the sensor in the hermetically sealed SD package.
Optimum performance is achieved when used with a true differential input amplifier.
Optimum performance is directly proportional to processor speed and system memory.
Optimum performance is in medium to bright conditions.
Optimum performance is most likely to occur and moderate levels of arousal.
Optimum performance is obtained by matching the application and material to the correct equipment.
Optimum performance is obtained from co-ordinated operation of the netwinch and stacker by one man.
Optimum performance is realized at higher solution temperatures.
Optimum performance is with equal mains pressure hot and cold water.
Optimum performance requires consistency.
Optimum performance requires the maintenance of blood glucose, as well as muscle and liver glycogen.
Optimum performance results from extensive experience in design and from system level testing.
Optimum pressure is determined for each specific application.
Optimum price is determined by the interesction of the marginal revenue and marginal cost curves.
Optimum properties require grafting between the matrix and dispersed phases.
Optimum reception is achieved when the meter registers in the middle area.
Optimum response is unique to individuals.
Optimum results are after three months.
Optimum results come from daily practice - once or twice daily.
Optimum results require favorable distribution of satellites at the time that data is collected.
Optimum sample is obtained at first morning voiding.
Optimum security is guaranteed by a log-in and a smart card.
Optimum sensitivity is determined by an operator assisted sensitivity indicator.
Optimum settings are easy to find.
Optimum size varies depending on the purpose of the group and the needs of the members.
Optimum solutions imply trade-offs.
Optimum specimen viewing is provided by high contrast background.
Optimum storage is to drape the tent fly and body in a room or closet.
Optimum success demands the highest levels of professional skills . . .
Optimum temperature is the most important factor to maintain quality.
Some optimum temperature needs for germination.
Some optimum temperature needs for quick germination.
Optimum time is in the morning just after the dew has dried.
Optimum time is late afternoon to early morning hours.
Optimum timing appears to be when fifth instar nymphs appear.
Optimum timing depends on the plant species.
Optimum traffic happens only where elements such as positioning and submitting overlap .
Optimum treatment depends on early and accurate detection.
Optimum treatment includes smoking cessation.
Optimum usage involves mixing only as much air as necessary to ensure that all the gas gets burned.
Optimum use is made of computer facilities and existing programs through remote access terminals.
Optimum yields are necessary if growers are to stay in business.
An optimum is goodness
Optimum has that special combination of the highest quality supplements and very reasonable prices.
Option buttons allow the user to make choices.
Option buttons are usually round to differentiate between option buttons and check boxes.
Option Buttons Create an application which operates like the screen shots below.
Option buttons work as a group.
Option c is how the student's sentence actually ended.
Option c is proposed for the reasons described below.
Option c is used for polling purposed.
Some option contracts can be disastrous for the artist.
Option fees are always negotiable.
Option markets are thus quite literally supply and demand marketplaces.
Option menu Shows the option menu.
Option plays are also complicated.
Option plays are numerous.
Option premium is the price paid by the buyer to acquire the right to exercise the option.
Option premiums fluctuate based on market conditions.
Option premiums reflect what traders feel at a moment in time about possible future price movements.
Option premiums tend to decline as their option expiration date approaches.
Every option premium is comprised of some intrinsic value and some time value.
Every option premium is made up of some time value and some intrinsic value.
Option price is higher than fair market value at grant.
Option prices are in addition to the price of a bow.
Option prices are rather hefty.
Option prices change from moment to moment, right along with the wind-speed gauges.
Option pricing is based on a variety of factors.
Option pricing is introduced and the many applications of options in corporate finance explored.
Option pricing offers a smorgasbord of pricing models.
Option strategies carry inherent risk of large potential losses, including loss of principal.
Option traders are able to trade all long position, calls or puts.
Many option traders study market conditions and historical price action to forecast volatility.
Option trading is also very cheap.
Option trading is expensive and the yields have to be high.
Option trading is much more complicated than it appears.
Option trading is now an immense financial activity.
Option trading is speculative in nature.
All option trading involves some strategy.
Option valuation mandates the use of advanced mathematical models.
Option values are usually case-sensitive as well.
Option values have meaning for and are defined by the protocol to which they apply.
An option is a derivative
Option activates the magic eraser.
Option allow HTML tag or turn it off.
Option Allows custom color profile creation and post-RIP color manipulation.
Option allows individual district staff needs to be met at a reasonable cost.
Option b is correct.
Option b is more complex.
Option b is on the regression line.
Option can be up to three digits long.
Option causes only locally originated messages to be report- ed.
Option ceases trading when corresponding futures locks limit.
Option click a listbox header to reverse the current sort order.
Option Click a URL to delete it.
Option click button to edit selected list.
Option click it to adjust the speed.
Option click the calendar to move forward a year, shift click for the reverse effect.
Option click the zoom box to toggle between large and small icons.
Option click to sort.
Option clicking an item in the process dock hides all other applications again.
Option clicking the close box closes all the windows and clears the clipboards.
Option clones the selection before moving.
Option complain over all town hence went interior painting suggestions.
Option complain over all town hence went interior painting.
Option Define the possible sorts.
Option drag a field to quickly add a new field with the same formatting.
Option drag individual items in the strip to change their positions.
Option draws the marquee from the center instead of the corner.
Option Enter the option here.
Option features available on request.
Option guarantees initial assignment only.
Option includes an installation CD for their own computers and upgrades during the semester.
Option includes quick couplers and controls.
Option indicates what resource command to perform.
Option indicates what to do with the file name.
Option indicates what to do with the registry key name.
Option is a contrived class defined in the file option.h.
Option is also the easiest magazine to find on newsstands.
Option is available for instructor to visit each distant campus to orient students to software.
Option is available through our cart at checkout.
Option is available to have stats accessible by the public or password protected.
Option is contolled by browser preference alternateBrowserColors.
Option is enabled by default.
Option is given to eliminate all but the first header from such file.
Option is great for navigation training.
Option is here only for compatibility since genscript prints binary files anyway.
Option is installed.
Option is now in effect.
Option is selected by default.
Option is set for the preference.
Option is to cut a piece of black felt the same size as the spider, glue to bottom.
Option is to portage over the right ledge and run the right 'sneak' channel or portage left.
Option is used to indicate an implied century.
Option is useful in evaluating flow units and can be used as a blocking function.
Option isa cognition.
Option isa knowledge.
Option maintains campus data integrity and gives HR office single entry.
Option makes the crop center based.
Option obey around little thief both lock photo scanners.
Option offers workout flexibility.
Option provides access to CD-based information systems.
Option sets the source point for the cloning.
Option Shows a link to the default template.
Option Specifies whether double-high print is wanted.
Option stop over in London on the return.
Option subtracts from the selection if another selection is active.
Option subtracts to the selection if another selection is active.
Option takes a mandatory integer argument.
Option takes a mandatory string argument.
Option takes an optional string argument.
Option temporarily activates the eyedropper.
Option temporarily activates zoom-out.
Option temporarily actives the eyedropper.
Option then is to open file as text which gives garballed data.
Option Use the A option to assign a new work order number.
Option Wait interval after failed unmount.
Options -a attachment specifies an attachment to be included with the mail message.
Options -a requires file to already exist.
Options abound and just about everything is adjustable.
Options abound at lunch.
Options abound at tight end and wide receiver.
Options abound during configuration or retrieval mode, compression format, transfer mode, etc.
Options abound for computer owners.
Options abound for donors to give and reap benefits.
Options abound for lowering cholesterol through lifestyle, diet, supplements, and drugs.
Options abound for personal and corporate involvement.
Options abound in Revenge .
Options abound in the area.
Options abound once lunch time rolls around.
Options abound to relieve women's midlife symptoms.
Options abound when it comes to payment.
Options abound when it comes to purchasing New Guinea impatiens.
Options abound when selecting lodging, meals, and especially cultural experiences.
Options abound, and shopping continues to evolve, just like everything else in New York.
Options abound, with classic and modern gadgets that cater to the outdoor gourmet.
Options accessing audio and videoclips of signing are available.
Options activebackground .
Options add additional cost.
Options add an additional level of complexity.
Options add complexity but is useful and important.
Options add cost.
Options addroute and delroute .
Options affect everyday life.
Options affect life.
Options affect much more than a company's income statement.
Options allow an investor to determine a dollar value for an event that is to occur in the future.
Options allow computer or human opponents.
Options allow different time series models to be over-plotted.
Options allow diverse fonts, colour schemes, and graphics.
Options allow documents to be watermarked and support double-sided printing.
Options allow for automatic E-mail pattern identification.
Options allow for automatic identification of file downloads made from the Internet.
Options allow for automatic Internet browsing identification.
Options allow for broader analysis.
Options allow for creating worksheets, posting sheets, catalogs, and even lots on labels.
Options allow for resizing and moving of pictures.
Options allow for selective querying of resources, host types or host models.
Options allow for serial switching, and differential common port.
Options allow for the initial state of the state of the system to be set.
Options allow for the selection of items and the initial display of part of the timescale.
Options allow for the use and storage of telephones, computers and presentation systems.
Options allow for variety.
Options allow investors to hedge stock holdings or leverage a small investment into a large bet.
Options allow monitoring of a single analog input, with user-programmable high and low setpoints.
Options allow parents to customize features for each child, including printing limits.
Options allow patient interviews or the selection of various tests and manipulations.
Options allow players to change the music or turn it off.
Options allow players to set the speed of the game, though.
Options allow retaining objects that contain data fields.
Options allow significant flexibility in designing income patterns.
Options allow someone to buy a company s stock at a preset price.
Options allow someone to buy a company's stock at a preset price.
Options allow specification of the signal and interval to be analyzed and the detection threshold.
Options allow the addition of a key and isolines similar to a topographic map.
Options allow the addition of voice output for feedback.
Options allow the color name to be spoken for auditory reinforcement.
Options allow the company to pay for employee motivation with less risk.
Options allow the design of the stage, and the placing of props and extras.
Options allow the disabled requirements to be met.
Options allow the holder to purchase stock at a set price.
Options allow the megawidget user to modify the appearance and behaviour of the megawidget.
Options allow the player to change sounds and tile patterns.
Options allow the rate threshold and minimum interval between signalling queued processes.
Options allow the user to see companies as represented by market capitalization and ticker symbol.
Options allow the user to submit or view a lesson plan.
Options allow various manipulations of the directory stack.
Options allows many of the settings of the server to be changed easily.
Options also are available that allow the student to view a course and general requirement listings.
Options also differ from hedges as there is a premium for the option.
Options also exist for commercial consultants to gain exposure through the service.
Options also exist for individualized study in other disciplines.
Options also has footwear for ladies like sandals, shoes, slippers.
Options also have a cost in the form of a premium paid for the rights obtained.
Options also have an expiration date.
Options also have time value.
Options appear as extension headers that follow the IP header in the datagram.
Options appear below.
Options appear by themselves.
Options appear immediately after a instruction, always in parentheses.
Options appear in dropdown menus.
Options appear on the lower right hand side while buttons appear on the bottom.
Options appear within a list as the first argument to a graphical primitive term.
Options are a comma- separated list of one or more of the following keywords.
Options are a diversity award to a staff member, mentoring etc.
Options are a free ride.
Options are a good move, but a small one.
Options are a great hedge against accounting exposure.
Options are a growing area in the securities industry.
Options are a little bit different.
Options are a more complex class of derivatives.
Options are a newer method of forward pricing.
Options are a popular investment hedge.
Options are a remarkable financial invention.
Options are a serged finish, turn under and stitch, bias binding and pink and stitch.
Options are a simple rotation, tumbling and walk through.
Options are a tangible link between company and employee performance.
Options are a trading derivative based upon an underlying security or index.
Options are according to the number of business employees.
Options are add points, delete points, or no action.
Options are additional to the package cost.
Options are almost unlimited.
Options are also available for an employee's spouse, parents, in-laws and university retirees.
Options are also available for clients without internet access.
Options are also available for foreign transactions, statement reminders and spending patterns.
Options are also available for operation above and below the standard channels.
Options are also available for part-time study.
Options are also available for study of the earlier literature and the history of the language.
Options are also available in geomorphology, hydrogeology, tectonics and structural analysis.
Options are also available in nonmathematical subjects.
Options are also available to perform a full extraction of files from the image if required.
Options are also available to specify the workpiece geometry including entry and exit angles.
Options are also available.
Options are an upcoming feature.
Options are another type of investment that is difficult to thoroughly understand.
Options are anti-aliasing and soften The fuzzy selection tool , to select a continuous region.
Options are any valid gnuplot command, proceeded by a dash.
Options are applied in the order specified, thus later options can modify earlier ones.
Options are available as to the nature of the implant.
Options are available at additional cost.
Options are available below to remove items from the shopping cart .
Options are available for a visit to Kangaroo Island and other places if so desired.
Options are available for additional sun control and privacy.
Options are available for continuing to teach for two additional quarters.
Options are available for custom imprinting on the dispensers.
Options are available for detours and shortcuts as well as a sag wagon on all rides.
Options are available for either browsing or searching the archives.
Options are available for extended hours.
Options are available for family and single dependent coverage.
Options are available for fax and mail orders, too.
Options are available for fitting all columns or rows to a certain number of pages.
Options are available for grinding surface finish.
Options are available for individuals with academic degrees in fields other than early childhood.
Options are available for instructors to use, including a free quiz.
Options are available for many products and derivatives.
Options are available for morning program, afternoon program, or both.
Options are available for nonmajors who wish to take honors courses.
Options are available for other counting rates.
Options are available for our clients in both design and fabrication.
Options are available for packaging the software using different methods.
Options are available for registering on-line or by telephone.
Options are available for remote communications, interrogation and trending.
Options are available for seeing large or small-sized photos.
Options are available for specifying case.
Options are available for students with or without a design background.
Options are available for the remaining four modules in other departments, depending on timetables.
Options are available for transferring data between monitors and for message generation.
Options are available immediately following termination.
Options are available in both professional and academic areas.
Options are available in civil, electronics, mechanical, and manufacturing engineering technology.
Options are available in England, France, Japan, London, Mexico, Spain and Switzerland.
Options are available in every region of the world.
Options are available in liberal arts disciplines and other departmental majors.
Options are available in several strike prices representing the price of the underlying instrument.
Options are available on many kinds of investments in Canada and in foreign markets.
Options are available on the left side of the screen.
Options are available relating to shares, futures contracts and some physical stocks.
Options are available that can dramatically improve their quality of life.
Options are available throughout the year.
Options are available to add or remove brain labels and the bandwidth of the images can be changed.
Options are available to advance on the salary schedule.
Options are available to allow for automated data entry and error checking input data.
Options are available to allow the user to configure the events generated by the target.
Options are available to capture individual subwindows.
Options are available to change the games to suit the way the therapist wants to do therapy.
Options are available to change the report based on day, hour, monitor or even location.
Options are available to control the game such as game speed.
Options are available to customize the space to fit individual needs.
Options are available to display additional parts of the file, or to display more lines at a time.
Options are available to dress the kit up.
Options are available to drive additional target banks.
Options are available to either add or subtract material.
Options are available to enable compression, specify the number of parallel transfer streams etc.
Options are available to exclude spouses.
Options are available to fight a single battle or partake in a series of missions on the world map.
Options are available to fit the differences in each employee's specific situation.
Options are available to fit virtually any budget.
Options are available to format the source code and store it in an external file.
Options are available to have the stories read aloud or to have the student read the stories.
Options are available to include coverage for overtime hours.
Options are available to maple Bay as well.
Options are available to pay by phone or via the Internet.
Options are available to prepare students for careers in applied biology and in industry.
Options are available to provide continuing income to the donor's spouse and children.
Options are available to provide for nursing home coverage, at-home care and inflation protection.
Options are available to restrict or broaden the search.
Options are available to select the coordinate ranges and data layers.
Options are available to sponsor the whole site, or a popular section of the site.
Options are available to tailor for different types of animal.
Options are available to tailor the program for specific interests.
Options are available to to start the film, select a scene, or visit the extras menu.
Options are available weekdays, weekends and evenings.
Options are available which allow students to specialize for the career track of their choice.
Options are available which emphasize general programming or midrange computing.
Options are available which emphasize general programming or mid-range computing.
Options are available with a variety of strike prices and expiration months.
Options are available with strike prices in various price increments.
Options are available, both on the hospital campus and in the surrounding area.
Options are available, including music, sounds, and time limit.
Options are available.
Options are basically bets.
Options are bearer securities that can remain in circulation for three years.
Options are better than cash, particularly before the company becomes profitable.
Options are bi-monthly, monthly, or quarterly and maybe viewed online at any time.
Options are by sports, or by date.
Options are cash, credit cards, or traveler's checks.
Options are child development and family relations, consumer affairs, or family life education.
Options are city, town, tropical forest, desert, and mountainside.
Options are clear.
Options are colon-separated.
Options are contracts.
Options are contractual rights to buy or sell something.
Options are cumulative.
Options are currently under consideration.
Options are derivatives and have a time lag.
Options are derivatives.
Options are different for each machine.
Options are different for each menu.
Options are easily field-installable.
Options are either upper or lower case.
Options are endless.
Options are essential because they create dialogue and discussion.
Options are extra due to expense of material or time and labor of application.
Options are extra.
Options are fairly easy to understand.
Options are few and include a premium stereo, sunroof, handling package and chrome wheels.
Options are few.
Options are field installable only.
Options are flexible trading and risk management tools.
Options are for a specific underlying futures contract delivery month.
Options are for Either a smooth face chromium plated trigger or a wider black serrated trigger.
Options are for evensong in a famous London cathedral, tea, theatre tickets, and a dinner party.
Options are for experienced investors only.
Options are for students of a specific major.
Options are forward or discard .
Options are fun.
Options are generally single characters or a whole word preceded by a hyphen.
Options are generally single characters that represent specific options.
Options are given to set timeouts, force users to log off, warn users of impending shutdown etc.
Options are good.
Options are great to choose from.
Options are ideal for investors who are clever, cautious or indecisive.
Options are immediately exercisable and expire five years from the date of grant.
Options are important since everyone has different preferences.
Options are in almost all cases negotiated separately for each side of the connection.
Options are in extension headers.
Options are instruments with limited life spans.
Options are items that the builder installs while constructing the house.
Options are left , right , both , or none .
Options are left, right, both, or none.
Options are less likely to be granted to lower-level employees.
Options are less liquid than the underlying futures.
Options are less tangible than some other investments.
Options are like attribute subclassing.
Options are likely to include an assessment district of downtown property owners and paid parking.
Options are limited and the cost is high.
Options are limited to attack or defend.
Options are limited to basics, like volume control for instance.
Options are limited to loading or starting a new game.
Options are limited.
Options are limitless and each group has it own path.
Options are loose or snug.
Options are magazines.
Options are many and varied.
Options are many, designed to protect the claimant and attorney.
Options are many.
Options are mono, stereo, and oldstereo.
Options are more flexible, too.
Options are more varied in other countries.
Options are much like an insurance policy.
Options are Normal and Failed.
Options are now as American as apple pie.
Options are often available on a full or part-time basis, depending on the choice of course.
Options are often limited, depending on geographic location and the patient's ability to pay.
Options are on or off.
Options are one or more laps.
Options are one semester, a full year, or summer sessions.
Options are one type of derivative, because their value derives from the value of the underlier.
Options are only the icing on the cake.
Options are open for people of all different services and skills.
Options are open for trading in rotation after the stocks open for trading.
Options are open with our customized instruments.
Options are per availability.
Options are plentiful.
Options are preferable to advice.
Options are purely a speculation.
Options are really pretty limited.
Options are renewable annually to a maximum of five years.
Options are rights to buy stock at a specified price.
Options are risky enough.
Options are risky for both sellers and buyers.
Options are seat preferences such as aisle or window, smoking or nonsmoking.
Options are severely limited.
Options are significant, and winning tactics change depending on the conditions chosen.
Options are similar to the other designs.
Options are somewhat limited.
Options are speculative investments because they have only a limited life.
Options are still available for last minute plane, train and car reservations.
Options are straightforward to understand.
Options are strictly the same.
Options are subject to adjustments of course selection and scheduled times.
Options are subject to the terms of a Stock Option Agreement.
Options are terrific risk management tools.
Options are the areas of primary expertise that majors develop in the course of their studies.
Options are the building blocks for future alternatives.
Options are the options that the widget accepts.
Options are the paint finish and an automatic gearbox.
Options are the point of Linux.
Options are the same as for idim.
Options are the station name or BOTH .
Options are the usual path to profit.
Options are things like character sets, display emulation modes, extended feature sets, etc.
Options are to auto-assess or to call up the dictionary.
Options are to be freely chosen throughout the duration of the piece.
Options are to be listed as a separate, identifiable unit within the major course section.
Options are to pay with cash or credit card.
Options are to rebuild everything or to rebuild a portion of school.
Options are to rent, share or apply for university residential accommodation if continuing to study.
Options are truly field installable.
Options are typically nontransferable except in limited circumstances.
Options are under review.
Options are unlimited.
Options are usually single letters or digits preceded by a dash.
Options are versatile instruments that can be used in a wide variety of investment strategies.
Options are very difficult to value accurately.
Options are very easy to find.
Options are very limited, again with the goal of keeping the game simple for a younger audience.
Options are very rich.
Options are very time sensitive investments.
Options are warm, cool, thermal, rainbow, greyscale, or userdefined .
Options are well understood and accepted by executives.
Options are what are important.
Options are white pickguard and left-handed model.
Options are 'yes' or 'no.
Options are yet to be explored.
Options are, Routed from source.
Options arise in many fields.
Options arise only when a brave soul writes such a contract.
Options become essentials.
Options become exercisable in installments one, three, and five years after the date of grant.
Options begin to appear.
Options begin to emerge about what is possible through the discussion around relativity.
Options begin with a kind field that identifies the type of options.
Options begin with a 'kind' field that identifies the type of options.
Options being considered include capping, institutional controls, and restriction of groundwater.
Options being studied include cruise ships and military buildings.
Options belong to a broad category of securities known as derivatives or contingent claims.
Options Below is a table that lists the various training options available through Blackboard.
Options can also be potentially valuable to the employees if and when they become profitable.
Options can appear anywhere in the command line.
Options can appear multiple times.
Options can be a critical part of risk management and marketing strategies.
Options can be a great tool for traders if used properly.
Options can be either European or American options.
Options can be extremely speculative or extremely conservative.
Options can be one of the biggest money makers.
Options can be quite sophisticated, though most are easy to understand.
Options can be specified with more than two letters but only the first two are significant.
Options can be the best hedge for accounting exposure.
Options can cover plant and tools, caravans, additional public liability and existing structures.
Options can either be in the money or out of the money.
Options can exist at multiple protocol levels.
Options can exist because of insufficient evidence or because patient preferences are divided.
Options can follow the dimension expressions.
Options can help.
Options can include health assistance, major credit cards and low down payments.
Options can make a vehicle more comfortable, personal, and functional.
Options can provide a type of insurance against adverse price moves.
Options can range from talking about the problem to requesting a formal grievance proceeding.
Options can seem complicated at first.
Options can spec- ify that only certain counts be printed.
Options can specify that only certain counts be printed.
Options can vary with renovations and additions.
Options carry a particularly high degree of risk.
Options carry risk, and recent months have made that very clear.
Options change from year to year but the range is broad.
Options Change the settings.
Options change the way tar performs an operation.
Options changes the options for the viewer and conversion program.
Options check-names See Name Checking .
Options Click on to submit an assignment.
Options considered are parenthood and adoption.
Options considered in a vacuum or without the whole context have a greater risk of being rejected.
Options considered include technology and energy efficiency improvements.
Options consist of a dash, a single character, and sometimes an argument.
Options contains a varied offering of activities from role playing to puzzles to library research.
Options continue all the way to the Pacific Coast.
Options control how it recognizes and replaces color.
Options control whether a single HTML document is created or a set of linked documents.
Options Cost space weight notes int.
Options cover business organisation and the theory of computing.
Options Create and maintain a master copy of the client's desktop software configuration.
Options -D Set the grid spacing for the new grid.
Options defines additional processing options.
Options depend on the database, but all include language and publication year.
Options depend on types.
Options describes the function and required form of each argument and flag.
Options differ from all other financial instruments in terms of the patterns of risk they entail.
Options differ from forwards and futures in two main ways.
Options differ in their special features.
Options discussed include part-time, job sharing, flextime, telecommuting and more.
Options display in a drop down menu or a scroll box.
Options do cost money and it is called a premium, just like insurance.
Options do exist.
Options Easily change screen to accommodate one type or two types of insulin.
Options Eliminate some cards.
Options emphasize the following areas.
Options enable students to concentrate on a more defined area within certain majors.
Options enable the amount of detail and movement displayed to be controlled.
Options enable users.
Options EnOnly Computes the forces by numerically differentiating the energy once.
Options error number Specifies each error number to translate.
Options exist beyond substituting one chemical for another.
Options exist for almost all of the tools in the toolbox.
Options exist for deleting a single booking in a recurring event or deleting the entire event.
Options exist for enlarging, reducing, and normalizing the scale.
Options exist for fading in and fading out.
Options exist for first timers, as well as for filthy dirty pot-holing fanatics.
Options exist for human readable or easily parsible output.
Options exist for price sensitive considerations, system sizing and future expansion.
Options exist for stocks, indexes, and futures.
Options exist for students to earn dual degrees, double majors, or complete more than one minor.
Options exist for students with either a research or management focus.
Options exist for students with extra research or management focus.
Options exist for the completion of the program.
Options exist for where in the color table the index is chosen.
Options exist in both professional as well as consumer market-oriented companies.
Options exist in many areas of science.
Options exist now for charting the course toward restoration.
Options exist to allow classroom instruction to continue when problem behavior occurs.
Options exist to better involve business and industry.
Options exist to choose which statistics to compute if the execution time is a factor.
Options exist to control the appearance and actions of the widget.
Options exist to pursue training with a particular focus on primary care.
Options exist to re-route or modify the surrounding routes to improve the view.
Options exist to select all nodes, all nodes of the same type, all hierarchies, or no nodes.
Options exist to select font faces and sizes and foreground and background colours for the message.
Options exist to stay on top of other windows and to load a clip list on start.
Options exist to vary the plotting angle and to plot axes.
Options exist to varying the plotting angle and to plot axes.
Options exist within the curriculum to structure an individualized program of study.
Options exist, albeit few.
Options exist, however, that lower the rates.
Options expand for qualified students into Co-op and apprenticeship experiences.
Options expire approximately a month before the associated futures contract.
Options expire ten years from grant date.
Options extend to either galvanized internals or various painting approaches.
Options faced by many utilities boil down to closing, selling, or re-licensing.
Options facilitate the transfer of price risk to others.
Options -fg foreground color choose a different color for the pupil of the eyes.
Options Find compression ratio.
Options Find out how many options the label wants.
Options follow the command, and arguments follow the options.
Options generally arise out of the audit based on a common sense approach to identified problems.
Options generally become exercisable no earlier than one year after grant.
Options generally expire ten years after the grant date.
Options get more sophisticated as the software's cost goes up.
Options give a producer the right to extend an agreement for several time periods.
Options give a recipient the ability to buy shares at a set price sometime in the future.
Options give leverage, which make huge bets possible with only a little money.
Options Give members the value of even greater convenience.
Options give one ability to open location, preferences, assign image buttons and purge the cache.
Options give sales people a bewildering number of combinations to impact price.
Options give the agricultural industry a flexible pricing tool to assist in price risk management.
Options gives a dialog box with two parts.
Options go deeper underwater.
Options Go forward to Bugs .
Options Go to the previous , next section.
Options -h host specifies the host name.
Options have a time limit.
Options have advantage.
Options have an up-front cost for the privilege of following prices higher.
Options have choices.
Options have effects.
Options have issues.
Options have many useful purposes.
Options have non-linear payoffs.
Options have own advantage.
Options have own unique issues.
Options Have students describe several possible uses for their windmills.
Options Have students describe several possible windmills.
Options Have students make a larger plan that involves other members of their family.
Options Have students think of several possible uses for water wheels.
Options Have students use the energy terms and definitions to make a crossword puzzle.
Options Have students use the product from the above activity or choose a different one.
Options have to exist.
Options have upside.
Options have value.
Options have various properties that are quantified using Greek symbols.
Options having the same standardized terms are identical and comprise an options series.
Options help business.
Options helps with creativity.
Options here allow each member to change their preferences.
Options however have to be loaded one at a time.
Options -I Identify the program version.
Options include career paths.
Options include customs.
Options include meals.
Options include paths.
Options include technology.
Options include variation.
Options involve combining two or more study areas into a unified degree program.
Options involve conflicts.
Options involve radiation therapy.
Options involve risk.
Options involve therapy.
Options is a business owned and operated by a woman.
Options is a complementary therapy clinic in Canberra, Australia.
Options is a course that deals with arbitrage, trading strategies and option pricing.
Options is a list of atoms.
Options is a list of options to specify the search.
Options is a list of options.
Options is a wonderful guidebook for people who have cancer.
Options is available to assist potential applicants searching for a specific health career field.
Options is available to help consumers budget their money by using a voucher system.
Options is committed to hiring staff with disabilities.
Options is found under the Tools pull-down menu.
Options is more of an advisement program than an academic program.
Options -k subst Use subst style keyword substitution when retrieving the revision for comparison.
Options Keep whole fund in single currency and prices in same denomination.
Options lead to production.
Options lead to sustainable production.
Options leads to certification to teach music at all levels of the public schools.
Options lends itself to technology and trading.
Options Let's get the mundane stuff out of the way right off the bat.
Options listed below are plus to the standard packaging.
Options lock in a minimum price.
Options lose all of their time premium by expiration, which is referred to as time decay.
Options menu now shows visibility status.
Options modify the action of the command in some way, or tell the command exactly how to operate.
Options modify the way that a command works.
Options -n number of lines, specifies the number of lines in a screenfull.
Options Now has ability to Ring other user.
Options offer flexibility to deal with uncertain weather, production potential and markets.
Options offer flexibility.
Options offer the individual the best potential for long term recovery.
Options offers various options to the user.
Options open Domestic traders are happy about the prospect of duty impositions.
Options operate in the form of contracts.
Options permit an area of speciality.
Options permit an area of specialty.
Options planned reflect the major interest areas of the economics staff.
Options Play against a friend or a computer controlled team.
Options -Pprinter Remove a file from the specified printer's queue.
Options present themselves.
Options Presents a sub-menu for making changes to personal settings and performance adjustments.
Options Press the links to access each section .
Options protect an investor from unfavourable fluctuations in price.
Options provide an important tool for limiting risk and increasing opportunities.
Options provide choices.
Options provide flexibility in marketing.
Options provide for misspellings, capitalization, extra words and word order.
Options provide investors and companies with a means to reduce risk.
Options Provide prices in currency of fund only other possible for dual display purposes.
Options provide significant leverage and limit the trader's exposure to a small predetermined sum.
Options provided are templates, profiles, as well as physical and internal boundaries.
Options range from a few days to a few weeks per month.
Options range from a fully-elected body to one where every member is appointed.
Options range from a loose confederation to a fully unitary institution.
Options range from a simple binder to a soft bound book to a hard bound record.
Options range from banners and buttons to streaming video on a custom branded player.
Options range from bare sites to eco-friendly shelters.
Options range from church basements and fire halls to plush banquet facilities.
Options range from direct licensing of the technology to consultation.
Options range from doing nothing to creating a parallel highway.
Options range from essay contests to community service projects.
Options range from every fifteen minutes to once a week.
Options range from fines to jail term.
Options range from free listings of contact information or links to existing web sites.
Options range from imposing restrictions on company's conduct to a breakup.
Options range from increasing conservation programs to creating a municipal utility.
Options range from inexpensive to more expensive.
Options range from inpatient to day treatment to outpatient care.
Options range from interpersonal communication to journalism and mass media.
Options range from old factories to recently finished ones.
Options range from our free service to dedicated and managed servers.
Options range from patrolling the park to performing experiments while earning park ranger badges.
Options range from permanent storage to processing and reuse.
Options range from prevention and diverting situations to methods for escaping.
Options range from renewable technologies to carbon taxes and transportation sector initiatives.
Options range from seafood to bar snacks.
Options range from shared hosting for smaller sites to dedicated server options.
Options range from simple adjustments in the home to specialized nursing care.
Options range from simple folding machines to more complex systems that combine functions.
Options range from smart card to a simple magnetic strip card.
Options range from staying with a local family all the way to affordable luxury hotels.
Options range from the affordable to the ridicules.
Options range from vouchers to charter schools to magnet schools.
Options range from weekly email newsletters to monthly online magazines.
Options range from withdrawing on schedule to providing a war deterrence force.
Options ranging from a week to a full year are available.
Options ranging from deluxe hotels to standard guesthouses are available in Darjeeling.
Options really run counter to a long term investment plan.
Options reduce the value of a company as soon as they're issued.
Options refine the operation of the elements they are part of.
Options reflect a student s interests and are discussed with an adviser.
Options relate to safety.
Options related to internal fixed size limitations attest to that.
Options remain in effect until changed.
Options remain in the tried and trusted format.
Options remain outstanding under a predecessor plan subject to similar terms.
Options remain very similar to that offered last year.
Options represent underlying futures contracts.
Options require a basic knowledge of the stock market.
Options require analyses.
Options require more than just a basic knowledge of the stock market.
Options restrict .
Options run from the basic text only without links to with graphic and external links.
Options run the gamut.
Options Screening for D blood type is done using hemagglutination.
Options See a popup list of miscellaneous options.
Options See lenses.
Options See the list of optional courses .
Options seem to be divided over the advisability of such actions.
Options Select a Symbol for a detailed quote.
Options Select the Indent records check box to make the file more readable in a word processor.
Options sell enough fizzy drinks in a year to fill a swimming pool.
Options Set advanced options for mail.
Options set on the command line take precedence over options specified in the options file.
Options show results.
Options shown are extra.
Options shown include wings, gates, transitions and fencing.
Options specify reach ranges according to three age groups.
Options specify the viewing parameters as well as giving some control over the calculation.
Options stand in for salary.
Options stating only a snippet of a legal rule is okay if the snippet addresses the central issue.
Options Study the best methods and models for transferring technology to all types of businesses.
Options subscribes to several periodicals and continually updates information on hand.
Options take string, numeric, or boolean val- ues.
Options take string, numeric, or boolean values.
Options taking list arguments accept either space or comma separators.
Options tell the command to execute in a particular way.
Options then works with the consumer to pay their bills.
Options There can be a single line of options after a .TS command that affects the entire table.
Options throw a couple of thais, habs or serranos to kick it up a little.
Options trade on mostly short term factors rather than long term macroeconomic trends.
Options Try bases of different colors before applying random noise.
Options typically are an act of desperation.
Options typically have a life span of three, six, or nine months.
Options typically precede other non-option arguments.
Options Use as keyword arguments when constructing the widget, or with the configuration methods.
Options Use conditions, read variables from external sources, search for files, and much more.
Options use different techniques.
Options use techniques.
Options Use to select search language.
Options vary according to individual owners.
Options vary according to the building and equipment needed.
Options vary according to the desired level of investment.
Options vary between subject areas, and each form has tips appropriate to the options available.
Options vary between the two commands.
Options vary by building.
Options vary by contract type.
Options vary depending upon the terminal.
Options vary from apartments to nursing homes to in-home care.
Options vary from apartments to traditional double and triple rooms in residence halls.
Options vary from bequest arrangements to pledges for annual gifts.
Options vary from buying new computers to installing different software.
Options vary from coffee breaks to formal and banquet-style meals and receptions.
Options vary from local closure to advancement flaps to interposition of vascularized flaps.
Options vary from location to location, and are developed on an individual basis.
Options vary from one cruise line to another in regard to weddings on board so check out the rules.
Options vary from provider to provider.
Options vary from state to state.
Options vary from year to year, and are subject to availability.
Options vary from year to year.
Options vary in their impact across levels.
Options vary with different commands.
Options vary with system selected.
Options vary with the database.
Options vary with the type of question.
Options VCR and monitor Options Neutrally buoyant cable.
Options wither the heart.
Options always appear on the bottom line.
Options often have to be held until a certain date or until the stock price reaches a target price.
Options usually carry a much higher profit margin than the standard house.
Options usually offer employees more flexibility as to when they purchase the stock.
All options always return true.
All option allows to gather all bags in the character's sight range.
All option helps users to search all the four databases together.
All option is context-sensitive.
All option is off.
All option is turned on, which helps in determining page layout.
All options are accessible from one tool palette.
All options are also available.
All options are available and can be customized for each broadcast job.
All options are available by double clicking on the appropriate icon.
All options are available from menus or dialog boxes.
All options are available in English or Spanish.
All options are available on all trophies.
All options are available to registered CD users.
All options are available.
All options are case-insensitive.
All options are Christian unless otherwise noted.
All options are customizable by game.
All options are easily accessible from the main window.
All options are easily selectable through the administrative interface.
All options are easily selectable with external dip switches.
All options are equally effective.
All options are exceptional value for a long term membership.
All options are extra, please phone Total North for prices.
All options are extra.
All options are factory defaulted to the off position.
All options are facultative.
All options are field upgradable without returning the unit to the factory.
All options are field-installable only.
All options are flexibly portable across nodes and platforms.
All options are fully programmable from force, travel, distance, speed, cycling and dwell times.
All options are game-based activities employing color graphics and animation.
All options are immediately available and accessible from the home page - no searching required.
All options are in one menu.
All options are in plain text, which makes using the phone extremely uncomplicated.
All options are independent of each other.
All options are inherently problematic.
All options are interesting and well worth seeing and hearing.
All options are obvious.
All options are of equal weight in the grading process.
All options are on each page.
All options are ONLY available via menu selections.
All options are open before the Palestinian people.
All options are open by audition to classical instrumentalists and vocalists.
All options are open including equity participation.
All options are open of course.
All options are open, and no one can humiliate the Palestinian people.
All options are open, of course.
All options are open, provided that full judicial supervision is effectively implemented.
All options are open.
All options are optional but they influence the results in a certain way.
All options are optional.
All options are out of the question.
All options are pending availability and are subject to change.
All options are per person based on final guarantee.
All options are possible.
All options are pre-defined in different procedures for different applications.
All options are preferences except the Server and Connection tab.
All options are preferences except the Server tab.
All options are quite simple and documented.
All options are selective with a deep level of granularity.
All options are still open.
All options are straight forward and readily available.
All options are subject to a three-year incremental vesting schedule.
All options are subject to additional set-up fees or extra charges.
All options are subject to availability.
All options are subject to space available.
All options are subject to time and date availability.
All options are supportable at rural densities.
All options are therefore open.
All options are usable and repeatable.
All options are user installable.
All options are, uh, optional .
All options are, well, optional, unless otherwise stated.
All options can be mixed.
All options can be upright or reclined.
All options can lead to a fourth year of honours for meritorious students.
All options carry a double indemnity clause for accidental death.
All options come with free software.
All options come with fruit or juice and white milk.
All options consist of a leading character - , followed by one character and optionally an argument.
All options erlating to mysql is defined as macros at the top of the config file.
All options expire ten years from the date of grant.
All options feature unlimited advice via phone, fax and email.
All options function within a cluster unless otherwise specified.
All options have a double indemnity clause for accidental death.
All options have a number of practica that are goal specific.
All options have advantages and disadvantages.
All options have corresponding long names, as listed below.
All options have default values, which are boldface in the following table.
All options have defaults and can be omitted.
All options have fast delivery.
All options have fifteen core units in common.
All options have monthly fees that are in addition to the basic voice mail charge.
All options have similar interfaces.
All options have the same network of providers.
All options have their advantages and disadvantages.
All options have to be considered.
All options have to be examined.
All options involved have the same expiration date.
All options lead to an AA degree.
All options listed require proof of age documentation.
All options means all options.
All options now appear on a floating palette, rather than in a dialog box.
All options offer a low risk investment with excellent returns.
All options offer an audio output for driving an amp and speaker.
All options permit cabins to remain for the lifetime of the owner of record.
All options pose significant risk to investors.
All options previously identified remain.
All options provide a strong preparation for graduate study.
All options provide comprehensive, sequential education.
All options provide exposure to the sciences and an appreciation of our physical surroundings.
All options provide preparation for graduate school.
All options provide thorough training for graduate school.
All options remain on the table and all options means all options.
All options remain on the table.
All options remain open.
All options require a culminating practicum or research experience.
All options require advance reservations and are subject to a cargo charge.
All options require advance reservations and are subject to a charge.
All options require basic courses in theory and research methods.
All options require performance or applied music.
All options require some computer-related class.
All options require students to have appointments.
All options require the following common core of courses.
All options seamlessly integrate with a new or existing website design.
All options seem desperate and hopeless.
All options seem statisfactory.
All options share the same curriculum in the first four semesters.
All options take a single argument.
Any option beginning with the letter X is an in-house developed process.
Any option plays just fine.
Any options are dealer-installed.
Any options listed with each packages is available with that package only.
Every option being considered has strengths, weaknesses, constraints, and costs.
Every option comes with instant advice and full help.
Every option has a cost added to the price of the home.
Every option has an expiration date.
Every option has emotional, social, spiritual and physical considerations.
Every Option is customisable.
Every option is explained, making documentation unnecessary.
Every option is fraught with political risk and even then carries only a slim chance of success.
Every option is included in the base price.
Every option is on the table.
Every option is used at least once.
Many options allow the customization of all actions to individual user needs.
Many options appear on the home page.
Many options are also available for awarding prizes.
Many options are also available.
Many options are availabe to customize sound and graphic.
Many options are available allowing the preservation of much of one's estate value.
Many options are available and can be customized to meet the needs of the customer.
Many options are available and can be customized.
Many options are available as listed below.
Many options are available as well as sound enclosures for the generator sets.
Many options are available at additional cost.
Many options are available based on the patient's preferred mode of communication.
Many options are available by following the navigational tools.
Many options are available by menus including many regionalized rule variations.
Many options are available during the inspection phase.
Many options are available each semester and over the summer.
Many options are available for automatic naming.
Many options are available for creating customized maps and reports.
Many options are available for creating unique and friendly user interfaces.
Many options are available for customization.
Many options are available for dining.
Many options are available for families who want to go to the beach.
Many options are available for improving a running system.
Many options are available for page sizes, layouts, fonts, colors, etc.
Many options are available for parents, and many programs can be found all around the country.
Many options are available for phones in offices around campus.
Many options are available for plot manipulation.
Many options are available for portable gas chromatographic instrumentation.
Many options are available for setting up networks.
Many options are available for sponsorship, entertaining, promotion, and advertising.
Many options are available for summer and academic year foreign language study and study abroad .
Many options are available for temperature measurement and control.
Many options are available for travelling within Chile.
Many options are available for users to customize the plots if desired.
Many options are available for working students to take classes either on or off campus.
Many options are available in both the shareware and full version.
Many options are available in both two or three bedroom models.
Many options are available in order to customize a plan to meet all needs.
Many options are available in the type of contribution that can be made.
Many options are available in the windows that follow.
Many options are available in varying degrees of complexity.
Many options are available including awnings, patio rooms, boat loaders etc.
Many options are available including ball size, player type, graphic detail, and sounds.
Many options are available on structuring our business.
Many options are available regarding home networks .
Many options are available ride passes, swimming, a water park, and catered food in shelters.
Many options are available to a programmer when attempting to optimize a code.
Many options are available to accommodate the seller's needs.
Many options are available to accurately determine the value of any given job.
Many options are available to best suit each individuals needs.
Many options are available to control reporting of differences.
Many options are available to help ease the discomfort.
Many options are available to help people through physical and emotional nicotine addiction.
Many options are available to local areas for dealing with regional problems.
Many options are available to monitor systems during simulation.
Many options are available to persons who have a positive test.
Many options are available to provide our customers with a truly customized, high quality shooter.
Many options are available to suit the pain relief needs of the individual.
Many options are available to the buyer.
Many options are available to the employer.
Many options are available to the juvenile justice system.
Many options are available to treat prostate cancer.
Many options are available to vacation-hunters who have a week or two to spare.
Many options are available under each general icon type.
Many options are available when developing training programs.
Many options are available when it comes to accommodations within the park.
Many options are available within the hydraulic engineering program.
Many options are available within the majors listed.
Many options are available, and an icon resides in the system tray for easy access.
Many options are available, and an icon resides in the system tray for easyaccess.
Many options are available, beginning with the choice of informal or formal measures.
Many options are available, from shelf design to drawer depths and configurations.
Many options are available, including a retractable skeg.
Many options are available, including commercial printing errors and omissions.
Many options are available, including extra scans, icons, graphics, sounds, and user forms.
Many options are available, including overlays, inlays and even scrimshawed ivory.
Many options are available, including the ability to include metatags or comments.
Many options are available, see the man page for more details.
Many options are available, such as whirlpool tubs and brass faucets.
Many options are available, which are dignified and respectful to the deceased.
Many options are available.
Many Options are available.
Many Options are Available.
Many options are avaliable.
Many options are customizable.
Many options are field upgradable.
Many options are now available utilizing web forms to help increase partner involvement.
Many options are open for all age groups, including children and babies.
Many options are possible for feeding wet pulp.
Many options are possible through a balanced selection of courses within the requirements listed.
Many options are there to make gambling fun.
Many options are unavailable when a worksheet is protected.
Many options ask for a reading or contig identifier.
Many options encourage collaborative work.
Many options exist and it is up to the instructor to decide how to measure a students success.
Many options exist as a wide range of costs.
Many options exist for advertising including the internet.
Many options exist for children to communicate using their bodies as expressive instruments.
Many options exist for companies just starting up or looking to relocate.
Many options exist for constructing an alternative transportation system for tourism.
Many options exist for most models.
Many options exist for on-site remediation of failing or polluting septic systems.
Many options exist for people with terminal illnesses when financial needs are critical.
Many options exist for the development of high performing teams.
Many options exist for the management of household hazardous waste.
Many options exist for the management of organic waste.
Many options exist for writing the program that utilizes a registered datasource.
Many options exist in transferring heat from the chip to the environment.
Many options exist including stay on top of other windows and ability to suspend archiving.
Many options exist to browse listings, including a recent additions link.
Many options exist to edit, display, and analyze data in netCDF format.
Many options exist to fit donor circumstances.
Many options exist to purchase green power.
Many options exist to suit different budgets.
Many options exist with composite resins.
Many options exist, and use of new technology is growing daily.
Many options exist.
Many options have a more restricted set of possible values than represented by the above syntax.
Many options including key assignments are available.
Many options make it possible to replay each lesson differently from a previous session.
Many options make the game approachable to anyone from beginners to advanced players.
Many options now exist to do stock trades on the net.
Many options offer privacy and tax savings while avoiding probate.
Many options require a C grade or better in particular courses or groups of courses.
Many options take arguments.
More options are available by entering a non-zero number after the other command line parameters.
More options are available if cremation is chosen.
More options are available on accepting the conditions of use .
More options are available to students now than has been the case in the past.
More options are available to the second-time bride.
More options are available when the requestor is willing to pay.
More options are available, too.
More options are available.
More options are better than fewer when it comes to dividing hundreds of millions of dollars.
More options are to be announced throughout the summer months.
More options can mean fewer poles to purchase and install.
More options enable shippers to do a better job of meeting their companies' business objectives.
More Options interface default is AND-oriented.
More options is better than fewer.
More options loosen the grip of feeling trapped.
More options mean it's easier to find the method that's right for every woman.
More Options Mean More Benefits.
More options mean more control for the visually aware, for working and displaying.
More options mean more opportunities, but they also can mean more risk.
More options means more play time.
More options means more thought no matter how nicely the options are implemented in the software.
More options provide more opportunities to maximize the value of energy services.
More Options provides the framework for a more complex search using Boolean operators between terms.
More Options provides three search boxes allowing several words in each.
Most options add additional cost.
Most options add cost.
Most options affect everyday life.
Most options affect life.
Most options also have a short option name.
Most options are also available from the graphical toolbar.
Most options are also scalable to accomodate slower computers or simply to speed up gameplay.
Most options are downloadable and only require a modem connection.
Most options are fairly self-explanatory.
Most options are managable from the configuration files.
Most options are quite clear.
Most options are self-explanatory.
Most options are single characters.
Most options are suitable for non sophisticated travelers who can live with basic comfort.
Most options are the same as for psxy.
Most options are unaviable .
Most options are unplugged for the demo.
Most options are worth learning.
Most options consist of a single letter, prefixed by a dash.
Most options depend on types.
Most options enable users.
Most options expire worthless.
Most options have advantage.
Most options have both pros and cons.
Most options have choices.
Most options have effects.
Most options have for their values simple integers.
Most options have issues.
Most options have more than one consequence.
Most options have upside.
Most options help business.
Most options interpret the optval buffer as a single int value.
Most options involve radiation therapy.
Most options involve therapy.
Most options lead to production.
Most options lead to sustainable production.
Most options open a sub-menu.
Most options provide tax incentives to the investor.
Most options relate to safety.
Most options require a student to take more courses than the regular program.
Most options require analyses.
Most options require four hour shifts.
Most options require one or two handlings before breeding.
Most options require the student to take more courses than in the regular program.
Most options start with a hyphen.
Most options traded have fewer than three months to maturity.
Most options use different techniques.
Most options use techniques.
Most options work just as well with proteins as with any other type of molecule.
Most options work with ssh as with slogin .
Some options accept lists as arguments.
Some options act like switches and require no parameters.
Some options allow a value, often a filename, to be given following the option.
Some options allows to adjust parameters.
Some options also have one or more single letter names.
Some options also involve a retirement program for the employer.
Some options alter perceptions.
Some options alter public perceptions.
Some options apply to all telephone lines in a given group.
Some options are a cold-frame, a garage, and enclosed porch, or a bulkhead.
Some options are available only in combination with other options.
Some options are available through our online ordering system .
Some options are available to complete courses either via the computer or television.
Some options are available to limit and refine the results.
Some options are available within each strand.
Some options are changeable.
Some options are cloth chinese slippers, leather sandals, or an old pair of ghillies.
Some options are Colombian venues in Barranquilla and Cali.
Some options are extra.
Some options are free, full service for a reasonable subscription price.
Some options are global to all modules, and some are specific to one module.
Some options are hard mount, wall mount, rack mount, kneeboard, desktop, and embedded.
Some options are hardware dependent.
Some options are hardware-dependent.
Some options are lasagna, garlic bread, and salads.
Some options are made from special ingredients like stainless steel.
Some options are more specialised.
Some options are no longer available.
Some options are numeric.
Some options are one-time fees, others are continuous monthly fees.
Some options are only available for students.
Some options are permanent or reusable anchors that can be attached to roof decks or steel beams.
Some options are quick-fix, others are longer range.
Some options are relevant only for particular matrix types and are thus ignored by others.
Some options are simple and immaterial.
Some options are simple flags.
Some options are small disposable plastic cups that come with some medicines.
Some options are to continue with mandatory updates.
Some options are to present workshops on interview skills, diet and nutrition, and life skills.
Some options are to take the bus or carpool.
Some options are useful for special purposes.
Some options are valid for most graphics output types, some valid for only one.
Some options can contain words.
Some options can provide a relatively constant supply regardless of water year type.
Some options conflicts with others.
Some options control the preprocessor and others the compiler itself.
Some options cost more than others, and some are more effective than others.
Some options eliminate doubt.
Some options enable users to receive a sound reward on completion of a task.
Some options exist for financing from private, nontraditional lenders.
Some options exist for pain.
Some options expire worthless.
Some options have a current theoretical value and yet .
Some options have a prerequisite course requirement.
Some options have a small fixed set of possible legitimate values.
Some options have characteristics.
Some options have default values, which are printed in the following section in boldface .
Some options have delicious flavor.
Some options have drawbacks.
Some options have environmental drawbacks.
Some options have equivalent directives that can be placed in the source file.
Some options have flavor.
Some options have no parameter.
Some options have outcomes.
Some options have prerequisites, while others have limited places.
Some options have security implications.
Some options have suboptions.
Some options have values with complex structure.
Some options inevitably go unnoticed.
Some options involve habitat manipulation.
Some options involve manipulation.
Some options involve trying stronger stimulation in order to overcome CC resistance.
Some options lead to reductions.
Some options lead to war.
Some options meet goals.
Some options offer cash bonuses and formal training.
Some options offer lower cost.
Some options offer lower recurrent cost.
Some options offer recurrent cost.
Some options only have a long variant.
Some options only make sense in combinations with others.
Some options provide job opportunity.
Some options provide opportunity.
Some options provide protection.
Some options provide tremendous job opportunity.
Some options provide tremendous opportunity.
Some options relate to care.
Some options require a minimum payment to open an account.
Some options require a value.
Some options require additional parts.
Some options require alot of packaging.
Some options require an argument which then requires an order to options and arguments.
Some options require an argument.
Some options require arguments.
Some options require employees to contribute to the cost of the benefit.
Some options require pushing the Control Stick Up and Down to change.
Some options require registration.
Some options require special acceptance procedures.
Some options require that other options be specified on the command line.
Some options work well in combination.
Optionable stocks are extremely volatile .
Optional abacus is used to do computations.
Optional absorbers remove vapors and condensates.
Optional accessories allow for stirring and data logging.
Optional accessories are a cash drawer, sales slip printer, bar code scanner and credit card reader.
Optional accessories are a GPS for moving position reports, and a laptop for entering messages.
Optional accessories are available as well.
Optional accessories are available at an additional cost to the standard greenhouse.
Optional accessories are available at an additional cost.
Optional accessories are available for practically any physical requirement.
Optional accessories are available for specific applications.
Optional accessories are available to perform compression bending, heating, cooling and other tests.
Optional accessories are available to suit everyone's taste.
Optional accessories are available.
Optional accessories are computer and an external keyboard.
Optional accessories are hooks welded to frame, useful as grip for lift and movement.
Many optional accessories are available, providing the means to build simple and complex work cells.
Many optional accessories are available.
Some optional accessories are very expensive.
Optional acknowledgement is available on the screen or by return E-mail.
Optional activation adjuncts.
Optional activities are also available including a round of golf.
Optional activities are also available.
Optional activities are at additional cost and are subject to availability.
Optional activities are available at the resort such as sunrise or sunset hot air ballooning.
Optional activities can include debating about the reliability and validity of the data.
Optional activities take place with the adult programme students.
Optional adapter allows for car charging.
Optional afternoon walk in one of the valleys.
Optional afternoon walk to Dragon Lake.
Optional air is available from most gateways.
Optional airfare is available to both countries.
Optional alarm makes note pop-up at preset time.
Optional amplifiers are available for more receivers and longer cable lengths.
Optional antennas can extend the range up to a mile.
Optional argument is the name of the program to use.
Optional argument is unspecified in the keyword argument sequence.
Optional arguments allow control of configuration and debug- ging.
Optional arguments are additional bookmark files to merge.
Optional arguments are always a Variant data type.
Optional arguments are db and host.
Optional arguments are either keywords or equations with keywords on the left.
Optional arguments are probably subject to future changes.
Optional arguments are what the command acts upon.
Optional arguments provide added functionality and power to each function.
Optional arguments start and end are interpreted as in slice notation.
Optional arm slits.
Optional attachments allow conversion for working ballast.
Optional attachments are available to efficiently clean any surface.
Optional attachments make the tiller a complete lawn and garden tool.
Optional attraction passes for the Las Vegas and Orlando areas are also available for purchase.
Optional attributes control the alignment and appearance of the rule.
Optional baffles allow set up for any type of special application.
Optional basements are available.
Optional beginning sewing book is available for purchase at first class.
Optional benefits require completion of a short questionnaire.
Optional boat ride.
Optional books are non-returnable.
Optional boom gallows is visible on the stern.
Optional borders depict the animals in jungle settings.
Optional breakfast is available.
Optional breakfast is extra.
Optional buffets are available on daytime cruises.
Optional bullets precede text.
Optional cab has heating and ventilation system.
Optional camel rides.
Optional cart includes storage space.
Optional cart is additional.
Optional case sealers for complete packing and sealing are also available.
Optional casters are available to mobilize all basic workstations.
Optional casters are available.
Optional casters make it easy to move several units at a time.
Optional certification is also available for insurance adjusters and examiners.
Optional certification is available for court reporters in other states.
Optional certification is available for plumbers.
Optional certification is available, however.
Optional certification is available.
Optional charity is encouraged.
Optional choice is to wrap the final product in individually wrapped nori seaweed to make a roll.
Optional classes are available following the three required classes.
Optional colors are also available.
Optional colors are available at a chargeback to individual departments.
Optional colors are available at no additional cost.
Optional colors are available.
Optional colours are available including two tone arrangements.
Optional comment Put something meaningful here.
Optional components add property prediction.
Optional components address the needs of citizens who have hearing and vision impairments.
Optional compression decreases size of backup and archive files.
Optional computer provides a record of the calls, day and time, as well as duration of call.
Optional configurations allow for additional lines as desired.
Optional configurations can easily provide anywhere from four to six bedrooms.
Optional configurations extend tracking to about eight feet or more.
Optional configurations provide high density, long range, or high speed capabilities.
Optional conveyors link multiple units for a turnkey assembly line.
Optional cookies allows daily viewing of chart without the re-entering of birthdays.
Optional cores are polystyrene and polyurethane.
Optional cores provide greater number of applications.
Optional courses are available to the student who has developed a specific area of interest.
Optional courses consist of single modules and run for only one semester.
Optional courses cover linguistic subjects, historical and cultural themes and literary studies.
Optional courses permit further specialization.
Optional courses provide instruction in soaring, parachuting, navigation, and basic flying.
Optional courses range from psycholinguistics to lexical semantics.
Optional courses See the list of courses .
Optional courses See the list of optional courses .
All optional courses are extra in cost over and above the tuition costs.
Some optional courses are in English.
Some optional courses permit candidates to select speclialized sub-options within a given course.
Optional cover helps to keep out dust, debris and light.
Optional cover prevents use of bolt cutters on padlock shank.
Optional coverage can insure against earthquakes, floods, building collapse, and glass breakage.
Optional coverage is also available for employee dependents.
Optional coverage is available at new construction optional prices.
Optional coverage is available for both the employee and members of the family.
Optional coverage is available to insure the liability for farm employees.
Optional coverage is extended to spouses and families at the employee's expense.
Optional coverage is immediately available.
Optional coverages are available for additional protection.
Optional coverages are available to any employee who has selected a health insurance plan.
Optional credit is available at no extra cost to the student.
Optional dates refer to a variant between stone and record.
Optional data includes days dry and percentage of fat.
Optional day hikes of up to three miles.
Optional day walks.
Optional decision Apply the rule.
Optional deductibles are available with discounts or a surcharge.
Optional details Select the relevant classifications.
Optional devices are soil respiration chamber and chlorophyll fluorescence sensor.
Optional dinner follows.
Optional dinner includes Turkish belly dancing.
Optional dinner is available as well.
Optional dinner is by pre-reservation only.
Optional dinner stop after all hikes unless otherwise indicated in description.
Optional donations welcome.
Optional doors can hide the computer from view.
Optional doors increase the cabinet depth.
Optional elements are in bold .
Optional elements are in regular typeface.
Optional elements Use square brackets to indicate optional elements in command syntax.
Optional elephant ride around the village available.
Optional email is available on non domain accounts.
Optional encryption Keep confidential files secure.
Optional end stop kit for motor drive schemes.
Optional engraving is available.
Optional equipment adds a moonroof and heated front seats.
Optional equipment adds weight and lowers payload capacities.
Optional equipment includes a camera, binoculars, pillow, and bathing suit.
Optional equipment includes a full line of front end loaders, canopies and cabs.
Optional equipment includes a light kit and backup alarm.
Optional equipment includes a sound card, speakers, a microphone, and a joystick.
Optional equipment includes digital back gauge or programmable digital back gauge.
Optional equipment includes external microphones, auxiliary lighting, and extension cords.
Optional equipment includes extra lenses, filters and a tripod.
Optional equipment includes heater, radio, and factory hardtop.
Optional equipment includes limit switches for arm positioning and pneumatic valves.
Optional equipment includes slip clutch PTO shaft.
Optional equipment includes swim fins, kickboards, hand paddles, and leg floats.
Optional equipment is also available for purchase or rental.
Optional equipment is also available for throat illumination and nasal examination.
Optional equipment is available at special request.
Optional equipment is available to satisfy a wide variety of operational and control requirements.
Optional equipment is available.
Optional equipment is necessary.
Optional equipment is possibly even more important to consider when determining solar requirements.
Optional equipment is provided based on customer requirements.
Optional equipment is shown in some photos.
Optional Events are available for the advanced players, as well.
All optional events are at student's expense.
Some optional events have special charges.
Optional excursions are also available during the students' free time.
Optional excursions are also available to the palace and gardens of Versailles.
Optional excursions are also available.
Optional excursions are available in all of the destinations.
Optional excursions are available locally.
Optional excursions are available to see more of the island.
Optional excursions are available.
Optional exercise Examine the cucumber mosaic virus-associated satellite RNA sequence.
Optional extension requires additional time and materials.
Optional extension turns the fixed length shovel into an extendable shovel.
Optional extensions are available for wider openings.
Optional extensions are available to Hawaii, Australia and Fiji.
Optional extensions are available.
Optional extensions are without limit.
Optional extensions expand the power of desktop geographic analysis.
Optional extras allow expandability.
Optional extras are also available such as breakfast, flowers, flooring and theme interiors.
Optional extras are available such as our gas attenuator available in two pressure ranges.
Optional extras are available such as out gas attenuator available in two pressure ranges.
Optional extras are plentiful too, though they do come at an extra cost.
Optional facilities investigate dataset availability before backups begin.
Optional factory installed gangers provide a positive connection between chairs.
Optional fans are usually quite inexpensive.
Optional feature allows new subscribers to select a charity to receive a tiny donation.
Optional features are alloy wheels, anti-lock brakes, and traction control.
Optional features are available, such as optical monitor, glow discharge and more.
Optional features are bill of materials, weight and balance calcualtions and lite model generation.
Optional features are everywhere.
Optional features are internal self-diagnosis and velocity measurement.
Optional features are regenerative braking, speed servo-ing and throttle lockout.
Optional features make it in some sense harder to maintain the software.
All optional features are available as field upgrade kits.
Some optional features require external programs.
Optional fee covers a tree, use of tools, wire and soil.
Optional fees are available once early registration begins.
Optional feed is from the bottom, up through the center radiator.
Optional feedback is provided as a series of indented lines.
Optional feeder is available on stall fronts.
Optional feeders are available for cards and inserts.
Optional fields are available for representatives of organizations.
Optional fields are dark red.
Optional fields are telephone, fax, type of call, and computer operating system information.
Optional fields have a blue background.
Optional files allow further rendering.
Optional filters are available for attachment to discharge.
Optional filters are available for pulp-free juice and ease of cleaning.
Optional Filters are available.
Optional finishes including carpet, suspended ceilings and sheetrock are available.
Optional fittings shown below are available to adapt filters to pumps to various hoses and flanges.
Optional flag is a prefix to use when printing the message.
Optional flags are one letter, follow a dash, and modify the way the command works.
Optional flashlight is available to improve visibility for faster installations.
Optional floor stands and wall brackets are available for the towers.
Optional floors keep pets dry and clean.
Optional foot is available to provide support if hoist is installed on a removable dock.
Optional Forms are also available in other electronic form formats .
Optional formats are available.
Optional frequency setting board is provided for convenience.
Optional functions are available.
Optional game rides on horseback in the late afternoon.
Optional garnishes Serve on a bed of lettuce either plain or decorated with fresh strawberries.
Optional gear includes arm pads, shoulder pads and rib pads.
Optional guides are also available, in print, braille or tape.
Optional guides are also available.
Most optional gymnasts design one routine on each event and stick with it most of the season.
Optional halo's around lights for nice atmospheric effects.
Optional hand holds give passengers something sturdy and easy to grab on to.
Optional hardware features, such as laser scanner, magnetic strip card reader are also available.
Optional hardware is available including micro latches.
Optional headsets are available.
Optional heaters are available.
Optional hikes are available for more daring hikers.
Optional hikes are available.
Optional hints come with each cryptogram.
Optional homework exercises.
Optional homework means having to make one fewer tough choice.
Optional hopper is available, as well as a stand on casters for portable use.
Optional hotel upgrade available on individual programs.
Optional housing is available.
Optional ice making trays are available.
Optional image erecting prisms are available for most telescopes.
Optional information includes a demographic and interest survey.
Optional information includes a personal rating and a description of the page.
Optional information includes gender, education level, date of birth, income and profession.
Optional information includes race, gender, and telephone number.
Optional information includes size, make, type, location, comments, and serial number.
Optional information is in Grey .
All optional information is identified as such.
Optional ingredients are just for flavor, and to get an extra meal out of the work.
Optional input is given to the module through environment variables.
Optional inserts are available for flow through cuvettes.
Optional inserts are available to carry a CPU, extra clothing, and office papers.
Optional insulation is available.
Optional insurance is available at additional cost.
Optional insurance is available on all orders.
Optional insurance is available on most items.
Optional insurance is available.
Optional insurance is extra.
Optional internships are also available to selected upper-division students in the program.
Optional internships are an attractive and practical part of the programme.
Optional internships offer professional experience.
Optional iris dimming is available when constant color temperature is required.
Optional items are a circulator for temperature control and software for computer usage.
Optional items are available at additional cost.
Optional items are gloves, sunglasses, hat, snacks, video and still camera gear.
Optional items are saddle bags and a pair of chaps or chinks.
Optional items become mandatory when certain conditions exist.
Optional items can be nuts, pieces of orange peel, dried apple or apricot.
Optional keyboard makes typing of longer messages easier.
Optional keypads are available for external access.
Optional kits are available for combination crop shields.
Optional kits are available to complement the written material.
Optional kits convert to flashlight or strobe.
Optional lab is available.
Optional languages complete the students linguistic knowledge.
Optional leather adds a touch of elegance.
Optional legs turn it into a handy grooming or tailgating table.
Optional lens enhancements extra.
Optional lenses are also available through some manufacturers and resellers.
Optional lessons range from beginners to advanced.
Optional lids are also available.
Optional lighting is available.
Optional limits are available.
Optional liturgies are available.
Optional llama show also available.
Optional location is the extreme lower portion of the rear window.
Optional lodging is available utilizing the second-story bedrooms.
Optional lunch follows.
Optional magnets attached are available at additional cost.
Optional manuals are available.
Optional mask can be a bit-wise OR of Context values .
Optional masks are available.
Optional mast mounting kit are available.
Optional materials are a shoe box, string, sparkle glue, a picture of the child and tissue paper.
Optional materials are available for students who have access to a computer.
Optional materials are available for the sealing gaskets, spinners, and housings or flanges.
Optional materials are stickers, a small paper plate, doily or felt and sparkles or sparkle glue.
Optional materials needed are heavy-duty clippers, bunsen burner, and tongs.
Optional materials vary by course and prices depend on the course.
Some optional materials are available.
Optional measures can range from photovoltaic array projects to car pools.
Optional memorials are in italics.
Optional memory is recommended to maintain automatic collation.
Optional messages can be print on monthly statements.
Optional messages print on statements.
Optional method requires more floorboard shaping.
Optional minors are available.
Optional modules add an automatic radar plotting aid and a video plotter.
Optional modules add uplink and management features.
Optional modules allow automatic invoicing and usage tracking of customers.
Optional modules are also available for the system.
Optional modules are available for process industries .
Optional modules are available for the complete range of machining requirements.
Optional modules are available to provide specialized capabilities as needed.
Optional modules are subject to availability each year.
Optional modules cover a variety of development management and development policy topics.
Optional modules develop marketing, finance, human resource management and foreign languages.
Optional modules develop marketing, human resource management and foreign languages.
Optional modules involve a research placement and teaching skills.
Optional night walk available.
Optional night walk for wildlife eyeshine.
Optional nylon carrying case is also available.
Optional pack can reduce noise even further.
Optional packages are also available at an additional cost.
Optional packages are available for purchase.
Optional packages are the new name for what used to be known as standard extensions .
Optional packages can reference existing or new APIs and other optional packages.
Optional panels are available to completely enclose racks, providing a cabinet-like appearance.
Optional panels are powder coated white epoxy polyester.
Optional panels display map legends and large-scale overview maps.
Optional parameters can modify the initialization defaults.
Optional parameters define a bounding area for the dragging.
Optional parameters field.
Optional parts are a caching DNS server, and web proxy caching.
Optional participation begins a year earlier.
Optional plans allow for an even larger kitchen and master suite.
Optional plans are available for part-time undergraduate and graduate students.
Optional plastic laminated tops are available for all cabinets.
Optional positioners feature cross-roller bearings for precise and smooth motion.
Optional pressure adds two bytes per sample.
Optional printer includes one roll of high quality thermal paper.
Optional programs are available to plot the sky in alternate coordinates.
Optional programs are open to any Memphis resident who meets the requirements.
Optional programs are subject to availability.
Optional programs emphasize environmental education.
Some optional programs require a fee.
Optional prologue commands The following commands are optional.
Optional protocols afford additional rights.
Optional protocols Includes text of the protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict.
Optional protractor slides on straight edge and locks to draw any angle.
Optional provisions address the more controversial issues in gas balancing.
Optional purchase is available with registration.
Optional questions are just that, optional.
Optional rack mounting kits are available.
Optional radio controlled triggering is a highly practical feature for the professional.
Optional ranges are available.
Optional reading follows.
Optional reading is listed under green headings.
Optional reading Set out below is some optional reading for the essay.
Optional readings appear in grey italics .
Optional readings are for further study.
Optional readings are in order of discussion.
Optional readings are on reserve in the library.
Optional readings are supplementary.
Optional rear sliding glass doors are available on any model.
Optional reception follows.
Optional reefs dot the landscape with their shark, friendly star fish, and turtles looking on.
Optional registration allows update notices of new releases.
Optional registration provides access to additional features.
Optional registration provides additional features.
Optional registration provides several additional search features.
Many optional reports are available after one has an understanding of the new language and symbols.
Optional requirement is the acceptance and evaluation of portfolio credits.
Optional requirements are suggestions for future development.
All optional rewrites are due one week after the papers are returned.
Optional role plays using the problem situations.
Optional rotation makes puzzles more difficult.
Optional rotations are also available at outside institutions to provide ECMO experience.
Optional rudder is available.
Optional rules abound.
Optional schools are tuition-free to city residents and accessible to all parts of the city.
Optional seasonings are dill and fresh parsnip.
Optional sections are available for larger and irregular areas.
Optional sections are available for larger or irregular areas.
Optional sensors can detect time in use, cargo bay access or temperature.
Optional sensors detect glass breakage, motion, tampering, and towing.
Optional service provisioning tools such as database management and billing are also available.
Optional services are additional costs.
Optional services are also available such as data services and PCS email.
Optional services are also available such as extended software subscription products.
Optional services are available at additional cost.
Optional services are available for an additional charge.
Optional services are available if needed.
Optional sessions are open to residents' spouses and partners.
Optional shelves allow for custom configuring.
Optional shift feel changes.
Optional sizes are also available - please inquire.
Optional sizes are available - please inquire.
Optional sizes are obtainable upon special order.
Optional skill includes having unrequited love for a married woman.
Optional software allows connection to a personal computer.
Optional software includes features such as incremental encoding and card duplication.
Optional software is available for downloading, if necessary.
Optional software offers additional flexibility.
Optional sounds indicate right and wrong answers.
Optional speaker mounting accessories consist of a backbox, and speaker support bridges.
Optional split covers enhance appearance.
Optional stands are available.
Optional sunroof is a little smaller than previous year.
Optional sunroof is again a little smaller than previous year.
Optional support is available at all stages of the process.
Optional support is available for robotic tape libraries and large silos.
Optional support is available for robotic tape libraries.
Optional support is available for several video framegrabbers.
Optional support is available for speakers, microphone, a serial port and remote power control.
Optional support is available through an ever present Spanish dictionary.
Optional table folds away inside raised portion of trailer lid.
Optional teacher leave day, no school.
Optional teachers guide that includes worked examples.
Optional temperature ranges available.
Optional templates are available for creating various question types.
Optional tents are available for a fee.
Optional testing is offered at the end of the course.
Optional text is green and in italics.
Optional texts are for additional reading on a particular subject.
Optional texts are just that, optional.
Optional therapy involves the use of eye-glasses overlaid with thin plastic prisms.
Optional tilt bail no.
Optional tools supporting Web access are also available.
Optional topics are also available upon request.
Optional tour are available upon request.
Optional tours are also available at the various ports.
Optional tours are also available.
Optional tours are available and attractions are within walking distance.
Optional tours are available.
Optional tours listed are generally free.
Optional towel rack.
Optional towers are available.
Optional towers are avilable.
Optional transmission pump rebuilding kits allow resurfacing of transmission pump components.
Optional transportation is also available.
Optional trays allow for grilling larger quantities.
Optional tutorials are available.
Optional unit is required.
Optional units enable students to select other areas for study related to their greatest interests.
Optional upgrades are available for additional online storage and ad-free hosting.
Optional upgrades are available for many Competition Series applications.
Optional upgrades are available.
Optional upholstery is offered on seat, back or both.
Optional upholstery is offered on seat, back, or both.
Optional valances add a custom finish.
Optional variations Compare different amplitude envelopes.
Optional vent valves for easy zeroing of gage are available at extra cost.
Optional verification ensures safe backups and archives.
Optional wall mounting cuff container is available.
Optional wheels help injured, seniors to roll buckets rather than lift.
Optional windows are removable for open-air flying in the summer.
Optional wood trim to be complete with stool and apron.
Optional workbooks are available for the workshop.
Optional worksheet can provide individual assessment.
Optional years are available to allow a candidate to develop an independent research program.
Optionally neon is introduced to produce more light.
Options contracts are limited to three-month periods of expiration.
Options counseling is also available for women who are pregnant.
Options counseling is available.
Options premiums have two components called intrinsic value and time value.
Options pricing Learn how options are priced in relation to the market.
Options traders are traders.
Options traders buy calls when they expect prices to rise and puts when they expect prices to fall.
Options traders can profit the most when their expectations differ from the market's.
Options Traders Find option traders information on-line.
Options traders place huge bets on the smallest of movements.
Options traders welcome.
Options trading can be very risky.
Options trading is a subject of considerable depth and breadth.
Options trading is extremely tricky for newcomers.
Options trading is highly speculative and very risky.
Options trading is just another vehicle people can use when attempting to make money.
Options trading is very complex.
Optiplex systems are available in minitower, desktop, or low-profile cases.
Optiquest company profile all products product est.
Optiquest display is designed to significantly improve image clarity.
Optoelectronic devices are electronic devices.
Optoelectronic devices are the key components in both image acquisition and display.
Optoelectronic devices have several applications.
Optoelectronic links are ubiquitous in many types of communications applications.
Optokinetic stimulation activates directionally-selective ganglion cells.
Optomechanical mouses get filthy.
Most optometric care is provided in a professional office atmosphere.
Optometric education requires a flexible, dynamic and evolving curricula.
Optometric participation is beneficial for the patient, the optometrist and the surgeon.
An optometrist is a specialist
Optometrists also diagnose and treat eye diseases.
Optometrists also prescribe glasses or contact lenses, or medications to treat eye diseases.
Optometrists also work with other health professionals in co-managing the care of patients.
Optometrists are America's primary eye care providers.
Optometrists are committed to offering excellent value and selection.
Optometrists are doctors of optometry who can examine patients and prescribe corrective lenses.
Optometrists are doctors of optometry.
Optometrists are experts at providing treatment with lenses for all levels of vision.
Optometrists are graduates from a specialty graduate program.
Optometrists are health professionals who treat patients for common eye health and vision problems.
Optometrists are health professionals with training in eye health and vision.
Optometrists are no longer just the doctors who prescribe glasses and contact lenses.
Optometrists are primarily impairment specialists.
Optometrists are primary health care providers who prescribe eyeglasses and contact lenses.
Optometrists are readily accessible to most of Missouri residents.
Optometrists are specialists.
Optometrists are state-licensed health care professionals.
Optometrists are the major providers of eye and vision care in the United States.
Optometrists are the major providers of vision care.
Optometrists attend four years of graduate study.
Optometrists attend four years of optometry school before starting practice.
Optometrists can also advise about antioxidant supplements specially formulated for the eyes.
Optometrists can practice in many different settings.
Optometrists can prescribe eyeglasses, contacts, and other optical wear, such as low-vision devices.
Optometrists can prescribe filters in glasses to reduce problems with glare.
Optometrists can prescribe medications to treat certain eye diseases.
Optometrists can readily solve the presbyopia problem with prescription glasses or contact lenses.
Optometrists can teach or do research at colleges and universities.
Optometrists carry professional liability insurance as do other health care professionals.
Optometrists check patients for common vision problems, like astigmatism.
Optometrists claim that their services are less expensive.
Optometrists complete fewer years of education and training.
Optometrists deal with eye problems that can be corrected with glasses or contact lenses.
Optometrists deal with vision.
Optometrists determine visual acuity and prescribe spectacles, contact lenses and eye exercises.
Optometrists determine visual acuity and prescribe spectacles, contact lenses, and eye exercises.
Optometrists diagnose and treat eye problems in children and adults.
Optometrists diagnose and treat vision problems and eye diseases.
Optometrists diagnose vision problems and diseases.
Optometrists do much more than prescribe corrective lenses and eyewear.
Optometrists evaluate visual status and prescribe special low vision devices.
Optometrists examine people's eyes to diagnose vision problems and eye disease.
Optometrists examine people's eyes to diagnose vision problems and eye diseases.
Optometrists examine people's eyes to diagnose vision problems.
Optometrists examine the eyes and other parts of the visual system.
Optometrists examine, diagnose, and treat diseases and disorders of the eyes and related structures.
Optometrists examine, diagnose, treat, and manage conditions that relate to the visual system.
Optometrists have the authority to prescribe corrective eyeglasses and contact lenses.
Optometrists Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Optometrists help many patients with challenging visual problems.
Optometrists help people see more clearly.
Optometrists practice in most of Missouri's counties and are readily accessible.
Optometrists prescribe eyeglasses and contact lenses, low vision aids, and vision therapy.
Optometrists prescribe eyeglasses, contact lenses, and vision therapy.
Optometrists prescribe eyeglasses, contact lenses, vision therapy, and low vision aids.
Optometrists prescribe eyeglasses, contact lenses, vision therapy, and low-vision aids.
Optometrists prescribe eyeglasses, contract lenses, and vision therapy.
Optometrists prescribe, podiatrists prescribe and so on and so forth.
Optometrists primarily prescribe eyeglasses and contact lenses.
Optometrists promote eye health and counsel patients on how general health can affect eyesight.
Optometrists provide routine eye exams, and special tests for eye diseases such as glaucoma.
Optometrists providing vision therapy services go one step further.
Optometrists refer patients needing surgery or treatment of eye disease to ophthalmologists.
Optometrists say the measure burdens patients by limiting postoperative care to medical doctors.
Optometrists spend four years in a school of optometry.
Optometrists still determine powers of vision and write contact lens and eyeglass prescriptions.
Optometrists teach, conduct research, and serve on health advisory committees of various kinds.
Optometrists tend towards therapy.
Optometrists treat vision problems and eye diseases.
Optometrists use computerized instruments to make diagnoses.
Optometrists use instruments and observation to test peoples' eye health and sight capabilities.
Optometrists work in exam rooms where they use tools to determine patients' prescriptions.
Optometrists work in offices that are clean, well lighted, and comfortable.
Optometrists often advise patients on whether the surgery is appropriate.
Optometrists often provide postoperative care to cataract and other eye surgery patients.
Optometrists often provide post-operative care to cataract and other eye surgery patients.
Optometrists often provide postoperative care to cataract patients.
Optometrists often work in close association with ophthalmologists.
Optometrists often work in cooperative practices with medical practitioners.
Optometrists often work past normal retirement age.
Optometrists usually prescribe corrective lenses in terms of the lens power in diopters.
All optometrists provide general eye and vision care.
All optometrists receive additional optometry officer pay.
Many optometrists are generalists and provide their patients with long-term vision care.
Many optometrists are skeptical of their effectiveness.
Many Optometrists start their own private practice.
Many optometrists suggest yearly or more frequent examinations for at-risk patients.
Many optometrists view computer-related vision problems as a form of repetitive stress injury.
Most optometrists are in general practice.
Most optometrists are in private practice.
Most Optometrists are self-employed and practice alone.
Most optometrists work in general practice.
Most optometrists work in their own offices either alone or in a group practice.
Some optometrists also do research, teach, or consult.
Some optometrists can perform minor surgery, such as refractive surgery.
Some optometrists carry out home visits.
Some optometrists cautiously acknowledge an increase in income from managed-care plans.
Some optometrists complete a residency.
Some optometrists develop special interests in a particular aspect of vision care.
Some optometrists specialize in one area, such as contact lenses or vision therapy.
Some optometrists specialize in screening for refractive surgery.
Some optometrists use syntonics.
Some optometrists work as salaried employees of other optometrists or of ophthalmologists.
An optometry is practice
Optometries are practice.
Optometry deals with the diagnosis of vision problems an their correction.
Optometry is a game worth playing.
Optometry is a health care profession that specializes in the maintenance of good vision.
Optometry is a holistic profession that involves much more than a pair of eyes.
Optometry is a primary health care profession that helps people who have visual problems.
Optometry is a primary health care profession.
Optometry is a professional discipline based on the optical and visual sciences.
Optometry is an art and a science.
Optometry is an excellent career for people of many backgrounds and personalities.
Optometry is available three days per month.
Optometry is available two days per month.
Optometry is called a legislated profession.
Optometry is just a few minutes walk away.
Optometry is one of the fastest growing health professions.
Optometry is one of the top income-earning professions in the country.
Optometry is rated as one of the top ten income-earning professions in the country.
Optometry is the nation's third largest independent health-care profession.
Most optometry graduates embark on the clinical practice of optometry after completing their course.
An opulence is wealth
Opulence is fun, plain and simple.
Opulence overflows even in sales model display.
Opulent accommodations combine with superb service to provide a holiday full of fun and variety.
Opulent finishes are easy to maintain.
An opus is music
Opus multithreading capabilities allow multiple jobs to be processed simultaneously.
Ors are films.
ORs come from a variety of backgrounds.
ORs frequently comment on the wealth of local support available to data users.
Most ORs have many standing or ad hoc committees.
Some ORs have strong statistical and computing skills.
Oracle applications are still fully functional.
Oracle database experience a plus.
Oracle database is used to store the user full data of applicants.
Oracle forms object names using a hierarchical approach.
An oracle is a diviner
Oracle DBMS on line documentation.
Oracle provide industry-leading capabilities.
Oracle switches redo logs when one fills up.
Oracle touts several modules as full-functioned software rather than subsets.
Oracles are fictional characters.
Oracles are prophecy.
Oracles are shrines.
Oracles database is the standard at large American business.
Oracular consultation insists on the importance of imagination.
Oracular divination rests on conclusions drawn on the basis of observation and interpretation.
Oral absorption is indeed the wave of the future.
Oral activities aim to develop skills in interpreting, organizing, and articulating ideas.
Oral activities focus on current events, cultural, historical and social issues.
Oral acyclovir decreases new lesion formation and improves symptoms in first episode genital herpes.
Oral acyclovir has limited effect on the resolution of recurrent herpes disease.
Oral acyclovir has some side effects, but it appears to be safe in the short term.
Oral acyclovir is the preffered therapy.
Oral administration allows different dose levels to be given according to patient needs.
Oral administration is always preferred to parenteral routes for the management of chronic pain.
Oral administration is convenient and inexpensive.
Oral administration is easy.
Oral administration is outmoded.
Oral administration is the best route of relief for severe pain.
Oral administration is the most common route of human exposure.
Oral administration is the most common route via capsule, tablet, or solution.
Oral administration is the most common.
ORAL administration is the preferred route.
Oral administration is the safest route for phytonadione.
Oral administration requires larger doses of the drug because absorption is incomplete.
Oral administration stimulates the mitotic activity of spermatogonia in mature rats.
Some oral administration has advantage.
Oral agreements are binding, but hard to prove.
Oral agreements are binding, but they are very difficult to prove.
Oral agreements are binding.
Oral agreements are difficult to prove.
Oral agreements are legally efficacious, even if vulnerable evidentially.
Oral agreements are very difficult to enforce.
Oral agreements can be very difficult to prove in the event of a dispute.
Oral agreements mean nothing.
Oral amoxicillin is an effective and inexpensive antibiotic if a non-resistant strain is involved.
Oral analgesia is desirable in children whenever possible.
Oral analgesics are the mainstay of pain relief at home.
Oral anatomy provides an insight into the ecology and resources used by different species.
Oral antibiotics appear to be equal to intravenous antibiotics for prophylaxis.
Oral antibiotics are ineffective.
Oral antibiotics are sometimes necessary.
Oral antibiotics are the primary treatment.
Oral antibiotics have an antibacterial effect as well as an anti-inflammatory effect.
Oral antibiotics tend to produce faster results than topical medications.
Oral antibiotics work the same way.
Most oral antibiotics work best if taken on an empty stomach .
Oral anticoagulants are also available.
Oral anticonvulsants prevent or minimize the number of future seizures.
Oral anticonvulsants prevent or minimize the number of seizures.
Oral antihistamines are only mildly effective.
Oral antihistamines can also be helpful in controlling itchiness.
Oral antihistamines can also relieve itching.
Oral antihistamines can minimize some of the uncomfortable itch associated with the rash.
Oral antihistamines can often relieve ocular symptoms as well.
Oral antihistamines help to control the itching and swelling as well.
Oral antihistamines help to stop the itch and also help to sedate a restless child.
Oral antihistamines remain the first-line pharmacologic treatments for childhood allergic rhinitis.
Oral appliances are comfortable, easy to wear and care for, and non-invasive.
Oral appliances enjoy a much higher acceptance, but they also have limitations.
Oral apraxia affects one ability to move the muscles of the mouth for non-speech purposes.
Oral argument is discretionary.
Oral argument is heard in Philadelphia.
Oral argument is held only at the direction of the court.
Oral argument is held the second full week of every month.
Oral argument is like jazz.
Oral argument is no substitute for a good brief.
Oral argument is recorded for exclusive use of the court.
Oral argument is required on all motions.
Oral argument is required on motions.
Oral argument is scheduled for the following dates.
Oral argument is the one opportunity for lawyers in a case to interact with the justices.
Oral argument required in all cases, unless attorneys agree and issues are clear and well-briefed.
Oral arguments are one target for reform.
Oral arguments are open to the public.
Oral arguments can still be pivotal because they can clarify key points, court observers say.
Oral arguments have yet to be scheduled.
All oral arguments are open to the public.
Oral arms are eight and tentacles are absent.
Oral assessments occur after every ten lessons and written assessments after every five lessons.
Oral assignments can be particularly painful.
Oral aversion seems to be the most lingering barrier to eating a normal diet.
Oral bacteria are highly specialised organisms.
Oral bacteria can cause dental plaque, gingivitis, periodontal disease, and halitosis.
Oral bacteria feed on sugar, producing plaque.
Many oral bacteria produce bacteriocins capable of lysing other organisms.
Most oral bacteria play roles.
Some oral bacteria enter bloodstreams.
Oral bacteria play roles.
Oral bloodroot appears to be relatively safe and nontoxic.
Oral breathing can only occur with significant anatomical abnormalities or pathological conditions.
Oral bronchodilators are available in liquid, tablet, or capsule form.
Oral buffers neutralize acids in the sauce, staving off tooth decay.
Oral cancer can metastasize to distant tissue and vital organs and can be fatal.
Oral cancer can spread to other parts of the body quickly.
Oral cancer can spread to the lymphatic system.
Oral cancer claims the life of one American every hour.
Oral cancer develops much more frequently in users of smokeless tobacco products than in non-users.
Oral cancer has one of the lowest survival rates of all cancers.
Oral cancer includes cancers of the mouth, tongue, tonsils and pharynx.
Oral cancer is a life-threatening disease that can be directly linked to the use of chewing tobacco.
Oral cancer is a serious disease of the mouth.
Oral cancer is a term that refers to cancer of the mouth, lip, tongue and pharynx.
Oral cancer is also a major concern among adults.
Oral cancer is cancer of the lining of the mouth, the tongue, or other structures around the mouth.
Oral cancer is carcinoma
Oral cancer is carcinoma.
Oral cancer is hard to cure because it spreads fast.
Oral cancer is the fourth most common cancer among African American men in the United States.
Oral cancer is the sixth most common cancer.
Oral cancer is treated with surgery, radiation, or both.
Oral cancer is uncommon, except among tobacco users and heavy drinkers of alcohol.
Oral cancer is unusual in that it carries a high risk of second primary tumors.
Oral cancer kills one in three who develop the disease but survivors can be severely disfigured.
Oral cancer occurs on the lip, tongue, or floor of the mouth.
Oral cancer occurs several times more frequently among snuff dippers than among non-tobacco users.
Oral cancer occurs twice as frequently in men as women.
Oral cancers account for significant mortality but their prevalence is relatively low.
Oral cancers are a huge problem in cats over ten years of age.
Oral cancers are about six times more common in drinkers than in nondrinkers.
Oral cancers are twice as common in men as in women.
Oral cancers can be deadly.
Oral cancers can grow outwardly like a tumor or inwardly like an ulcer.
Oral cancers can initially have the appearance of ulcers or other normal mouth problems.
Many oral cancers begin as changes in the mucous membrane, the lining of the mouth.
Many oral cancers begin as leukoplakia or mouth ulcers .
Most oral cancer occurs in people who use tobacco.
Most oral cancers are treatable if detected early.
Most oral cancers look very similar under a microscope and are called squamous-cell carcinoma .
Most oral cancers look very similar under a microscope and are called squamous-cell carcinoma.
Some oral cancers present white patches inside the mouth or white spots on the tongue.
Oral candidiasis is called thrush.
Oral candidiasis is generally asymptomatic.
Oral care is discussed in greater detail in the section on oral problems .
Oral care promotes health.
Oral care promotes oral health.
Most oral care promotes health.
Most oral care promotes oral health.
An oral cavity is a rima
Oral cavity opens into the oropharynx through the fauces .
Some oral cavities have duct glands.
Some oral cavities have glands.
Oral changes have no effect.
Oral characters tend to be vain, arrogant, and negativistic.
Oral chelation can provide it.
Oral chemotherapy remains a promising route for the treatment of lung cancer.
Oral cilia are absent and somatic ciliature is limited to the two pectinellae.
Oral cilia are conspicuous.
Oral citations apply specifically to a speech.
Oral classes deal with aural transcription, conversation and role-play.
Oral clefts are one of the most common birth defects in the United States.
Oral closure is released and air rushes in.
Oral colchicine does work, less rapidly than with gout.
Oral commitments are non-binding until players sign national letters of intent.
Oral commitments are non-binding.
Oral communication can also occur over the telephone.
Oral communication encounters in business and professional settings.
Oral communication engages the affective domain of the participants.
Oral communication includes public speaking and platform skills.
Oral communication includes speech, speechreading and the use of residual hearing.
Oral communication includes using spoken language to communicate ideas.
Oral communication involves both listening and speaking.
Oral communication is also an important skill of a lawyer.
Oral communication is also essential if one is to conduct good community relations.
Oral communication is also significantly richer than the written language because of delivery.
Oral communication is assessed through seminar recitations and teaching practica.
Oral communication is assessed through seminar recitations.
Oral communication is at the heart of the daily instruction.
Oral communication is clear and effective.
Oral communication is clear and valid . . . . . .
Oral communication is communication
Oral communication is emphasized and cultural differences are discussed.
Oral communication is emphasized through group dialogues and situational conversation activities.
Oral communication is emphasized.
Oral communication is important for biology majors.
Oral communication is investigated as the essence of the teaching-learning process.
Oral communication is just as important as written communication.
Oral communication is practiced in a brief in- class presentation of the term design projects.
Oral communication is quicker and more spontaneous.
Oral communication is stressed in recitation and laboratory sessions.
Oral communication is stressed.
Oral communication is the first step toward literacy.
Oral communication is to include experience in a telephone interview activity.
Oral communication is understood as a tool for conveying ideas accurately.
Oral communication is used in class discussions and presentations.
Oral communication is used in meetings and presentations with clients.
Oral communication is very different, because it can communicate passion.
Oral communication is very important in law enforcement.
Oral communication is virtually impossible among speakers of some Cantonese dialects.
Oral communication limits the pacing of the audience s exposure to information.
Oral communication provides better opportunities to gain attention.
Oral communication provides more opportunities for getting and keeping interest and attention.
Oral communication remains the prerogative of the departments and colleges.
Oral communication skills essential.
Oral communication skills to accurately explain production problems to technical staff.
Oral communication skills to conduct registration interviews.
Oral communication skills to explain policies.
Oral communication skills to obtain and convey information accurately and clearly.
Oral communication skills to obtain or convey clear and concise information.
Oral communication skills to relate complex information clearly, concisely, and professionally.
Oral communication skills to understand and convey information clearly and concisely.
Oral communications is different from written reports.
Any oral complaint is reduced to writing by the department.
Oral complications can affect cancer treatment as well.
Oral conditions are enforceable.
Oral confessions can be just as damaging as signed written ones.
Oral consent is perfectly valid.
All oral contact is also to be avoided.
Oral contamination can occur from inappropriate handling of the product.
Oral contraception is contraception
Oral contraception is one of the most effective methods of preventing pregnancy.
An oral contraceptive is a contraceptive
Oral contraceptives appear to be associated with an increased incidence of mental depression.
Oral contraceptives appear to decrease the risk.
Oral contraceptives are also an excellent choice.
Oral contraceptives are available at an additional premium.
Oral contraceptives are extremely efficient in preventing unwanted pregnancies.
Oral contraceptives are for sale during regular business hours.
Oral contraceptives are highly effective for pregnancy prevention.
Oral contraceptives are highly effective.
Oral contraceptives are less effective.
Oral contraceptives are of no value in the prevention or treatment of venereal disease.
Oral contraceptives are only available in clinics and pharmacies.
Oral contraceptives are only available under the mail order program.
Oral contraceptives are safe.
Oral contraceptives are subject to the prescription drug benefit as outlined above.
Oral contraceptives are the initial treatment for hirsutism caused by ovarian hyperandrogenism.
Oral contraceptives are the most common treatment.
Oral contraceptives are the only prescription available freely to anyone.
Oral contraceptives are useful by themselves and in conjunction with spironolactone.
Oral contraceptives are very effective in preventing pregnancy in a sexually active woman.
Oral contraceptives are very safe for young women.
Oral contraceptives can also increase the bioavailability and half-life of caffeine.
Oral contraceptives can also reduce ovarian cancer risk.
Oral contraceptives can be useful for women with heavy menstrual bleeding.
Oral contraceptives can help prevent endometriosis from spreading in women with mild cases.
Oral contraceptives can reduce endometrial cancer risk.
Oral contraceptives can speed up the metabolism of certain other drugs.
Oral contraceptives contain both a synthetic estrogen and a progesterone.
Oral contraceptives contain estrogen and regulate the menstrual cycle.
Oral contraceptives contain hormones that prevent the ovaries from releasing an egg.
Oral contraceptives contain two hormones, a progestin and an estrogen.
Oral contraceptives contain two synthetically produced female hormones, estrogen and progesterone.
Oral contraceptives continue to be one of the most effective reversible methods of birth control.
Oral contraceptives Decreases manganese in blood.
Oral contraceptives do cause depression and fatigue in some women.
Oral contraceptives elevate core temperature and heart rate during exercise in the heat.
Oral contraceptives eliminate breast pain for some women.
Oral contraceptives eliminate mittelschmerz, because they prevent ovulation.
Oral contraceptives enhance effect of Valium.
Oral contraceptives given in a specific regimen to temporarily stop ovulation and menstruation.
Oral contraceptives have a higher failure rate in women who take anti-epileptic drugs.
Oral contraceptives have little adverse effect on the liver in most women.
Oral contraceptives have three mechanisms of action.
Oral contraceptives help with prevention.
Oral contraceptives help women with acne by reducing the levels of androgens that are causative.
Oral contraceptives help women with menorrhagia by regulating and lessening the menstrual flow.
Oral contraceptives increase alcohol absorption.
Oral contraceptives increase vitamin A concentrations.
Oral contraceptives increases copper level in body.
Oral contraceptives prevent ovulation and therefore prevent the luteal phase from occurring.
Oral contraceptives prevent the ovaries from releasing an egg.
Oral contraceptives provide a continuous low level of hormone which relieves the pelvic pain.
Oral contraceptives provide no protection against lower tract RTIs.
Oral contraceptives raise blood pressure in some women.
Oral contraceptives suppress natural hormone production.
Oral contraceptives suppress the pituitary-produced hormones that stimulate the ovaries.
Oral contraceptives turn off ovulation and can therefore substantially relieve menstrual cramping.
Oral contraceptives use and breast cancer risk among African-American women.
Oral contraceptives work by preventing the ovaries from ovulating, or releasing eggs.
All oral contraceptives can cause weight gain.
All oral contraceptives have some side effects.
Many oral contraceptives are effective.
Some oral contraceptives are high in estrogen.
An oral contract is agreement
Oral contracts are agreement.
Oral contracts are difficult to prove and enforce.
Oral contracts are enforceable.
Oral contracts are legal.
Oral contracts are valid, just harder to prove if they are disputed.
Most oral contracts are enforceable, but written contracts are easier to prove.
Oral corticosteroids are occasionally necessary.
Oral corticosteroids are used to treat COPD when symptoms get rapidly worse.
Oral corticosteroids are very effective in rescue therapy.
Oral corticosteroids can cause hypertension.
Oral corticosteroids can have more side effects than inhaled corticosteroids.
Oral corticosteroids can have untoward side effects, especially in the elderly.
Oral corticosteroids improve the chance of recovery and decrease the overall duration of symptoms.
Oral corticosteroids produce effects.
Oral corticosteroids produce serious effects.
Oral corticosteroids produce serious side effects.
Oral corticosteroids produce side effects.
Most oral corticosteroids produce effects.
Most oral corticosteroids produce serious effects.
Most oral corticosteroids produce serious side effects.
Most oral corticosteroids produce side effects.
Oral cultures act and react at the same time.
Oral cultures tend to scaffold connectivity.
Many oral cultures wonder if the winds are moving our thoughts.
Oral declaration is necessary on arrival at customs.
Oral decongestants can also help clear a stuffy nose.
Oral decongestants can be helpful, but caution is advised when using nasal sprays.
Oral decongestants can cause an increase in blood pressure.
Oral decongestants can cause restlessness and irritability, as can asthma medicines.
Oral decongestants remain efficacious.
Oral decongestants shrink the nasal passages and reduce congestion.
Oral defense allows for clarity and individualized instruction.
Oral defense is required.
Oral defense takes about an hour for each candidate.
Oral defenses are limited to no more than two questions .
Oral defenses are open to the public.
Oral delivery is limited by the acidity of the stomach and digestive enzymes of the intestines.
Oral delivery is limited for large molecules because they are digested in the stomach.
Oral devices created by dentists help steady the chin for easier breathing at night.
Oral diazepam can reduce the risk of subsequent febrile seizures.
Oral directions are available, but are spoken with a computerized voice.
Oral discomfort leads to poor feed use, bitting problems, oral ulcers, abscesses and, colic.
Oral discussion can then follow.
Oral disease is one of the most common chronic health problems in Kentucky.
Oral disease is the most common diagnosis in all pets, in all age groups.
Oral disease is the most frequently diagnosed health problems for pets.
Oral disease is the number one diagnosed health problem in dogs and cats.
Oral disease keeps kids out of school and later, out of work.
Oral diseases are almost entirely preventable.
Oral diseases are among the most common health problems in our nation.
Oral diseases remain a serious public health problem for children.
Some oral diseases cause pain.
Oral doses are less well absorbed and undergo extensive first-pass metabolism in the liver.
Oral dosage relates to the sufficient elevation of blood levels.
Oral doxycycline is as good as parenteral ceftriaxone in patients without meningitis.
Oral drugs are usually the first type of medication prescribed for spasticity.
Oral drugs can dissolve gallstones, but they take a year or two to do it.
Oral dryness is another.
Oral emitters fly with their mouths open, and nasal emitters fly with their mouths closed.
Oral epics stem from the oral traditions of a particular culture.
Oral erythromycin is an acceptable alternative for patients allergic to penicillin.
Oral erythromycin is another option.
Oral evaluations are always stressful for the students.
Oral evidence imports a unique perspective on the past.
Oral evidence is also important.
Oral evidence is heard in public, like other parliamentary select committees.
Oral evidence is the main way of attempting to plug gaps in the written record.
An oral exam is a test
Oral exam is shown in the figure.
Oral exams can be similar to job interviews.
Oral exams follow successful completion of written exams.
Oral exams Give students a chance to speak their minds.
An oral examination is a test
Oral examination follows the written exams.
Oral examination is time consuming.
Oral examinations are at the discretion of the major advisor.
Oral examinations are frequent and written examinations rare.
Oral examinations are open to all regular members of the faculty as observers.
Oral examinations are open to the public.
Oral examinations are to be held at least two weeks prior to the date of graduation.
Oral examinations begin the weekend before final exam week.
Oral examinations take place about a month later.
Oral examinations take place in the various centres and are marked locally.
All oral examinations have a similar format.
All oral examinations take half an hour each.
Oral exchanges are more spontaneous and can sometimes be more revealing.
Oral exercises reinforce the material and build proficiency.
Oral expansion is typical in a rhetorical culture .
Oral exposure is likely if food or water are contaminated with mustard gas.
Oral expression develops late.
Oral expression is developed through language lab activities.
Oral expression is highly important.
Oral expression is stressed.
Oral facility is improved through discussion and simulation of various real-life situations.
Oral feedback is confidential to the member of staff, and is always given privately.
Oral form is contraindicated in patients with clinically overt osteomalacia.
Oral form is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to etidronate.
Oral forms are safe to use in pregnant and lactating pets.
Oral gavage is performed using a ball ended feeding needle.
Oral grooves leading to cytostomes are lined with hair-like cilia to sweep in food particles.
Oral health can be a matter of life or death for diabetics, hemophiliacs, and others.
Oral health does improve the quality of a person's life.
Oral health faces the same challenges in rural areas as other kinds of health care services.
Oral health involves the school nurse, who accesses dental health services from the community.
Oral health is a barometer for general health problems in the elderly.
Oral health is a vital component of a child's overall health.
Oral health is also an important component of health lifestyles.
Oral health is also an important component of healthy lifestyles.
Oral health is an area of health care that has often been overlooked or trivialized.
Oral health is an integral part of general health.
Oral health is critically important.
Oral health is essential to total health and well being throughout life.
Oral health is important in the development of chewing and speaking skills.
Oral health is integral to general health.
Oral health is linked to the fluoride content of tea.
Oral health is more than clean, white teeth, filled cavities and healthy gums.
Oral health is necessary for overall health and well being.
Oral health is the single largest health issue affecting our young people.
Oral health is truly a subset of general health.
Oral health means being free of disease.
Oral health means more than healthy teeth and the absence of disease.
Oral health means more than sound teeth.
Oral hearing follow up work.
Oral hearings are extremely rare.
Oral hearings are on Fridays .
Oral hearings are open to the public unless the commission orders otherwise.
Oral herpes causes painful, clustered blisters inside the mouth or on a person's lip.
Oral herpes is marked by cold sores on the mouth.
Oral herpes is more likely to be spread by indirect contact than is genital herpes.
Oral herpes is what causes cold sores and fever blisters.
Oral histology is the microscopic study of tissues and structures of the oral cavity.
Oral historians collect information and observations from interviews.
Oral historians contribute significantly to our understanding of the past.
Oral historians enter more into the process than just doing interviews.
Oral histories are a fuunny thing.
Oral histories are as old as human beings.
Oral histories are first-person narratives that add new voices to the historical record.
Oral histories are only as accurate as human memory and individual perspective.
Oral histories are subject to the same rigorous standards as other research methodologies.
Oral histories are TOLD events.
Oral histories are wonderful tools for recording local history and documenting lesbian lives.
Oral histories bring forth another dimension of reality.
Oral histories can also serve as an important source of historic context information.
Oral histories can be an important history-gathering activity and can give depth to the program.
Oral histories can be particularly important in determining clues to the family's origins.
Oral histories capture the times and events through the eyes of the participants.
Oral histories change and mutate through each retelling.
Oral histories constitute the fourth source of information.
Oral histories document major television advertising campaigns.
Oral histories offer a whole new realm of evidence that supplements archaeology and other sciences.
Oral histories say men slit the throats of cattle to drink the blood.
Oral history brings a new dimension to local and family history.
Oral history brings up the issue of sources for women's history.
Oral history can be a project in itself or a means of gathering information for another activity.
Oral history can be indispensable for information for describing events and lives.
Oral history differs from a formal interview.
Oral history has it that a boat came to pick up the airmen.
Oral history holds a person's attention better than reading a regular book or hearing a lecture.
Oral history invokes thoughts of the time period, place, and situation to which they refer.
Oral history is a feature.
Oral history is a method of preserving the past that has been going on for centuries.
Oral history is a powerful tool.
Oral history is a real-world means for researching the past and present.
Oral history is a subjective recollection of the past.
Oral history is a valuable addition to historical research.
Oral history is a vital component of local history research.
Oral history is a way to gather information from people who took part in past events.
Oral history is an important part of African-American culture.
Oral history is an important part of any family.
Oral history is an important source for many radio and television programmes.
Oral history is important in our culture, rather than written.
Oral history is inherently hearsay and therefore inadmissible.
Oral history is more than just one person with a tape recorder talking to another person.
Oral history is now a recognised form of history.
Oral history is one more valuable method of research.
Oral history is one of the most interesting ways to learn about the past.
Oral history is one way for studying Iran.
Oral history is particularly important for the Japanese American community.
Oral history is rewarding beyond measure.
Oral history is rich, with knowledge of the native plants and animals.
Oral history is still new.
Oral history is the basis of the people's history.
Oral history is the recording of people's memories.
Oral history is the spoken reminiscences of a person with recollections and stories of past events.
Oral history is then both fascinating and challenging.
Oral history is there to be recorded.
Oral history is voluntary .
Oral history makes reference to frozen lakes and wearing furs.
Oral history opens new doors and provides new information and perspectives.
Oral history preserves everyone's past for the future.
Oral history provides students with an important tool to make such connections.
Oral history records people's experiences on sound and video tape.
Oral history suggests the cabin was designed as a country store.
All oral histories have full written transcripts.
Some oral history is suggestive of the shared roots.
Oral hygiene becomes more important for children who drink a lot of juices and eat more sweet items.
Oral hygiene consists of both personal and professional care.
Oral hygiene is an integral part of overall health.
Oral hygiene is as important to a pet's health as it is to a person's health.
Oral hygiene is dangerously revolutionary.
Oral hygiene is fair.
Oral hygiene is important.
Oral hygiene is necessary for all persons to maintain the health of their teeth and mouth.
Oral hygiene is of the utmost importance.
Oral hygiene is one of the most overlooked aspects of pet health care.
Oral hygiene is part of personal care and support for the activities of daily living.
Oral hygiene is particularly important for any child with bad breath.
Oral hygiene is particularly important in the elderly.
Oral hygiene is the primary prevention against dental caries.
Oral hygiene seems to be the key for long term success.
Oral hyperpigmentation can arise from a multitude of exogenous and endogenous causes.
Oral infections known as thrush is relatively common.
Oral infections tend to be more severe in diabetic patients than non-diabetic patients.
Oral information can often be very partial and out of date.
Oral ingestion can cause a toxic reaction.
Oral ingestion is believed to be a significant route of transmission.
Some oral ingestion causes gastrointestinal irritation.
Some oral ingestion causes irritation.
Oral injury includes trauma to the soft tissues of the throat and mouth, jaw bones and teeth.
Oral instruction precedes all written lessons.
Oral instructions are open to wide interpretation for a variety of reasons.
Oral insulin is also likely to improve compliance.
Oral interpretation focuses on literature in performance.
Oral interpreters help students understand by silently repeating the teacher's words.
Oral interpreters use clear articulation, facial expression and natural gestures.
Oral interviews are a special art form.
Oral interviews are, of course, invaluable for an administrative history.
Oral interviews teach students the basic historical method of inquiry.
Oral intubation is easier than nasal for infants and young children.
Oral intubation is preferred in large children and is the method of choice.
Oral intubation uses direct visualization of the trachea.
Oral involvement is seen in approximately one half of patients.
Oral involvement is uncommon.
Oral irrigation is more effective and gentler than flossing.
Oral irrigation is probably the only way to clean bacteria and toxins from the gingival crevice.
Oral language develops when children share ideas and communicate with each other during their play.
Oral language includes speaking and listening.
Oral language is a much more global language than that of the universities or church declarations.
Oral language is our birdsong.
Oral language is the foundation for all elements of the framework.
Oral language is the foundation of reading and writing.
Oral language is the foundation on which all communication is based.
Oral language is the foundation on which reading is built.
Oral language is the greatest strength a child brings to literacy learning.
Oral language is the second broad category comprising language-based learning skills.
Oral language is vital to becoming a reader.
Oral language sings out loudly the meaning of the mind at a given time.
Oral language supports for early literacy development.
Oral languages consist of sounds joined together in ways specified by grammar rules.
Oral law is spoken, as opposed to statutory law, which is written down.
Oral laxatives are medicines taken by mouth to encourage bowel movements to relieve constipation.
Oral learners represent a vast mission population in our state.
Oral leases are as binding as written leases, however, written leases are preferred.
Oral leases are as valid as written leases.
Oral leases are subject to misunder- standings and are more difficult to enforce.
Oral lesions appear before the lesions on the hands and feet.
Oral lesions arise over time where the tobacco is held between the cheek and gum.
Oral lesions cause significant discomfort and other problems, yet most are readily treated.
Oral lesions develop in almost all patients and can occur on any of the oral mucous membranes.
Oral lesions occur due to falls, injury with forks, or due to mastication.
Most oral lesions are asymptomatic.
Oral literature is part of the secondary and university syllabus.
Oral literature is strong for it is a living art, echoing everyday life.
Oral literatures are also important resources.
Oral magnesium therapy improves functions.
Oral magnesium is known as a muscle relaxant.
Oral medication can be useful when acne affects the skin on multiple areas of the body.
Oral medication is administered in the nurse's office.
Oral medication is also the effective way to treat contagious ringworm of the scalp.
Oral medication is continued and participants make monthly visits to the study nurse.
Oral medication is medicine.
Oral medication is the preferred route of administration.
Oral medications are also available.
Oral medications are as outlined above, the first line drugs for mild inflammation.
Oral medications are difficult to administer to a specific individual unless in a captive situation.
Oral medications are for take home use until the patient can have a prescription filled.
Oral medications are helpful for some.
Oral medications are less expensive than intravenous medications and have fewer hidden costs.
Oral medications are now available that can provide relief for many people with genital herpes.
Oral medications can treat the symptoms for several years but eventually lose their effectiveness.
Oral medications come in tablet, capsule and liquid forms.
Oral medications come in tablet, capsule, and liquid forms.
Oral medications have a long history in spasticity management.
Oral medications require less nursing and pharmacy preparation and administration time.
Oral medications tend to work better for nail fungus but are costly and require a prescription.
Some oral medications can cause problems in the elderly.
Some oral medications do have an effect in decreasing the enzymes that metabolize alcohol.
Some oral medications offer help, but with significant risks.
Oral medicine is a brand new dental specialty.
Oral medicine is used instead of a insulin injection.
Oral medicines are easy to take and usually cost less than other kinds of medicine.
Oral medicines can irritate the stomach and make vomiting worse.
Oral medicines come in pill, capsule, and liquid forms.
Oral minoxidil is an antihypertensive agent.
Oral morphine is very effective when the doses are taken appropriately.
Oral morphogenesis begins before the cell becomes commited to cell division.
Oral morphogenesis begins before the cells are committed to division.
Oral mucosa is a much more forgiving tissue than skin when it comes to wound healing.
Oral naloxone antagonizes loperamide-induced delay of orocecal transit.
Oral naloxone reverses opioid-associated constipation.
Oral narrative dates back to ancient Greece and was an important part of Medieval Europe life.
Oral niacin prevents photocarcinogenesis and photoimmunosuppression in mice.
Oral nifedipine helps end the spasm.
Oral notice is effective when communicated if communicated in a comprehensible manner.
Oral notice is effective when communicated.
All oral notices stay in the department.
All oral papers are eligible for publication in the symposium proceedings.
Oral participation is a necessary part of the course.
Oral participation is as important as written work.
Oral participation is crucial to successful language learning.
Oral participation is essential in leadership development.
Oral participation is important.
Oral participation is required.
Oral participation is vital for learning to speak Spanish.
Oral participation is welcome, important, necesary to the learning process.
Oral Pathologist Researches the causes, development and effects of oral diseases.
Oral pathologists provide counseling and guidance to other specialists and general practitioners.
Oral pathologists study and research the causes and processional effects of diseases of the mouth.
Oral pathologists study and research the causes, processes and effects of diseases of the mouth.
Oral pathologists treat diseases of the mouth.
Oral pathology is the study of the disease of the soft and calcified structures of the oral region.
Oral penicillin given for ten days is equally effective.
Oral people consider thongs to have great power.
Oral phentolamine is a very potent relaxer of vascular smooth muscle.
Oral pills owe their popularity to their high effectiveness and convenience of use.
Oral pleadings are to be graded as indicated in the following form.
Oral practice encourages active communication in Spanish.
Oral practice includes role playing and narrating events in the past, present, and future.
Oral practice is based in part on dramatic readings in class.
Oral practice is emphasized.
Oral practice is included in all language courses.
Much oral practice is possible with the language laboratory facilities.
Oral prednisone can cause stomach upset, water retention, weight gain, and high blood pressure .
Oral prednisone is used in a carefully designed program.
Oral preparations are subject to the hepatic first-pass metabolism effect.
Oral preparations have the advantage of being cheap, convenient, with a range of different types.
Oral preparations have the slowest onset of action.
Oral preparations have toxic effects on the liver.
Oral presentation are for the purpose of sharing information with other participants.
Oral presentation can be the same as or different from the composition.
Oral presentation includes some information on the learning experiences and team communication.
Oral presentation is a speech
Oral presentation is an art, a skill that everyone can master.
Oral presentation is another skill that can only improve with practice.
Oral presentation is clear to the audience and includes a visual aid and all of the above.
Oral presentation is clear to the audience and includes all of the above.
Oral presentation is done in a professional and organized manner.
Oral presentation is due when scheduled.
Oral presentation is fluent and sequential and asks for questions.
Oral presentation is fundamental to the communication of the gospel.
Oral presentation is given a high priority.
Oral presentation is important in the communication of the gospel.
Oral presentation is required for departmental honors.
Oral presentation is required.
Oral presentation provides opportunity.
Oral presentation provides valuable opportunity.
Oral presentation shows evidence of group collaboration.
Oral presentation shows little evidence of group members' collaboration and contributions.
Oral presentations apply concepts learned in communications classes.
Oral presentations are a nightmare for many students.
Oral presentations are a regular part of the upper division accounting courses.
Oral presentations are a regular part of the upper division marketing courses.
Oral presentations are also common in biology courses at all levels.
Oral presentations are also likely.
Oral presentations are generally less satisfactory.
Oral presentations are more suitable for completed research.
Oral presentations are part of the one-paragraph response papers.
Oral presentations are part of third grade skills.
Oral presentations are peer-reviewed as well as graded by the instructor.
Oral presentations are prepared and delivered in class by the students.
Oral presentations are scholarly .
Oral presentations are still generally less satisfactory.
Oral presentations are strongly preferred as there is limited space for poster presentations.
Oral presentations are to be given on the assigned date.
Oral presentations are to be in one of the Symposium languages.
Oral presentations are welcome.
Oral presentations begin.
Oral presentations can be an effective technique in streamlining the acquisition process.
Oral presentations can use either an overhead projector or a dataprojector with VGA port.
Oral presentations consists of a keynote lectures, special lectures and ordinary lectures.
Oral presentations cont'd.
Oral presentations continue.
Oral presentations count for a percentage of the grade, according to the teacher.
Oral presentations occur during the last week of classes.
Oral presentations play a limited, but worthwhile, part in second-year assessment.
Oral presentations play a small, but appreciated, role in the second year.
Oral presentations provide opportunities for greater elaboration and for subject questioning.
Oral presentations require that students be dressed in proper business attire.
Oral presentations require the students to be especially clear on their audience and purpose.
Oral presentations seem to lack structure and coherence.
Most oral presentation provides opportunity.
Most oral presentation provides valuable opportunity.
Oral problems are the most common health problems that children and adults suffer.
Oral production is difficult for psychological, social and linguistic reasons.
Oral production is limited to occasional isolated words.
Oral production is limited to several isolated words or expressions.
Oral proficiency is acquired through both guided and free discussion.
Oral proficiency is an important component of the course.
Oral proficiency is an important objective.
Oral proficiency is assessed regularly.
Oral proficiency is both a major goal and a professional expectation of Spanish majors and minors.
Oral proficiency is emphasized and assessed regularly.
Oral proficiency is emphasized and tested regularly.
Oral proficiency is emphasized in the continuing development of the four skills of language.
Oral proficiency is emphasized.
Oral proficiency is improved by the systematic study of the sound system and lexicon.
Oral proficiency is required.
Oral proficiency is tested regularly.
Oral proficiency is to be acquired through both guided and free discussion.
Oral proficiency needs to be verified prior to student teaching.
Many oral programs are private schools, however there are some public oral programs.
Oral promises are difficult to prove.
Oral promises are very difficult to prove.
Oral promises are virtually never admissable in court, so there's very little recourse.
Oral promises are worthless and unenforceable.
Oral promises are worthless.
Oral Promises Be sure everything the salesperson promised orally is written into the contract.
Oral promises lead to hours of employment litigation every year.
Oral questions can tell a great deal about how much a student is learning.
Oral quizzes are a good use of chat.
Oral quotations are the preferred method for services and supplies.
Oral quotations are valid only to the end of the business day upon which they are given.
Oral radiologists examine x-rays and provide detailed diagnoses to dentist and patients.
Oral radiologists make and interpret radiographs of the head and neck area.
Oral Rate Disclosures Certain rules apply only to creditors.
Oral reading allows the students practice in reading fluency and pronunciation.
Oral reading demonstrates understanding of punctuation.
Oral reading helps many students to hear correct pronunciation.
Oral reading improves pronunciation, enunciation and intonation.
Oral reading is also poor, but auditory comprehension is good.
Oral reading is encouraged over silent reading.
Most oral religions are one and the same as the government of the tribe.
Oral remarks are limited to two minutes.
Oral report is to class and to business owners.
Oral reports allow for fast and extensive feedback.
Oral reports are also vital.
Oral reports are due on the scheduled days.
Oral reports begin.
Oral reports continue in class.
Oral reports continue.
Oral reports start in class.
All oral reports are due on the day for which they are assigned.
Oral representations are hard to prove in face of written agreements.
Oral resignations can be valid and enforceable.
Oral rinses containing chlorhexidine are helpful.
Oral satisfaction is as easy as turning on the removable multi-speed battery pack.
Oral sedation is very safe.
Oral sessions emphasize the teaching process and are very efficient.
Oral sex being bad in a marriage is a matter of opinion.
Oral sex belongs in the closet.
Oral sex can also result in transmission.
Oral sex can also spread diseases like gonorrhea, chlamydia, herpes, and genital warts.
Oral sex can also transmit STDs.
Oral sex can be a slow, pleasurable feast.
Oral sex can be an acquired taste, but reciprocity is only fair.
Oral sex can be much more focused and precise than intercourse.
Oral sex can be the most exciting sexual experience.
Oral sex can spread the virus.
Oral sex can transmit some STDs, such as herpes or gonorrhoea.
Oral sex can transmit the virus but at a much lower rate compared with other sexual acts.
Oral sex does indeed carry a risk of disease transmission.
Oral sex fails.
Oral sex feels different depending on how it's delivered.
Oral sex involves the contact between the mouth of one person and the genitals of another person.
Oral sex involves very intimate areas, in the most intimate ways.
Oral sex is a common sexual practice among heterosexual, gay, and lesbian partners.
Oral sex is a good example.
Oral sex is a great way to firm the lower face.
Oral sex is a great way to give and receive pleasure.
Oral sex is a great way to stimulate a partner, both male and female.
Oral sex is a growing trend among many of today's young people.
Oral sex is a low risk encounter, but recent studies have shown that it does carry some risk.
Oral sex is a matter of taste.
Oral sex is a mouthful for any news anchor.
Oral sex is a perverted act.
Oral sex is an excellent way to perform foreplay or arouse a partner to orgasm.
Oral sex is an extremely common form of sexual activity among both gay and straight folks.
Oral sex is an intimate sexual act, so tune in.
Oral sex is apparently the in thing right now.
Oral sex is best when reading a magazine.
Oral sex is called fellatio when performed on the male and cunnilingus when performed on the female.
Oral sex is considered a crime against nature.
Oral sex is considered a lower risk activity.
Oral sex is considered a low-risk activity.
Oral sex is considered to be a low risk activity.
Oral sex is considered to be sodomy.
Oral sex is definitely on there, but it's below unprotected anal sex and needle sharing.
Oral sex is dirty only in the sense that the mouth is a very dirty orifice.
Oral sex is everywhere.
Oral sex is exciting, however.
Oral sex is extremely painful for a man.
Oral sex is good for everybody .
Oral sex is great.
Oral sex is illegal unless it is used as a form of foreplay.
Oral sex is illegal.
Oral sex is implied here.
Oral sex is implied, and oral sex is performed on a cane.
Oral sex is implied.
Oral sex is just a part of making out.
Oral sex is just as important as intercourse.
Oral sex is legal.
Oral sex is less risky, but it is possible to become infected orally.
Oral sex is more common on the streets of Miami in the daylight hours than anywhere else in America.
Oral sex is much more precise and can be much more vigorous than intercourse.
Oral sex is now OK as everyone is doing it, there is to be no judicial hearing for oral sex.
Oral sex is one of the lower risks.
Oral sex is one of the most common ways of sexual expression.
Oral sex is out.
Oral sex is performed on the young woman.
Oral sex is perversion.
Oral sex is probably safe prior to climax.
Oral sex is probably the most common, under-reported cause.
Oral sex is safe sex.
Oral sex is safer than penile-vaginal sex.
Oral sex is safer than unprotected vaginal or anal sex.
Oral sex is safer without ejaculation.
Oral sex is said to have a low risk factor but the risk is there.
Oral sex is sex play that involves using the mouth to stimulate a partner's genitals .
Oral sex is sex.
Oral sex is sexual activities.
Oral sex is sexual perversion
Oral sex is shown being given by both a boy and a girl.
Oral sex is similar, but more dangerous than petting to climax, because bodily fluids are exchanged.
Oral sex is slimey.
Oral sex is the answer, or at least that's what many teens seem to think.
Oral sex is the eye of a hurricane of controversy.
Oral sex is the stimulation of a man's or woman's genitals with the mouth or tongue.
Oral sex is the term given to genital stimulation by the mouth .
Oral sex is the term given to genital stimulation by the mouth.
Oral sex is when a person's mouth touches another person's penis, vagina, or anus.
Oral sex is when people use their mouths to make someone else's penis or vulva feel good.
Oral sex is where one partner uses their tongue or mouth to stimulate their partner s genitals.
Oral sex is.
Oral sex poses a risk just as sexual intercourse does.
Oral sex puts women to sleep.
Oral sex seems to cause some slight risk of transmission of the virus.
Oral sharing follows.
Oral signs consist of diffuse pigmentation of the gingiva, tongue, hard palate, and buccal mucosa.
Oral skills are important, especially the ability to speak in public and tell stories.
Oral skills continue to be developed in the tutorials.
Oral skills precede reading and writing, with limited focus on grammar.
Oral skills remain the focus.
Some oral solutions contain electrolytes.
Oral speech comes with all sorts of non-verbal cues that help convey meaning.
Oral speech is also quite contingent.
Oral speech is dialogic.
Oral speech is different from writing.
Oral speech is more nuanced because of intonation.
Oral speech offers children great excitement to practice their knowledge with live action.
Oral spines present either in the avicularia, the autozooids, or both.
Oral spironolactone improves acne vulgaris and reduces sebum excretion.
Oral spray taken throughout the day eliminates the peaks and valleys.
Oral status reports on term projects.
Oral steroid seems to work very well, at least as well as topical.
Oral steroids are more difficult for the liver to metabolize than injectable steroids.
Oral steroids are the first line of treatment in reducing congestive infiltration.
Oral steroids can lessen the symptoms of tonsiliitis caused by mononucleosis.
Oral steroids cause more liver damage than injectable.
Oral steroids do have side effects that frighten most parents.
Oral steroids reduce swelling, inflammation, and mucus production in the airways.
Oral steroids remain the cornerstone of treatment, but there is no set protocol.
Oral steroids work by decreasing mucus production and reactivity and inflammation of the airways.
Oral stimulation is the most stimulation there is.
Oral stimulation is very important.
Oral stories develop listening skills in aunique way.
Oral style is also more repetitious.
Oral style tends to be more personal and less formal.
Oral surgeons are particularly worried about tongue piercing.
Oral surgeons are specialists who perform many aspects of surgery in and about the head area.
Oral surgeons can safely do general anesthesia in their offices.
Oral surgeons perform constructive surgery on patients mouths and jaws.
Oral surgery includes extractions.
Oral surgery is a covered benefit only if due to an accident.
Oral surgery is a final alternative in severe cases but is very rare.
Oral surgery is surgery on the mouth, jaw and teeth.
Oral surgery takes less time.
Oral syringes have some advantages for giving liquid mediations.
Oral tablets can also treat the cause of thrush.
Oral tablets lead to nausea, vomiting and poor compliance.
Oral tablets placed under the tongue contain the same type of extracts used in allergy shots .
Oral teaching is art, and it takes some training to do it well.
Oral temperatures are also accurate if taken properly.
Oral tentacles orange basally, yellow in the middle, with a white distal part.
Oral terbinafine is the best treatment.
Oral terbinafine passes into breast milk.
Oral tests are as accurate as blood tests.
Oral tests are good.
Oral tests can cause anxiety for many students, while others find essay tests stressful.
Oral tests cover the same material as written tests.
Oral testimony is limited to ten minutes for each witness.
Oral testimony is required on all defaults except open accounts or breech of lease agreements.
Oral testing is acceptable.
Oral testing is done with samples of mucus from inside the cheeks and gums rather than with blood.
Oral testosterone can reduce impotence in some men with low levels of natural testosterone.
Oral tetracycline is the drug of choice for the rash and other early symptoms.
Oral therapy depends on parasite sensitivity and drug availability.
Oral therapy improves functions.
Oral therapy offers a number of advantages and considerably reduces the cost of therapy.
Most oral therapy improves functions.
Oral thermometers are accurate but seem to take forever.
Oral thrush appears as curdy, white patches or membranes covering the inside of the mouth.
Oral thrush can cause areas of the tongue to become sore and creamy white patches to appear as well.
Oral thrush causes mild discomfort but can lead to a sore throat, nausea, or a loss of appetite.
Oral thrush is a form of candida infection that is found in the mouth .
Oral thrush is a predisposing factor.
Oral thrush is usually due to Candidiasis.
Oral thrush makes itself known through sore, creamy-coloured patches in the mouth.
Oral thrush needs a prescription medication and a quick visit to the doctor.
Oral tolerance involves the induction of immunological hyporesponsiveness towards specific antigens.
Oral tolerance is a growing area of research.
Oral tolerance is induced by at least two mechanisms.
Oral tolerance refers to immunological tolerance induced by administration of the antigen by mouth.
Oral teeth are minute, dome-shaped with an anteriorly positioned transverse cutting edge.
Oral toxicity is low.
Oral toxicity refers to poison that is ingested.
Oral tradition carries within it the freedom to tell a story many ways.
Oral tradition continues to be an important part of most cultures.
Oral tradition holds that landing was depot for kidnapped free negroes being sold south.
Oral tradition includes patronymics, song, story and preservation of family relationships.
Oral tradition is a definite strength, just be sure and state it as such.
Oral tradition is a reliable source of information about traditional knowledge.
Oral tradition is alive and well.
Oral tradition is an important tool .
Oral tradition is capable of transmitting something without inscripturation.
Oral tradition is fine, and encouraged, just please state the source and date.
Oral tradition is flexible and can adapt itself to a variety of circumstances.
Oral tradition is fluid.
Oral tradition is given precedence over scientific data.
Oral tradition is responsible for the origin of metaphors in Reverse Speech.
Oral tradition is simple, but, it is very rich because of the information it contains.
Oral tradition is the main vehicle for the dissemination of the Judeo-Spanish repertoire.
Oral tradition means that the information, the stories, are told rather than written down.
Oral tradition preserves history, language and culture for American Indian communities.
Oral tradition relates.
Oral tradition says little of the change.
Oral tradition transfers a subtle essence, like fire, from one person to another.
Oral traditions are by their very nature lost except in so far as they are crystallized in texts.
Oral traditions are the key to the treasure chest of our literary and cultural heritage.
Oral traditions are very common among the indigenous tribes still existent in the Philippines.
Oral traditions continue to link the generations in Africa.
Oral traditions have a different way of being alive than written histories.
Oral traditions speak of aspirations, joys, anguish, dilemmas, dissatisfaction and dissent.
Oral treatment is common, though estrogen also can be supplied in a skin patch or vaginal gel.
Oral treatment is more effective because it acts on the affected tissue via blood vessels.
Oral treatment is superior to topical.
Oral treatments depend on the body s own insulin to work.
Some oral treatments kill adult fleas.
Some oral treatments kill fleas.
Oral tumors can develop anywhere in the oral cavity and oropharynx.
Oral tutorials focus on practising speaking skills in the Maori language.
Oral ulcers are common, but larger ulcers can actually turn into vascular aneurysms.
Oral ulcers can sometimes cause excessive salivation.
Oral use has similar dramatic results for psoriasis and similar toxicity.
Oral use requires a concentrated product.
Oral vaccines are already common.
Oral vaccines are available in Canada and Europe.
Oral vaccines are commercially available and have proven to be effective.
Oral values are determined with rats.
Oral versions take at least one month to become effective.
Oral work focuses on group discussion and role play.
Oral work is built on the reading pieces.
Oral work is emphasised.
Oral work is provided with taped materials and free conversational practice.
Oral work provides the essential practice in preparing and presenting stories to an audience.
Some oral work is very good indeed.
An oral is a test
Orals are examinations.
Orals are open to the public.
Orals are to be scheduled, at the earliest, sometime in the third year.
Orals usually occur three to six weeks after the written comp.
Oran soils are more acid in the control section.
Oran soils are on convex or slightly concave summits and weakly defined side slopes on uplands.
An orang is a pongid
Orang kata usik mengusik membawa bahagia.
Orang means man and utan means forest, so Orangutan is man of the forest.
Orangs are arboreal and polygynous.
Orangs are the flagship species of the zoo.
Orangs devote most of their day to foraging for food.
Orangs have a high, sloping forehead and a bulging snout.
Orangs have a shaggy coat of long , coarse , reddish brown hair .
Orangs have blue skin that can be seen through the sparse red hair that covers their entire body.
Orangs have dispositions to fight like human roughs.
Orangs have extreme upper body strength, exaggerated hands and feet, and viselike fingers.
Orangs live in trees where they obtain their food and sleep .
Orangs show a remarkable ability to arrive at certain trees just as their fruit is ripening.
Orange alert means that an eruption is likely within days or weeks.
Orange anemones eat zooplankton that are immobilized by stinging cells on the anemone's tentacles.
Orange antifreeze contains organic acids that protect engine parts from corrosion.
Orange arrows designate the race course.
Orange arrows symbolize electron flow.
Orange balls represent targets.
Orange balloons proliferate, buoyant with hope for the season.
Orange bananas are for giant killer monkeys.
Orange barrels are just a way of life.
Orange Beach has many types of restaurants from local seafood to fine dining.
Orange Beach is large and very clean white sand.
Orange berries appear in the fall and persist through winter.
Orange bigotry has yet to be deposited in the ash can of history.
Orange bitters are available at the larger liquor stores.
Orange blossom is of the crown chakra.
Orange blossoms adorn the handle with criss- cross ribbons.
Orange blossoms are lucky, whether worn by the bride or used in the wedding decorations.
Orange blossoms are often part of the decoration on a wedding cake .
Orange blossoms are often part of the decoration on a wedding cake.
Orange blossoms represent everlasting love.
Orange blossoms signify news of a wedding.
Some orange blossoms produce honey.
Orange boards have water stain on front cover bottom edge.
Orange bowls make another tasty feast for birds.
Orange buoys are standard, but yellow, red, and green are available upon request.
Orange buses cover the city from early morning until around midnight.
Orange cards are exactly the opposite.
Orange cards are hardcore or illegal moves.
Orange carotenoids are in an oil base.
Orange cat stalks through the sunflowers.
Orange cells hold CGI representations.
Orange cells indicate chromatic functions in minor keys only.
Orange cities have school holidays.
Orange City is clear.
Orange City is no longer a small town.
Orange City is prepared for the millennium.
Orange cloth covers.
Orange clouds crowd the sky and city lights reflect in our pacific ocean.
Orange Coast buys one-time rights.
Orange Coast has full connectivity capability.
Orange Coast is one of the leading transfer institutions in the nation.
Orange Coast is the community's college, and the community has been extremely supportive.
Orange Coast is the defending state champion.
Orange Coast operates the largest public sailing program in the United States.
Orange color indicates current territory.
Orange color is a positive reaction to a presence of nitrite residues.
Orange color is artificial aging.
Orange colors come from a substance called carotene and the yellows from xanthophyll.
Orange colour indicates the presence of Argemone oil.
Orange colour is a more absolute solution under cloudy weather conditions and deep waters.
Orange cones are the typographical dingbat of public spaces.
Orange County abounds with award-winning dining establishments.
Orange County bills new residents directly until the assessment is entered on the tax rolls.
Orange County boasts many sporting arenas and events from professional baseball, hockey to soccer.
Orange County contains a major railroad intersection and loading and off-loading point.
Orange County depends entirely on groundwater to supply our potable water.
Orange County encourages property owners to remain in the unincorporated jurisdiction.
Orange County establishes permanent restrictions on lawn irrigation.
Orange county goes down over peanuts, and Turkey hums along with a quadrillion a week.
Orange County has a long-standing commitment to our citizens.
Orange County has a mandatory emergency plan requirement for all healthcare facilities listed above.
Orange County has an on-going community effort to fight drugs.
Orange County has many attractions that make it appealing to visitors.
Orange County has many features that make it attractive to visitors.
Orange County has many fine motels, clean campgrounds and bed and breakfasts to chose from.
Orange County has many opportunities to experience the joys of a well trained dog.
Orange County has over forty miles of coastline and a very comfortable climate.
Orange County has plenty happening before, on and after the holiday, in the spirit of the occasion.
Orange County has predominantly heavy clay soils that absorb water at a slower rate.
Orange County has some very cool rockers.
Orange County has the former, but is very limited in the latter.
Orange County has the highest population density of any county in the state.
Orange County has the only school districts that received waivers.
Orange County holds an important place in AA's History.
Orange County is a county of contradictions.
Orange County is a cyclist's dream with cycle paths and wide lanes on many of the roads.
Orange County is a destination.
Orange County is a drug free workplace employer.
Orange County is a forerunner in the fast-growing biotechnology and biomedical industries.
Orange County is a growing district, with new schools opening every year.
Orange County is a haven for bicyclists, hikers, bird watchers, canoeists, and nature lovers.
Orange County is a national center for higher education.
Orange County is a planned community, like Portland.
Orange County is a quintessential city of the future.
Orange County is a regional directory for museum and performing arts programs in Orange County.
Orange County is a source-point of all wine shipped eastward.
Orange County is a trendsetter in building technology.
Orange County is also economically powerful.
Orange County is also one of the most culturally diverse school districts in the nation.
Orange County is an Enhanced Area.
Orange County is conservative on fiscal issues, but liberal on social issues.
Orange County is home to one of the world's most famous attractions, Disneyland .
Orange County is home to some of the most impressive and challenging golf courses in the world.
Orange county is in North Carolina.
Orange County is in the South Coast Region.
Orange County is located in Southern California.
Orange County is made up of many opportunities to enjoy and experience the art of music.
Orange County is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Orange County is one of the fastest growing counties in California.
Orange County is one of the largest and most influential chapters in the state.
Orange County is one of the major business centers of southern California.
Orange County is one of the outstanding cultural centers in the state.
Orange County is one of the richest counties.
Orange County is one of the smallest in size, yet most densely populated counties in California.
Orange county is rich in heritage and once extended to the Mississippi River and the Great lakes.
Orange County is the core of the visitor market.
Orange County is the slow grower.
Orange County is under a federal court order to reduce overcrowding.
Orange County is very conservative.
Orange County is well suited to delivering an abundant and capable supply of technical workers.
Orange County is, after all, America's stereotypical conservative suburban heartland.
Orange County keeps a small business base and tries to keep large business out.
Orange County offers a planning setting unparalleled elsewhere.
Orange County offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Orange County offers a wide variety of summer camps and programs for kids of all ages.
Orange County offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Orange County offers pleasant weather year long.
Orange County offers the sports visitor the perfect setting for any competition.
Orange County provides an education system that promotes a sense of student responsibility.
Orange County purchases the Pine Hills wastewater system.
Orange County remains one of the safest tourist destinations in the world today.
Orange County reserves the right to refuse any or all bids and to remove any item from the sale.
Orange County runs the entire program with a staff of seven employees.
Orange County sits in the approximate center of the state, midway between Jacksonville and Miami.
Orange cups are a rather interesting idea.
An orange daisy is a wild flower
Orange daisies have floral garden scent.
Orange diamonds mark the corresponding routes for snowmobiling.
Orange dots are current infestations.
Orange dye dissolves most other colors.
Orange edges turn yellow as the day progresses.
Orange energy is powerfully physical and powerfully spiritual.
Orange extract awakens tired, lifeless hair.
Orange females are more sensitive to intraspecific and color-specific competition.
Orange flags are to be displayed year-round.
Orange flags are up, marking the space.
Orange flavor is best.
Some orange flesh has melons.
Orange flowers appear as a bright flame.
Orange flowers bloom from the center of the plants during winter.
Orange flowers bloom in springs.
Orange flowers resemble flowers.
Most orange flowers bloom in springs.
Most orange flowers resemble flowers.
Orange food is anti-spasmodic and good for pains and cramps.
Orange fragrance is, in the plant kingdom, much more uncommon than lemon fragrance.
Orange fusion explodes the last epiphany.
Orange gazanias define the big diamonds.
Orange glass is banded at bottom with red, blue and green in clear.
An orange grove is an orchard
Orange groves turn to banana plantations, which give way to dense tropical rainforest.
Most orange groves require two and a half to three acre feet per acre per year.
An orange hawkweed is a weed
Orange hawkweed is more troublesome in western Montana.
Orange hawkweeds have orangish-red flowers.
Orange honey comes from citrus areas.
Orange hose is water to feed prop bearing.
Orange individuals are heterozygous, and green are homozygous non-resistant.
Orange juice can somewhat help the taste, but tomato juice is truly revolting.
Orange juice has effects.
Orange juice has vitamin c.
Orange juice helps replenish electrolytes in children with diarrhea.
Orange juice helps.
Orange juice is a drink
Orange juice is beverages.
Orange juice is fruit juice.
Orange juice is juice.
Orange juice is liquids.
Orange juice is located in cartons.
Orange juice is located in fridges.
Orange juice is located in refrigerators.
Orange juice is mixture.
Orange juice is used for drinking.
Most orange juice has effects.
Some orange juice contains calcium.
Some orange juice has life.
Some orange juice has shelf life.
Some orange juice helps absorption.
Some orange juice makes from orange.
Some orange juice reduces absorption.
Orange Lake is in northcentral Florida.
Orange Lake is real popular and very productive.
Orange lentils tend to cook to a puree and are mostly used for soups.
Orange lichens encrust rocks on Penguin Island, South Shetlands.
Orange light blinks.
Orange light is light waves.
Orange light is next up from red.
Orange light is orange.
Orange light makes the eyes turn away, blazing.
Orange light reflects from the fruit of the same name.
Orange line is the observed data, white is the model.
Orange lines are county boundaries.
Orange lines indicate major roads and highways.
Orange lines indicate various scenic hiking trails.
Orange lines represent target flight.
Orange males have much less.
Orange markers lead the way to the family canoe camp which offers seven sites.
Orange marmalade adds a kick to the already highly seasoned livers.
Orange marmalade is marmalade
Orange mint peeks up on the right.
Orange moon occurs during a lunar eclipse.
Orange neon accents the soft green tinted cove and recessed lighting.
Orange oil contains compounds.
Orange oil is recovered from the peel of the fruit.
Most orange oil contains compounds.
Orange ones are for the West Bank residents.
Orange outline indicates spray area.
Orange packages are somewhere in between.
Orange palms are the stigma of the amateur.
Orange paper is fine.
Orange Park is in the back of the parking lot.
Orange Park Stay safe everyone.
An orange peel is crystallized fruit
Orange peel adds aroma and improves flavor.
Orange peel can contain more Vitamin C than any other part of the fruit.
Orange peel flavours.
Orange peel is a natural repellent.
Orange peel is caused by the paint drying before it flowed completely smooth and flat.
Orange peel is used by gardeners as a slug repellent.
Orange peel is, similar to lemon peel, capable of softening other taste impressions.
Orange peel sprinkled over a vegetable garden is an effective slug repellent.
Orange peels are located in trash.
Orange peels are organic, but they are one organic that lasts a long time.
Orange peels are part of orange.
Orange peels are peels.
Orange peels hold most of the fruit's essential oil as well as the color.
Most orange peels are part of orange.
Some orange peels contain potassium.
An orange pekoe is black tea
Orange pekoe is made from the youngest leaves and souchong from the fourth leaves.
Orange pekoe refers to the size of the tea leaf.
Orange pekoes are black tea.
Orange people are nature lovers.
Orange people are peace-makers, organisers and love parties.
Orange personalities are loud.
Orange personalities have a quick wit and a ready smile, and are profound in speech.
Orange piston moves up and down.
Orange powder delivers a zesty, citrus taste.
Orange powder rubs off.
Orange proposal is a better alignment and a good proposal.
Orange pumpkins lie all around.
All orange rectangles stand for holes and have to be cut out.
Orange rib knit neck and decorative orange stitching at sleeves and legs finishes the look.
An orange rind is skin
Orange rind makes a great addition to the compost pile.
Orange rinds are part of orange.
Most orange rinds are part of orange.
Orange river canoeing Canoeing is done on the Orange river on the border with South Africa.
Orange rivers are a fairly common sight in the northern part of the state.
Orange roof has one small chip, otherwise excellent.
Orange roses are symbolic of fascination.
Orange rust can be a serious bramble disease in the Northeast.
Orange rust colonizes the shoots and roots of infected plants.
Orange rust invades the entire plant reducing blossoming and fruit set.
Orange rust is favored by low temperatures and high humidity.
Orange rust is the most important of several rust diseases that attack brambles.
Orange seats stretch from the floor almost to the rafters, and the color rings the court.
Orange sections make a colorful garnish as well.
Orange shoes represent businesses with larger donations.
Orange silk graces either black or red suede.
Orange spice is a wonderfully aromatic blend of black teas, orange peel and sweet spices.
Orange spores develop in the lesions and are spread easily by water or air.
Orange spots are produced on leaves, which soon fall.
Orange spots develop at the point of infection on the rosaceous host.
Orange spots indicate disease-related variation in protein levels.
Orange strands are approx.
Orange swim trunks with white waistband.
Orange swim trunks.
Orange symbol indicates that the train is under manual routing.
Orange tags indicate rehabilitated sea lions.
Orange tape attached to the tree against which a hunter sits offers added protection.
Orange thyme has a spicy orange flavor that is excellent added to breads and teas.
Orange tints are suitable to red-haired women.
Orange tips have bright orange tips to their wings.
An orange tortrix is a tortricid moth
Orange tortrix has four to seven generations per year.
Orange Township is watered by Haw Creek and branches, and some other little streams.
An orange tree is a citrus tree
Orange trees are a symbol of love and marriage in many cultures.
Orange trees are auspicious too as their colour reminds one of gold.
Orange trees are evergreen trees.
Orange trees are trees.
Orange trees can have fruit and flowers at the same time.
Orange trees can have fruit.
Orange trees grow in climates.
Orange trees have dark green shiny leaves and small white flowers with five petals .
Orange trees have dark green shiny leaves and small white flowers with five petals.
Orange trees line many of the streets - a fragrant delight when they bloom in the spring.
Orange trees outgrow pots.
Orange trees produce flowers.
Orange trees produce fruit.
Orange trees represent auspiciousness.
Orange trees to produce fruit.
All orange trees are plants.
All orange trees are trees.
Most orange trees can have fruit.
Most orange trees grow in climates.
Most orange trees outgrow pots.
Most orange trees produce flowers.
Most orange trees produce fruit.
Some orange trees have fruit.
Orange tubes contain no alcohol, clear or blue tubes contain alcohol.
Orange type are links.
Orange varieties are higher in beta-carotene, lower in lycopene.
Orange visors are probably faster too, if only psychologically.
Orange walls lit by green fluorescent bulbs also create an interesting effect.
Orange activates the thyroid which is representative of carbohydrates.
Orange allows no big-box stores but allows restaurants.
Orange arise about that agave.
Orange begins to breep back in in the very late stages of the taste.
Orange consider inside no vegetables thus been Lady ice.
Orange designates on-going maintenance support.
Orange goes between red and yellow, green between yellow and blue, and purple between red and blue.
Orange has (part) orange peels.
Orange has (part) orange rinds.
Orange has (part) sections.
Orange has peels.
Orange has seeds.
Orange indicates low density suburban development.
Orange indicates low prevalence of the disease, and red indicates high prevalence.
Orange indicates movies .
Orange indicates movies.
Orange indicates periods where the hotel is already busy and early reservation is recommended.
Orange indicates possible connection with solar variability.
Orange indicates rapid growth and green indicates slow or no growth.
Orange is a citrus
Orange is citrus fruit.
Orange is citruses.
Orange is color.
Orange is colour.
Orange is food.
Orange is fruit.
Orange is located near orange trees.
Orange is part of fruit.
Orange is part of orange.
Orange is pigment.
Orange is rounds.
Orange is sweets.
Orange is used for warning signs.
Orange isa citrus.
Orange lies on the Sabine River near the Louisiana border.
Orange looks super for nighttime.
Orange offers neighborhoods to fit all lifestyles and incomes.
Orange represents areas of the cell where the microtubules originate.
Orange represents reconstruction.
Orange stands for life and vibrance, originality and individuality.
Orange stands for their blessings of hard work.
Orange stands for thoughtfulness and consideration.
Orange stands for warning.
Orange stimulates the milk producing action of the breast after child birth.
Orange strengthens the immune system and the lungs, helping ward off spring allergies.
Orange symbolizes warmth and prosperity.
Oranges add excitement to just about any environment.
Oranges also contain folic acid which can help prevent the risk of birth defects.
Oranges also contain vitamin C, potassium, calcium as well as the b vitamins niacin and thiamine.
Oranges appear, then a plate of pilaf.
Oranges are a favorite with orioles.
Oranges are a good source as well as concentrated fruits such as prunes, dates and figs.
Oranges are a near-perfect food.
Oranges are actually modified berries.
Oranges are also a low-fat and easily metabolized source of carbohydrates.
Oranges are also a source of potassium, thiamin and calcium.
Oranges are also a very good source of dietary fibre .
Oranges are also a very good source of dietary fibre.
Oranges are also protective and their skins burn fragrantly.
Oranges are always orange.
Oranges are an important food source in many parts of the world for several reasons .
Oranges are an important food source in many parts of the world for several reasons.
Oranges are bold in relationships Oranges are bold and charming in relationships.
Oranges are cheaper in Florida and therefore the demand is greater in Florida.
Oranges are competitive Oranges enjoy competition and are aggressive in their desire to win.
Oranges are cut in two across the sections and eaten with an orange spoon.
Oranges are either bad ingredients or pests drawn to the pile by poor composting practices.
Oranges are firm, heavy for their size, and evenly shaped.
Oranges are first.
Oranges are from China.
Oranges are generous Oranges tend to be free and generous with their possessions.
Oranges are great with gorgonzola.
Oranges are in full bloom and grapefruit is about to be.
Oranges are nice, but try the spice.
Oranges are of Asiatic origin and have long been cultivated in hot and warm temperate climates.
Oranges are one of the most popular fruits around the world.
Oranges are optimistic Oranges also tend to be optimistic and light-hearted.
Oranges are orange and sectioned.
Oranges are placed under Citrus genus.
Oranges are pretty tasty.
Oranges are probably native to China.
Oranges are quite likely to be Seville, delicious for jam, less so for eating raw.
Oranges are realists.
Oranges are really good as well.
Oranges are spheres.
Oranges are the most consumed within the fruits.
Oranges are the most widely grown fruit in the world.
Oranges are the origin of orange juice.
Oranges are the state's single most valuable crop.
Oranges are the trailblazers and the entertainers.
Oranges are unknown in the wild.
Oranges are used for flavoring, candy, food, and drinks.
Oranges are very expensive to ship.
Oranges are very tempting to orioles.
Oranges are vitamin A rich.
Oranges bring excitement to society Oranges add fun, excitement and adventure to society.
Oranges can also help soothe a feverish person.
Oranges can be inspirational.
Oranges can be sweet or sour.
Oranges can serve as a drink and container.
Oranges conduct electricity.
Oranges contain flavanoids, which are one of the largest groups of dietary antioxidants.
Oranges contain vitamin C, plus abundant folic acid, potassium and fiber.
Oranges do what they feel the urge to do at the time.
Oranges fall somewhere in the middle.
Oranges fight gallstones.
Oranges get the good press as a vitamin C source, but frozen peaches are the keener choice.
Oranges glisten like glowing coals.
Oranges grow on trees, and are the main constituent of orange juice.
Oranges have a high vitamin C content.
Oranges have a lot of sucrose, which is affected by acarbose.
Oranges have great endurance Oranges seem to have endurance beyond that of other types.
Oranges have no such fate.
Oranges hybridize freely.
Oranges juice up cancer protection.
Oranges like to be the center of attention.
Oranges never have to worry about priapism.
Oranges never meet a stranger.
Oranges Place the orange sections in a bowl.
Oranges prefer a rich, sandy soil, and warm year-round temperatures.
Oranges range from the grapefruit colored basswood to the burnt umber of beech and white ash.
Oranges seek to sample all that life has to offer.
Oranges seem to be of a brighter yellow than that of lemons.
Oranges signify gold and wealth.
Oranges signify good health, and the number eight sounds like the word for prosperity .
Oranges signify good health, and the number eight sounds like the word for prosperity.
Oranges symbolize good fortune because they are sweet and one of China's most abundant fruits.
Oranges taste differently based on their position on the tree.
Oranges taste very much the same wether they came from Apartheid South Africa or from Australia.
Oranges top the list for orioles.
Oranges work better than any other color in a crisis.
Oranges often excel at speedy trouble-shooting, especially in unprecedented and baffling situations.
Oranges usually range from approximately two to three inches in diameter.
All oranges are fruit.
Most oranges are now golf ball size while grapefruit are nearly baseball size.
Some orange grows in areas.
Some orange grows in places.
Some orange grows in yards.
Some orange has flowers.
Some orange has fragrant flowers.
Some orange has stripes.
Some orange looks like mushrooms.
Some orange looks like tiny mushrooms.
Some oranges are artificially colored and waxed before marketing.
Some oranges grow in other places in the United States like Florida.
An orangery is a greenhouse
An orangery is a plantation
Orangeries have a rich history dating back two thousand years.
Oranges Oranges are orange and round.
Oranges trees are too expensive to maintain.
Orangestriped caterpillars mature and reach their full size by early fall.
An orangewood is wood
Orangewood is air-cooled in the summer and all bedrooms have ceiling fans.
Orangish winter stems.
Orangutan arms are one and a half times longer than their legs.
Orangutan babies depend on adults.
Most orangutan babies depend on adults.
Some orangutan babies eat bananas.
Orangutan diet consists primarily of fruit, as well as shoots, seeds, leaves, bark and insects.
Orangutan eyes are dark brown, an adaptation to help protect their eyes from sunlight.
Orangutan feet are adapted for climbing trees.
Orangutan hair is thin and shaggy.
Orangutan kids are skillful and inventive in all matters of play, and they learn very fast and well.
Orangutan males live solitary lives, appearing briefly to mate.
Orangutan mothers are very caring and attentive.
Orangutan mothers are very loving and caring mothers.
Orangutan mothers care for infants.
Orangutan mothers leave babies.
Orangutan mothers produce offspring.
Most orangutan mothers care for infants.
Most orangutan mothers leave babies.
Most orangutan mothers produce offspring.
An orangutan is a pongid
Orangutan is back, for good.
Orangutan isa ape.
Orangutans also build nests in the daytime to rest and play in.
Orangutans also eat some flowers, honey, bark, leaves and insects.
Orangutans also have incredible strength, particularly in their upper bodies.
Orangutans also live in dry forests that cover the foothills of mountains.
Orangutans are almost unique among primate species.
Orangutans are also keystone species found in tropical rainforests.
Orangutans are among the most intelligent primates.
Orangutans are an easy target for hunters because they're large and slow targets.
Orangutans are an endangered species.
Orangutans are animals.
Orangutans are apes.
Orangutans are born with an ability to reason and think.
Orangutans are cautious climbers, and are mainly arboreal.
Orangutans are descended from a prehistoric species which lived throughout Asia.
Orangutans are diurnal which means they are active during the day.
Orangutans are divided into two different subspecies.
Orangutans are expert climbers.
Orangutans are extremely flexible in the hip, knee, and shoulder joint.
Orangutans are extremely intelligent and make their own tools.
Orangutans are extremely intelligent creatures who clearly have the ability to reason and think.
Orangutans are extremely patient and intelligent mammals.
Orangutans are found only in the rain forests of the Southeast Asian islands of Borneo and Sumatra.
Orangutans are from the rainforests on the islands Borneo and Sumatra in Southeast Asia .
Orangutans are from the rainforests on the islands Borneo and Sumatra in Southeast Asia.
Orangutans are frugivores and play a vital role in the dispersal of seeds over a huge area.
Orangutans are generally fruit eaters, because fruit is abundant in the forests they inhabit.
Orangutans are generally good mothers, being very gentle and loving.
Orangutans are generally non aggressive toward humans and each other.
Orangutans are great apes, our closest living relatives on earth.
Orangutans are great apes.
Orangutans are highly arboreal and are quite awkward on the ground.
Orangutans are highly endangered in the wild.
Orangutans are highly intelligent and gentle animals.
Orangutans are highly intelligent with an ability to reason and think.
Orangutans are hominids.
Orangutans are incredibly intelligent and are highly skilled puzzle-solvers.
Orangutans are inhabit the forests on the islands Sumatra and Borneo.
Orangutans are intelligent and generally peaceful vegetarians.
Orangutans are intelligent apes that live in the forest of the Asian islands of Sumatra and Borneo.
Orangutans are intelligent apes that reproduce very slowly.
Orangutans are just one of many species facing serious threats to survival at human hands.
Orangutans are known for being cunning in captivity.
Orangutans are large apes with long, red hair.
Orangutans are large, but in general are quite gentle.
Orangutans are large, red-haired animals with four hands and no tail.
Orangutans are mammals.
Orangutans are more solitary than other apes.
Orangutans are mostly solitary, which is rare since primates usually have rich social lives.
Orangutans are much stronger than humans and also bite.
Orangutans are native apes from Indonesia.
Orangutans are native to the forests of Borneo and Sumatra.
Orangutans are one of our closest relatives in the animal kingdom.
Orangutans are only one of the rainforest's numerous inhabitants.
Orangutans are opportunistic foragers , and their diets vary markedly from month to month.
Orangutans are orange, but can still hide themselves in the trees.
Orangutans are part of apes.
Orangutans are part of great apes.
Orangutans are primarily diurnal and arboreal.
Orangutans are primarily frugivorous.
Orangutans are reddish-brown in color and some males grow white or yellow beards.
Orangutans are secretive, highly intelligent, and well adapted to living in the tree tops.
Orangutans are semi-solitary species but remain, to some degree, somewhat social.
Orangutans are sexually dimorphic.
Orangutans are similar, with no observations in the wild of eating meat.
Orangutans are skeptical of changes in their cages, And the zookeeper is very fond of rum.
Orangutans are skeptical Of changes in their cages, And the zookeeper is very fond of rum.
Orangutans are solitary creatures.
Orangutans are subject to persecution because in some areas they become pests.
Orangutans are the exception to the primate social norm, they lead solitary lives.
Orangutans are the first nonhuman species documented to do so.
Orangutans are the largest and the rarest of the Asian apes.
Orangutans are the largest arboreal animal on the planet.
Orangutans are the largest arboreal ape.
Orangutans are the largest arboreal mammal in the world.
Orangutans are the largest arboreal mammal.
Orangutans are the largest primate in Asia, excepting humans, of course.
Orangutans are the least social of the great apes, but individuals commonly interact.
Orangutans are the loners and daydreamers of the great apes, highly intelligent problem solvers.
Orangutans are the loners and the daydreamers of the great apes.
Orangutans are the most arboreal of the great apes and spend most of their time in trees.
Orangutans are the most at risk of the world's six species of apes.
Orangutans are the only animals besides humans to have fingerprints.
Orangutans are the only apes in the world that are from Asia.
Orangutans are the only apes that inhabit Asia.
Orangutans are the slowest breeding apes in the world.
Orangutans are the world's largest tree-dwelling animal.
Orangutans are unique in many ways.
Orangutans are unique in the ape world.
Orangutans are usually silent.
Orangutans are very intelligent.
Orangutans are very similar to humans.
Orangutans are wholly dependent on trees for their existence.
Orangutans build crude nests, and they are the only animals who build a roof when it rains.
Orangutans build day and night nests.
Orangutans build nests specialized for both day or night use.
Orangutans can eat a large amount of food.
Orangutans can fashion probes from sticks for retrieving insects from their nests.
Orangutans can find fruits in the water.
Orangutans can grasp things with both their hands and their feet.
Orangutans can hold, eat, and manipulate food using their hands or just their feet.
Orangutans change behavior.
Orangutans communicate with various sounds.
Orangutans construct a new sleeping platform every night.
Orangutans consume fruit.
Orangutans currently exist in just a small remnant of their former range.
Orangutans develop ability.
Orangutans develop amaze ability.
Orangutans do it upside down.
Orangutans eat bananas.
Orangutans eat bugs.
Orangutans eat food.
Orangutans eat leaves.
Orangutans eat primarily fruit and play an important role dispersing seeds through defecation.
Orangutans eat tropical fruits, leaves, sprouts, bark and insects.
Orangutans eat young leaves.
Orangutans establish ranges.
Orangutans exist only on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra.
Orangutans favor a fruit called durians.
Orangutans find food.
Orangutans give birth only once every eight or nine years.
Orangutans have (part) brains.
Orangutans have (part) breasts.
Orangutans have (part) cell membranes.
Orangutans have (part) cells.
Orangutans have (part) chest cavities.
Orangutans have (part) chests.
Orangutans have (part) corpi.
Orangutans have (part) cytoplasm.
Orangutans have (part) ears.
Orangutans have (part) faces.
Orangutans have (part) heads.
Orangutans have (part) nuclei.
Orangutans have (part) pedal extremities.
Orangutans have (part) piluses.
Orangutans have (part) plasma membranes.
Orangutans have (part) rib cages.
Orangutans have (part) sections.
Orangutans have (part) skulls.
Orangutans have (part) sterna.
Orangutans have (part) vacuoles.
Orangutans have (part) vertebrate feet.
Orangutans have a large, bulky body.
Orangutans have a slow growth rate, somewhat comparable to humans.
Orangutans have a very important role in the food chain.
Orangutans have ability.
Orangutans have an arm spread of about five feet.
Orangutans have an enormous arm span.
Orangutans have babies.
Orangutans have canine teeth.
Orangutans have choices.
Orangutans have development.
Orangutans have food.
Orangutans have four hands instead of two hands and two feet.
Orangutans have hands.
Orangutans have heads.
Orangutans have high cognitive abilities comparable to the other great apes.
Orangutans have individual personalities and characters.
Orangutans have large brains and exhibit a high level of intelligence.
Orangutans have life.
Orangutans have long orange hair that covers most of their bodies.
Orangutans have more to fear than just the fire.
Orangutans have no serious predators except humans.
Orangutans have physical development.
Orangutans have red-brown fur .
Orangutans have red-brown fur.
Orangutans have remarkable abilities for traveling through the forest canopy.
Orangutans have strength.
Orangutans have strong teeth and jaws.
Orangutans have teeth.
Orangutans have the slowest breeding rate of all mammals.
Orangutans have the slowest known life histories of any mammal.
Orangutans have thin, shaggy, reddish-brown hair.
Orangutans have tremendous strength.
Orangutans inhabit areas.
Orangutans just hang up there in the canopy.
Orangutans live a more solitary lifestyle than the other great apes.
Orangutans live entirely in trees.
Orangutans live in a semisolitary social organization that is unique among monkeys and apes.
Orangutans live in Africa.
Orangutans live in Asia.
Orangutans live in degrade habitats.
Orangutans live in few places.
Orangutans live in forests.
Orangutans live in habitats.
Orangutans live in humid jungles of Borneo and Sumatra.
Orangutans live in Indonesia and Malaysia on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo.
Orangutans live in places.
Orangutans live in Southeast Asia, in Borneo and Sumatra.
Orangutans live in the canopy of the rain forest.
Orangutans live in trees.
Orangutans live in tropical rain forests.
Orangutans live mainly in the trees, only occasionally coming to the ground.
Orangutans live on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra.
Orangutans live semi-solitary lives in the wild.
Orangutans live solitary lives with little bonding in evidence.
Orangutans make up an endangered species.
Orangutans mate while swinging from tree branches.
Orangutans occupy large overlap home ranges.
Orangutans occupy large ranges.
Orangutans occupy overlap ranges.
Orangutans occupy ranges.
Orangutans only have one baby at a time.
Orangutans play a critical role in seed dispersal, keeping forests healthy.
Orangutans possess cheek pads.
Orangutans possess pads.
Orangutans reach adolescence.
Orangutans reach adulthood.
Orangutans reach maturity.
Orangutans reach sexual maturity.
Orangutans rely more on facial expressions and body language to communicate.
Orangutans resemble men.
Orangutans seem deliberate in everything they do.
Orangutans seem to be very enlightened.
Orangutans share features.
Orangutans share unique features.
Orangutans spend almost all of their time in the trees, eating fruit or resting in leafy nests.
Orangutans spend most of their life in the trees, swinging confidently from branch to branch.
Orangutans spend most of their time in trees.
Orangutans spend up to six hours a day eating or foraging for food.
Orangutans still swing through the jungles and elephants and rhinoceroses roam the plains.
Orangutans stringing up hammocks and washing dishes present a more convincing case.
Orangutans suffer eviction at the hands of logging companies.
Orangutans survive in environments.
Orangutans typically eat fruits and leaves in nature, and very little animal matter.
Orangutans use a variety of tools and their powerful jaws to break into such fruits.
Orangutans use compliant branches to lower the energetic cost of locomotion.
Orangutans often build their nests in places where they have a good view of the surrounding forest.
Orangutans often drop seeds while they are traveling though trees.
Orangutans often nap in the afternoon after a morning spent obtaining food.
Many orangutans are killed by the fires as they have no chance of escape.
Most orangutans are four to five feet long, some can reach a length of six feet.
Most orangutans change behavior.
Most orangutans consume fruit.
Most orangutans develop ability.
Most orangutans develop amaze ability.
Most orangutans eat bananas.
Most orangutans eat food.
Most orangutans eat leaves.
Most orangutans eat young leaves.
Most orangutans establish ranges.
Most orangutans find food.
Most orangutans have ability.
Most orangutans have babies.
Most orangutans have choices.
Most orangutans have development.
Most orangutans have food.
Most orangutans have hands.
Most orangutans have heads.
Most orangutans have life.
Most orangutans have physical development.
Most orangutans have strength.
Most orangutans have teeth.
Most orangutans have tremendous strength.
Most orangutans inhabit areas.
Most orangutans live in degrade habitats.
Most orangutans live in few places.
Most orangutans live in forests.
Most orangutans live in habitats.
Most orangutans live in places.
Most orangutans live in trees.
Most orangutans occupy large overlap home ranges.
Most orangutans occupy large ranges.
Most orangutans occupy overlap ranges.
Most orangutans occupy ranges.
Most orangutans possess cheek pads.
Most orangutans possess pads.
Most orangutans reach adolescence.
Most orangutans reach adulthood.
Most orangutans reach maturity.
Most orangutans reach sexual maturity.
Most orangutans resemble men.
Most orangutans share features.
Most orangutans share unique features.
Most orangutans survive in environments.
Some orangutans adapt to homes.
Some orangutans affect forest regeneration.
Some orangutans affect regeneration.
Some orangutans avoid contact.
Some orangutans become mothers.
Some orangutans beg for food.
Some orangutans beg for solid food.
Some orangutans chew on leaves.
Some orangutans come from rainforests.
Some orangutans come into contact.
Some orangutans come into frequent close contact.
Some orangutans come into frequent contact.
Some orangutans display brown color.
Some orangutans display brown hair color.
Some orangutans display color.
Some orangutans display hair color.
Some orangutans eat meat.
Some orangutans feed on minerals.
Some orangutans have childhood.
Some orangutans have important roles.
Some orangutans have lower reproductive output.
Some orangutans have natural predators.
Some orangutans have output.
Some orangutans have predators.
Some orangutans have reproductive output.
Some orangutans have roles.
Some orangutans help kids.
Some orangutans hold hands.
Some orangutans leave mothers.
Some orangutans provide meat.
Some orangutans reach height.
Some orangutans receive best possible care.
Some orangutans receive care.
Some orangutans share ancestors.
Some orangutans share common ancestors.
Some orangutans show differences.
Some orangutans stay with parents.
Some orangutans steal food.
Some orangutans suffer isolation.
An oration is a speech
Oration is an important skill.
An orator is a speaker
Orators are very charismatic people.
Orators merely persuade rather than enlighten.
An oratorio is musical style
Oratorios have a lot of recitative.
Oraz inne ciekawostki.
Many orb photographs are merely the result of weather conditions such as rain and humidity.
Orb weavers have eyes.
Orb weavers have legs.
Orb weavers have spiny legs.
Many orb weavers are brightly colored, and have hairy or spiny legs.
Most orb weavers are nocturnal.
Most orb weavers have spiny legs.
Some orb weavers are influential enough to make history.
Some orb weavers deserve appreciation.
Some orb weavers have cones.
Some orb weavers live for years.
Orb has (part) corpi.
Orb is a capsule
Orb is bands.
Orb is rivers.
Orb isa body part.
Orbs are fierce creations, highly armored and very mobile, armed with a rapid fire machine gun.
Orbs are Infrared.
Orbs Below are the weapon orb locations.
ORBs create objects, know where they are, and provide services separate from the code.
ORBs currently are synchronous although initiatives are underway to develop asynchronous ORBs.
Orbs sends out notices in the process of their testing.
Orbs swell, blood vessels scream faster and faster.
ORBs understand how to communicate with other ORBs and find objects in the network.
Orbs always seem to be brighter when they are on or by a face.
All Orbs have skill bonuses, but they can also be generated with other effects.
Many ORBs use dynamic hashing as their object adapter demultiplexing strategy.
More orbs seems to appear in between our light flashes.
Some orb is part of eyes.
Some orb is part of faces.
All orbifold mirrors start and stop only at even ordered axes.
Orbino cases are extremely fine.
Orbis logo shirts available for first time.
Orbit determination is also experimental in nature.
Orbit determination is an iterative process, building upon the results of previous solutions.
Orbits of planets give the geometry.
An orbit is a route
ORBit also uses less memory than the other ORBs.
Orbit boosts and formula mangling.
Orbit changes on Earth can cause ice ages.
Orbit creates shimmering soundscapes and dance-oriented pieces without the cliches.
Orbit deals with serious issues in a positive, highly accessible way.
Orbit enables e-commerce services to thousands of businesses.
Orbit events directories.
Orbit given is final orbit after manoeuvres.
Orbit given is spurious.
Orbit given is wrong.
Orbit isa route.
Orbit lattices class set.
Orbit launch nr.
Orbit looks like a mouse.
ORBit offers marketers unprecedented, easily navigated, point of view.
Orbit raising manoeuvres to place it in orbital slot are now on.
Orbit revolving restaurant provides stunning views and food to match.
Orbit speeds similar at a given radius.
Orbits are body parts.
Orbits are conic sections with the force center at the focus.
Orbits are ellipses.
Orbits are elliptical , with the heavier body at one focus of the ellipse.
Orbits are in reality more like clouds.
Orbits are lined with oil glands that bathe the corneas and a nictitating membrane is present.
Orbits are paths that describe dynamic phenomena.
Orbits are paths.
Orbits are solid objects.
Orbits are unbound and objects escape .
Orbits can be circular, elliptical or irregular.
Orbits can be close to circular but normally orbits are actually elliptical.
Orbits change over time.
Orbits Click to place an electron.
Orbits correspond to orbits.
Orbits have advantage.
Orbits have angular momentum.
Orbits have different shapes.
Orbits have momentum.
Orbits have shapes.
Orbits last for years.
Orbits lie close to the plane of the ecliptic.
Orbits pass through centers.
Orbits Send a ball spinning round the edge of the well.
Orbits simulates the motion of planets, rockets, and stars in a highly visual forum.
Orbits start just outside the rings.
Orbits transform a brush nib into a series of points that form a pattern.
Orbits uses time-dependent orbital elements for the calculation of planetary positions.
All orbits are elliptical, having two focal points.
All orbits are nearly circular.
All orbits are oval.
All orbits have both a perigee and an apogee.
All orbits lead away from the fixed point.
All orbits lead to the fixed point.
Every orbit described in space is elliptical.
Every orbit starting in a neighborhood of the non-wandering set remains in a neighborhood.
Most orbits are elliptical.
Most orbits are hyperbolic, but the hyperbolicity is non-uniform.
Most orbits correspond to orbits.
Most orbits have advantage.
Most orbits have angular momentum.
Most orbits have different shapes.
Most orbits have momentum.
Most orbits have shapes.
Most orbits pass through centers.
Some orbits are closed and always return to their starting point, while others are open .
Some orbits are highly eccentric, and cross Earth's orbit.
Some orbits are nearly circular, but the orbits of most planets are ellipses - shaped like ovals.
Some orbits are very stable and others change significantly.
Some orbits have dimensions.
Some orbits provide insight.
Some orbits provide key insight.
Some orbits provide protection.
Orbital analyses are underway.
Orbital analysis is to be performed to sort out the time of occurrence for orbit overlaps.
Orbital attitude thrusters aboard the the payload adjust the course and attitude of the payload.
Orbital auscultation is a useful adjunct to the method described above.
Orbital cellulitis is a dangerous infection with potentially serious complications.
Orbital cellulitis is a diffuse infiltration of bacteria and inflammatory cells in the orbit.
Orbital cellulitis is a medical emergency and requires in-patient care.
Orbital correlation diagrams.
Orbital debris is all the bits of space junk in orbit.
Orbital debris is an alien phenomenon.
Orbital debris is manmade space litter accumulated in Earth orbit from the exploration of space.
Orbital decay is much greater when the sunspot number is high.
Orbital devices are therefore efficient, reliable, quiet and easy to manufacture.
Orbital eccentricity measures the flatness of the orbit .
Orbital electrons form interlocking systems call shells.
Orbital elements are heliocentric ecliptic.
Orbital elements remain a mystery to most people.
Orbital fractures are possible.
Orbital fractures can occur through the walls of the orbit, deep to the orbital rims.
Orbital geometry plays only a relatively modest role in the onset of collisionally-induced activity.
Orbital hemangiomas are typically slow-growing lesions.
Orbital information is updated over time, leading to a precise orbit.
Orbital involvement can present as mild proptosis, which usually is nonpulsatile.
Orbital involvement is uncommon.
Orbital lesions are extremely uncommon.
Orbital lymphoma can produce proptosis and visual loss through a mass effect.
Orbital mechanics gets in the way.
Orbital meningiomas are typically slow-growing lesions.
Orbital motion is a continuous acceleration.
Orbital motion is a form of free fall.
Orbital motion is a turn
Orbital motion is a type of free fall.
Orbital motion is the key.
Orbital motion keeps the planets from crashing inward into the sun.
Orbital pain is described as a deep, dull ache behind or in the eye.
Orbital parameters are unavailable.
Orbital parameters are very variable even during the first two years.
Orbital parameters describe orientations.
Most orbital parameters describe orientations.
Orbital paths are very nearly circular, so sinusoidal variations are suitable for tides.
Orbital period is how long it takes the skyhook to make a full circuit of the body.
Orbital rotation is a turn
Orbital rotation is gyroscopic action.
Orbital separation is much greater than shown.
Orbital sharing is a fact of atoms.
Orbital slots designate the locations in space where geostationary satellites are located.
Orbital systems provide a means to ensure high productivity of welding and optimum weld quality.
Orbital tumors are difficult to identify until they are large enough to displace the eyeball.
Some orbital variation brings sunlight.
Some orbital variation plays roles.
Orbital velocity depends only on the radius of an object's orbit.
Orbital velocity is the speed needed to stay in orbit.
An orbiter is equipment
Orbiters are much higher tech and therefore cost more than other treadmills.
Orbiters can detect seasonal changes in permafrost-induced ground patterns.
Orbivirus particles appear smooth.
Orca Bay is also committed to excellence in quality and customer service.
Orca bodies have distinctive black and white markings.
ORCA members are employers.
All ORCA members welcome.
Orca pods appear very infrequently in Japanese waters.
Orca protection Develop a regulatory approach to prevent chasing of whales by boaters.
Orca sightings are spectacular.
Orca whale feeds on seals, squid, great whales, penguins and walruses.
Orca whales are the largest members of the dolphin family.
Orca whales have white bodies with dark dorsal, upper body, fins.
Some orca whales have predators.
An orca is a dolphin
Orca are active and fast moving, and stay in tight family groups for their entire lives.
Orca isa dolphin.
Orcas also feed on fish, squid and marine birds.
Orcas also produce a range of distinctive calls, some of which are specific to particular pods.
Orcas also use echolocation, a type of sonar, to locate their prey.
Orcas also use echolocation.
Orcas apparently produce humpback whale song.
Orcas appear to have developed a taste for sea otters in parts of Alaska.
Orcas are a fascinating combination of forbidding power, grace and high intelligence.
Orcas are a rare sighting off the coast here in southern California.
Orcas are also frequent visitors to the area.
Orcas are also penguin predators.
Orcas are animals.
Orcas are apex predators, at the top of the food chain.
Orcas are around the top of the ocean food chain.
Orcas are at the top of their food chain.
Orcas are culturally, spiritually, and economically important to the Salish Sea.
Orcas are found in both coastal waters and open ocean.
Orcas are highly intelligent animals with a complicated social structure.
Orcas are highly social and very intelligent.
Orcas are highly social animals that travel in groups called pods.
Orcas are located in sea.
Orcas are more likely to be found at higher latitudes and near the shore, though.
Orcas are one of the toothed whales.
Orcas are the largest member of the dolphin family.
Orcas are the largest of all dolphins species in the world.
Orcas are the supreme predators of the ocean.
Orcas are very intelligent.
Orcas are very social animals.
Orcas are very strong swimmers.
Orcas breach off the shores of Santa Rosa Island.
Orcas breathe by opening the muscular flap of the blowhole.
Orcas can also be brutal when hunting dolphins.
Orcas can be dangerous , and have been known to kill their attendants on rare occasions .
Orcas can be dangerous, and have been known to kill their attendants on rare occasions.
Orcas can hunt co-operatively, top the marine food chain and have no predators.
Orcas can leap out of the water to 'breach'.
Orcas can live anywhere from the polar regions right up to the equator.
Orcas consume fish.
Orcas contain toxic PCB's.
Orcas customarily feed on sea lions and seals, which are packed with high-calorie blubber.
Orcas die in sea.
Orcas easily lives up to the hype.
Orcas eat fish and seals and eagles eat most other birds.
Orcas eat fish.
Orcas eat mothers and baby whales off the coast of Oregon.
Orcas eat their food in chunks or entirely whole.
Orcas establish social hierarchies and pods are led by females.
Orcas establish social hierarchies, and pods are lead by females.
Orcas feed on a wide variety of prey, from small schooling fish to large baleen whales.
Orcas feed on fish, squid, birds and marine mammals.
Orcas feed on fish, squid, birds, and marine mammals.
Orcas feed on large whales.
Orcas feed on whales.
Orcas find food by echolocation .
Orcas generally live in coastal areas, but they also swim into the open ocean.
Orcas have (part) brains.
Orcas have (part) breasts.
Orcas have (part) cell membranes.
Orcas have (part) cells.
Orcas have (part) chest cavities.
Orcas have (part) chests.
Orcas have (part) corpi.
Orcas have (part) cytoplasm.
Orcas have (part) ears.
Orcas have (part) faces.
Orcas have (part) flippers.
Orcas have (part) heads.
Orcas have (part) nuclei.
Orcas have (part) pedal extremities.
Orcas have (part) piluses.
Orcas have (part) plasma membranes.
Orcas have (part) rib cages.
Orcas have (part) sections.
Orcas have (part) skulls.
Orcas have (part) sterna.
Orcas have (part) vacuoles.
Orcas have (part) vertebrate feet.
Orcas have a long life span.
Orcas have a very evolved social structure.
Orcas have another characteristic which allows the sexes to be easily distinguishable.
Orcas have bonds.
Orcas have complex social behaviors and are magnificent mammals.
Orcas have excellent eyesight in and out of the water.
Orcas have features.
Orcas have fins.
Orcas have flat teeth and can tear apart a full grown male seal.
Orcas have large pectoral flippers and triangular-shaped dorsal fins.
Orcas have long, rounded bodies with large dorsal fins at the middle of their backs.
Orcas have mostly black skin with white patches.
Orcas have social bonds.
Orcas have stocky bodies and a rounded head with a distinctive beak.
Orcas have strong bonds.
Orcas have strong social bonds.
Orcas have the habit to eat fish, seals, infant whales and small dolphins.
Orcas hold breaths.
Orcas hunt fish.
Orcas live in cool waters, esspecially polar regions.
Orcas live in family units called pods.
Orcas live in matrilineal family groups called pods.
Orcas live in pods, clans, and communities.
Orcas live long lives, reproduce slowly and endure high infant mortality.
Orcas live long lives, reproduce slowly and infant mortality is high.
Orcas perform in a way that is nothing short of astonishing.
Orcas prey on animals.
Orcas prey on calves.
Orcas prey on walrus calves.
Orcas reach maturity.
Orcas reach sexual maturity.
Orcas remain with their pod for their entire lives.
Orcas stay with their mothers' families for their entire lives.
Orcas stay with their subpods for all their lives.
Orcas take their time with meals, like the best of connoisseurs.
Orcas tend to travel in small family groups known as pods and are effective predators.
Orcas use echolocation to talk to each other and hunt.
Orcas use echolocation.
Orcas use echoloction to find their prey and each other.
Orcas use many different techniques to catch prey.
Orcas sometimes hang onto the flukes of the gray whale to tire it out before the attack.
Orcas usually favor the coastal or cool waters but can also be found in the polar ice areas.
Orcas usually have fifty teeth.
All orcas are viewable at all times.
Most orcas are located in sea.
Most orcas consume fish.
Most orcas develop higher levels of pathogens in captivity.
Most orcas die in sea.
Most orcas eat fish.
Most orcas feed on large whales.
Most orcas feed on whales.
Most orcas have bonds.
Most orcas have fins.
Most orcas have social bonds.
Most orcas have strong bonds.
Most orcas have strong social bonds.
Most orcas hold breaths.
Most orcas prey on animals.
Most orcas prey on calves.
Most orcas prey on walrus calves.
Most orcas reach maturity.
Most orcas reach sexual maturity.
Most orcas use echolocation.
Some orcas carry chemicals.
Some orcas eat mammals.
Some orcas eat marine mammals.
Some orcas eat penguins.
Some orcas eat prey.
Some orcas have color.
Some orcas have natural predators.
Some orcas have predators.
Some orcas kill calves.
Some orcas kill humans.
Some orcas kill large whales.
Some orcas kill whales.
OrCAD schematics capture and library implementation.
Orchard Beach is a non-surf bathing area with little or no current.
Orchard Beach is minutes away, for a cool dip in the summer.
Orchard expansion preserves open space and precious farmland while providing our economic base.
Most orchard floors have some type of vegetative cover, usually grass.
Orchard grass is grass
Orchard grass is inexpensive to plant, stays relatively short and is moderately shade tolerant.
Orchard grass makes up the majority of the hayland.
Orchard orioles feed on insects.
Orchard park is just minutes away from the many amenities of Buffalo.
Many orchard problems have their origin underground and can easily be overlooked.
Many orchard properties are for sale.
Orchard road is the main shopping street.
Orchard sanitation is of major importance in controlling brown rot.
Most orchard work is early in the season with harvesting continuing throughout the summer.
An orchard is a garden
Orchard isa garden.
Orchards also grow mangoes, avocados, lychees, peaches, watermelons and rockmelons.
Orchards also make good visits at harvest time.
Orchards are a beautiful part of our regional landscape.
Orchards are an exception.
Orchards are available for apple picking.
Orchards are common, especially in areas within a few miles of Lake Erie.
Orchards are different.
Orchards are farmland.
Orchards are full of equipment and workers who are rushing to get the crop harvested and stored.
Orchards are laden with fruits and the harvest lies full and ripe upon the tilled earth.
Orchards are the major local industry.
Orchards are wooded areas.
Orchards become shopping and retail centers, and alfalfa fields become subdivisions.
Orchards blossom with spring sweetness.
Orchards contain apple trees.
Orchards contain trees.
Orchards grow pome and stone fruits, citrus and berries.
Orchards have trees that are spaced uniformly.
Orchards produce crops such as macadamia nuts and avocados.
Orchards provide opportunities to pick peaches, berries and apples.
Orchards require maintenance.
Many orchards are in the same situation regarding scab.
Many orchards have fruit stands where fresh fruit and home baking can be bought.
Many orchards provide full farm markets and special activities during the fall.
Most orchards are in isolated rural areas with access only over poor roads.
Most orchards are on slopes near lakes.
Most orchards contain apple trees.
Most orchards contain trees.
Most orchards have oiled once so far, so egg deposition is light to moderate.
Most orchards remain remarkably clean, considering the pressure from first-generation adults.
Most orchards require maintenance.
Some orchards are suitable for long term storage.
Some orchards have the facilities to store, grade and pack all their own fruit.
Some orchards produce truffles.
Some orchards protect trees.
Some orchards require input.
Some orchards show symptoms.
Orchestra conductors lead orchestras and bands.
Orchestra conductors live three to seven years longer than is usual in their societies.
Orchestra enrollment is by audition only.
Orchestra instruction is offered beginning in the fourth grade continuing through high school.
All orchestra instruments are to be amplified and fed to the central quad board.
Orchestra level is accessible.
Most orchestra librarians begin their musical training as performers.
Orchestra management is business, but in Russia, circumstances in business are bad.
Orchestra management refuses to comment on any of the candidates.
Some orchestra members take a personal interest in developing young talent.
Orchestra music scratches from a transistor radio.
An orchestra pit is an area
Orchestra pit can be exciting in more ways than one Go to story.
Orchestra pit follows curve of the front of the stage, consult ground plans for more details.
Orchestra pit is covered with cork insulated removable floor which is carpeted.
Orchestra pit is equipped with a lift.
Orchestra pit takes shape.
Orchestra pits are areas.
Orchestra pits are located in auditoriums.
Orchestra pits are located in butts.
Orchestra pits are located in concert halls.
Orchestra pits are located in opera houses.
Orchestra pits are located in operas.
Orchestra pits are located in theatres.
Orchestra pits are part of theaters.
Orchestra pits are used for music.
Orchestra pits are used for musicians.
Orchestra pits have musicians.
Some orchestra pits are part of theaters.
Some orchestra pits are part of theatres.
All orchestra placements are final.
Orchestra seats are located in auditoriums.
Orchestra seats are located in cities.
Orchestra seats are located in concert halls.
Orchestra seats are located in orchestra pits.
Orchestra seats are located in orchestras.
Orchestra seats are located in theaters.
Orchestra seats are located in theatres.
All orchestra seats are fine.
All orchestra seats provide a good view, but the mezzanines are far back.
Orchestra sections meet separately to work out difficulties in their parts.
All orchestra students perform in a minimum of four concerts throughout the year.
An orchestra is a musical group
Orchestra isa organization.
Orchestras are a small world.
Orchestras are ensembles.
Orchestras are good for local economies.
Orchestras are in jeopardy of folding because musicians want their pay increased.
Orchestras are located in operas.
Orchestras are part of theaters.
Orchestras are seating.
Orchestras are too latched on to playing repertoire that's a hundred years old.
Orchestras contribute more to their community than fine concert music.
Orchestras Get the scoop on the approaching orchestral season.
Orchestras have many people.
Orchestras offer students a chance to perform music with bigger sounds and more harmonies.
Orchestras play surrounding an immense interior.
Orchestras really do.
Orchestras traditionally love to play Stephens.
Orchestras use just four clarinets.
Orchestras often appoint their conductors for long contract periods.
Orchestras often have 'section rehearsal's or 'sectional's.
Orchestras usually conjure up images of tuxedo-clad men, women in black dresses and violins.
All orchestras are open by audition to students in Nashville and surrounding communities.
All orchestras have string sections.
All orchestras perform in three concerts at the school each year.
Every orchestra has a fair number of married couples or other close relationships.
Every orchestra needs a bassoonist, and there aren t enough to go round.
Every orchestra needs a conductor to keep things moving at the right tempo.
Many orchestras can retain legal counsel of choice.
Many orchestras make either audio or television recordings.
Many orchestras offer family concerts.
Most orchestras have a tuba now.
Most orchestras use three or four timpani of varying sizes.
Orchestral accompaniment comes next.
Orchestral audiences tend to be older folks, but a younger crowd can be gotten into the seats.
Orchestral bombast fills the air.
Orchestral concerts call for reflective surfaces that increase sound's reverberation time.
Orchestral excerpts are also acceptable.
Orchestral instruments warm up for jazz.
All orchestral instruments are welcome.
Orchestral intensities alternate with stillnesses that crackle with the harp, chimes and triangle.
Orchestral managers can update their information using the administration page.
Orchestral material is only available on hire.
Orchestral music is evidence of that.
Orchestral music is expensive to produce.
Orchestral music is featured alongside ensemble and solo pieces.
Orchestral music is preferred.
Orchestral performance is the synthesis of mental, physical, aural, visual, and emotive pursuits.
Orchestral pop is a thing to be savored.
Orchestral scholarships are also available for non-music majors.
Orchestral sounds offer a good variety of strings, horns and woodwinds.
An orchestration is an arrangement
Orchestration becomes more varied and colorful, with esp.
Orchestration is an act which focuses on the combining or arranging of sound in a harmonious manner.
Orchestration is available.
Orchestration is the art of writing music for the orchestra.
Orchestration replaces the synthesized keyboard bits of the previous effort.
Orchestrations are arrangements.
Orchestrations are fine, but melodically tunes are very mediocre.
Orchestration often has a programmatic origin.
Orchid bees pollinate orchids.
Orchid bees visit flowers.
Orchid bees visit plants.
Most orchid bees pollinate orchids.
An orchid cactus is a cactus
Orchid cactus go through natural growth cycles in the spring and again in the fall.
Orchid flowers are among the most beautiful in the plant world.
Orchid flowers are beautiful to say the least.
Orchid flowers exhibit characteristics associated with more advanced species.
Orchid flowers supply nectar, oils, and perfume for bees, flies, and butterflies.
Orchid flowers to attract certain insects.
Orchid flowers to attract insects.
Orchid flowers to attract pollinate insects.
Many orchid flowers have fragrances that it emits.
Some orchid flowers bloom for one week to up to four months depending on the species.
Some orchid flowers have a slippery surface.
Some orchid flowers look like moth wings.
Some orchid flowers look like wings.
Orchid Island is surrounded by coral reefs and features several recommended dive sites.
Orchid mantises have habits.
Most orchid mantises are white, but there is also a pink to purplish colour morph.
Most orchid mantises have habits.
Orchid plants have stems.
Orchid plants produce aerial roots.
Orchid plants produce many aerial roots.
Orchid plants produce roots.
Some orchid trees have flowers.
An orchid is a flower
Orchid allows to be picked up and held, and is easy to put into a carrier.
Orchid growers all over the world create new shapes, colours and patterns every year.
Orchid isa angiosperm.
Orchid leaves normally are a lighter green.
Orchids abound if the time is right.
Orchids abound in the Everglades' hardwood hammocks, moist marshes, prairies and pinelands.
Orchids also have their own newsgroup, rec.garden.orchids .
Orchids also utilize insects to spread their pollen.
Orchids appreciate good air circulation from small portable fans or ceiling fans.
Orchids are a Chinese symbol for many children.
Orchids are a very good subject.
Orchids are a very large and diverse family.
Orchids are a wonderful celebration of life's beauty, and they're affordable too.
Orchids are accordingly parasites if only in the first phase of their life.
Orchids are addictive.
Orchids are also available on site.
Orchids are also easier to spot from the tramway as well.
Orchids are also one of the most adaptable plant groups on earth.
Orchids are also wonderful mimics.
Orchids are an epiphyte.
Orchids are an extremely popular flower.
Orchids are another attraction.
Orchids are another variety of epiphyte commonly adapted to home growth.
Orchids are as easy to grow houseplants.
Orchids are at peak bloom during the winter months.
Orchids are colorful flowers that live in warm areas.
Orchids are colorful flowers.
Orchids are definately the death flower.
Orchids are different from other houseplants.
Orchids are edibles.
Orchids are epiphytes that form small seeds without much storage to sustain germination and growth.
Orchids are equally as intriguing as bonsai.
Orchids are everywhere in huge piles.
Orchids are evolutionary pinnacles.
Orchids are flowers with unusual shapes, beautiful colors and a very delicate fragrance.
Orchids are flowers.
Orchids are found practically over the world.
Orchids are found throughout the country, from coastal shores to alpine herb fields.
Orchids are fragrant, elegant, and add a striking accent to any room.
Orchids are hardy plants that thrive in a variety of conditions.
Orchids are incredibly diverse.
Orchids are insect-pollinated and each flower is designed to attract a particular insect.
Orchids are just fascinating beings.
Orchids are just very slow-moving animals.
Orchids are known for their beauty and strong fragrance.
Orchids are located in homes.
Orchids are masters of deception.
Orchids are monocots.
Orchids are monocotyledonous plants and have two different types of growth structures.
Orchids are much-loved by gardeners, but often thought to be too difficult for most gardeners.
Orchids are native to every continent, though most occur in the tropics.
Orchids are native to most regions of the world.
Orchids are nature's meta-flowers, improvising on what has come before.
Orchids are no exception.
Orchids are no exceptions.
Orchids are no more difficult to grow than many popular flowering plants.
Orchids are of much less consequence on the ranges of North America.
Orchids are one of the largest and most diverse groups of plants.
Orchids are one of the largest and oldest families of plants in the world.
Orchids are one of the largest plant families - numbering in the tens of thousands.
Orchids are one of the many prized flowers of the rain forest.
Orchids are one of the most developed of all monocotyledons .
Orchids are one of the oldest types of flowering plants on earth.
Orchids are one variety of epiphyte commonly adapted to home growth.
Orchids are orchids.
Orchids are parasites in nature as they grow on wild trees and dead trees.
Orchids are parasites.
Orchids are plants that people can have in their homes, year round, regardless of climate.
Orchids are plants.
Orchids are portable because they grow in pots or baskets.
Orchids are portable.
Orchids are quite frequent in the bogs of the north woods of Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Orchids are rare, yet everywhere.
Orchids are really a pleasure to grow and maintain here in Laredo.
Orchids are seducers.
Orchids are sensitive to light.
Orchids are sheer beauty, stunning flowers amidst the lush foliage of verdant conservatory plants.
Orchids are simply stunning.
Orchids are sold by availability only, prices are subject to change.
Orchids are some of the most beautiful plants in the world.
Orchids are susceptible to a number of insect and disease problems.
Orchids are the largest flowering plant family in the world.
Orchids are the largest group of plants in the world containing many species.
Orchids are the most fascinating plants in the world.
Orchids are the most successful epiphytes of the tropical rainforest.
Orchids are ugly plants with fantastically beautiful blossoms.
Orchids are unique because they are considered more of a specialty type of flower.
Orchids are very good at being orchids.
Orchids are very hardy.
Orchids are very old plants.
Orchids are very sexy plants.
Orchids are very well-adapted to life in the canopy.
Orchids are white.
Orchids are yellow.
Orchids are, however, often epiphytic with conspicuous adventitious roots .
Orchids associated with coniferous forests, including ladies tresses, also grow here.
Orchids attract ants.
Orchids attract male wasps.
Orchids attract wasps.
Orchids being a well known cutflower and pot plant in the globe certainly appetises any newcomer.
Orchids belong to the class of monocotyledons, which includes lilies, palms, grasses, and amaryllis.
Orchids bloom seasonally, usually once a year.
Orchids can also be amazing mimics.
Orchids can also interchange their habitat depending on the circumstances it finds itself in.
Orchids can be a hobby or a passion.
Orchids can be very small and very big.
Orchids can enthrall.
Orchids can have single flower or racemose inflorescence.
Orchids can provide a fresh look to any environment.
Orchids clothe the stems of trees and gigantic climbers smother their heads.
Orchids come in all colors but black.
Orchids come out of each.
Orchids Come to know all about orchid growers globally, orchid societies and related sites.
Orchids compose the largest family of flowering plants in the world.
Orchids comprise one of the most abundant and varied of flowering plant families.
Orchids do best if provided with air movement.
Orchids do come in blue flower now.
Orchids enjoy a similar affiliation.
Orchids excel at spinning off new species.
Orchids fall into two categories, species and hybrids.
Orchids flourish in most climates with help from bees, hummingbirds, moths and humans.
Orchids form small seeds without much storage to sustain germination and growth.
Orchids gain access by growing on branches or trunks of tall trees.
Orchids generally are light feeders but like to be fed consistantly.
Orchids generally come from environments where dappled light is the norm.
Orchids generally prefer to dry out well between waterings.
Orchids get nutrients.
Orchids get sunlight.
Orchids go native.
Orchids go through asexual reproduction.
Orchids go through reproduction.
Orchids grace the showcases all year around.
Orchids grow by the acre and the coffee is ranked premium gourmet.
Orchids grow during summer.
Orchids grow in regions.
Orchids grow in several different ways.
Orchids grow in shades.
Orchids grow in the trees.
Orchids grow in the tropic and sub-tropic climate zones.
Orchids grow on all of the islands and there are many varieties.
Orchids grow on every continent except Antarctica.
Orchids grow on other plants in humid climates.
Orchids grow on tree branches, trunks or rocks.
Orchids grow on trees, in the ground or in the home.
Orchids grow on trees.
Orchids grow slowly compared to houseplants.
Orchids grow wild in the woods.
Orchids hang from lush tree branches, while cobras hide in the underbrush.
Orchids have (part) blossoms.
Orchids have (part) carpels.
Orchids have (part) cell membranes.
Orchids have (part) cells.
Orchids have (part) corpi.
Orchids have (part) cytoplasm.
Orchids have (part) flowers.
Orchids have (part) nuclei.
Orchids have (part) ovaries.
Orchids have (part) perianths.
Orchids have (part) plasma membranes.
Orchids have (part) sections.
Orchids have (part) stamens.
Orchids have (part) vacuoles.
Orchids have a magical beauty and allure, with incredible colors, shapes, and scents.
Orchids have a reputation for being fussy plants.
Orchids have a symbiotic relationship with fungi that live in their roots, called mycorrhiza .
Orchids have a symmetry similar to human faces.
Orchids have aerial roots.
Orchids have amazing ability of hybridization.
Orchids have bases.
Orchids have bloomeds.
Orchids have fascinating foliage during winter months.
Orchids have fascinating sex lives.
Orchids have hairy roots.
Orchids have inferior ovaries.
Orchids have leaves.
Orchids have ovaries.
Orchids have requirements.
Orchids have roots.
Orchids have seeds.
Orchids have some of the most immodest and outrageous flowers in the plant kingdom.
Orchids have specific requirements.
Orchids have specific soil requirements.
Orchids have stamens.
Orchids have succulent leaves.
Orchids have two main ways of growing.
Orchids have very varied blooming habits.
Orchids Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Orchids is a discussion that uses an interactive web page to communicate.
Orchids know how to pray.
Orchids like to be pot bound.
Orchids like to be quite confined in the pot so always choose a suitably sized container.
Orchids live in almost every corner of Ecuador.
Orchids live in the canopy, rather than on the ground.
Orchids live in very wet climates where there is a lot of rainfall.
Orchids lose leaves.
Orchids love being behind curtains or window blinds.
Orchids love humidity.
Orchids love it.
Orchids love to send roots out looking for things to attach to.
Orchids obtain water.
Orchids occur in regions.
Orchids occur, however, in habitats as varied as one can imagine, many wintering under ice and snow.
Orchids originate in diverse habitats, from tree tops in full sun to shaded swamps.
Orchids prefer fairly high humidity, but they are paradoxically averse to excess water.
Orchids present features.
Orchids present unique features.
Orchids presents originals without becoming trendy.
Orchids produce aerial roots.
Orchids produce flowers.
Orchids produce hundreds of thousands of seeds.
Orchids produce millions of dust-like seeds that can be blown long distances.
Orchids produce pollen.
Orchids produce roots.
Orchids produce several millions of miniature seeds.
Orchids punctuate the green landscape with stunning fuchsia, yellow and white blooms.
Orchids reach a most bewildering diversity in the tropics and subtropics.
Orchids really appreciate good humidity.
Orchids require bright light.
Orchids require light.
Orchids require moving air.
Orchids require water.
Orchids respond to frequent feeding during the growing season.
Orchids shed leaves.
Orchids show amazing diversity in both colour and shape.
Orchids show great structural variety, especially in their modified petals or lips.
Orchids show growth.
Orchids show interesting adaptations to their habitats and pollinators.
Orchids show real growth.
Orchids suffer in hot dry heat.
Orchids take an extremely long time to develop.
Orchids take up a lot less space than cattle, and earn more money.
Orchids take very nicely to virgin cork bark and most growers purchase cork bark flats.
Orchids tend to be warm climate plants needing warmth and plenty of humidity .
Orchids tend to obtain their nourishment from the air, rain or moisture in the soil.
Orchids tend to prefer smaller pots.
Orchids thrive in a humid atmosphere.
Orchids thrive in areas.
Orchids thrive in climates.
Orchids thrive in environments.
Orchids thrive in mediterranean climates.
Orchids thrive in tropical areas.
Orchids thrive, over thirty wild species in all.
Orchids use the most fascinating strategies to promote pollination.
Orchids vary in their water requirements.
Orchids often have fleshy pods and waxy leaves which can store water.
Orchids usually have little or no endosperm in their seeds.
Orchids usually require fairly high humidity levels.
All orchids are perennial herbs and lack any permanent woody structure.
All orchids are sensitive to reduced humidity caused by artificial heat.
All orchids conform to either a sympodial or monopodial growth habit.
All orchids enjoy the air circulation found in such lofty dwellings.
All orchids have a column rather than separate stamens and pistils.
All orchids have two names.
Every orchid comes in a stylish ceramic pot.
Every orchid listed includes a color picture and a general description.
Every orchid placed in an ashtray is a vote for a tobacco free world.
Many orchids are also on display along the path edge.
Many orchids are amazingly easy to care for.
Many orchids are comfortable being root-bound.
Many orchids are endangered, mostly due to habitat destruction and over-collection.
Many orchids are in bloom towards the end of the month.
Many orchids are rewarding indoor plants.
Many orchids grow up quickly in the cool, cloudy rainforest of the Big Island.
Many orchids have a unique way of reproducing.
Many orchids respond to fire by flowering.
Many orchids take five to seven years to mature to flowering.
More orchids are killed by incorrect watering than by any other reason.
More orchids die through kindness than negelect.
Most orchid potting media provide support only, and have little or no food value.
Most orchids also grow in shady conditions as epiphytes in the understorey.
Most orchids are epiphytic.
Most orchids are perennial herbs, arising annually from rhizomes, tubers or thickened rootstocks.
Most orchids are pollinated by insects, just like other flowers and trees.
Most orchids are very long-lived plants with extremely poor germination and juvenile survival.
Most orchids are very long-lived.
Most orchids attract ants.
Most orchids attract male wasps.
Most orchids attract wasps.
Most orchids get nutrients.
Most orchids get sunlight.
Most orchids go through asexual reproduction.
Most orchids go through reproduction.
Most orchids grow best in a humid environment with good aeration.
Most orchids grow during summer.
Most orchids grow in a combination of tree bark, charcoal, or pebbles.
Most orchids grow in regions.
Most orchids grow in shades.
Most orchids have aerial roots.
Most orchids have bases.
Most orchids have hairy roots.
Most orchids have inferior ovaries.
Most orchids have leaves.
Most orchids have ovaries.
Most orchids have requirements.
Most orchids have roots.
Most orchids have seeds.
Most orchids have specific requirements.
Most orchids have specific soil requirements.
Most orchids have stamens.
Most orchids have succulent leaves.
Most orchids lose leaves.
Most orchids obtain water.
Most orchids occur in regions.
Most orchids produce aerial roots.
Most orchids produce flowers.
Most orchids produce pollen.
Most orchids produce roots.
Most Orchids receive their nourishment through the air, moisture in the soil or rain.
Most orchids require bright light.
Most orchids require light.
Most orchids require none.
Most orchids require partial shade for best flowering and growth.
Most orchids require plenty of light, preferably at least six hours a day.
Most orchids require water.
Most orchids show growth.
Most orchids show real growth.
Most orchids thrive in a warm environment.
Most orchids thrive in areas.
Most orchids thrive in climates.
Most orchids thrive in environments.
Most orchids thrive in mediterranean climates.
Most orchids thrive in tropical areas.
Most orchids try to prevent cross-pollination between different species to keep their own identity.
Some orchids also benefit from being misted.
Some orchids also have the capacity for self-pollination.
Some orchids are already extinct in the wild.
Some orchids are easier to grow than others.
Some orchids are epiphytes and others grow in the soil.
Some Orchids are epiphytes and some are terrestrial.
Some orchids are lithophytes which means that they grow on rocks.
Some orchids attract pollinating insects by scents that are sexual attractants.
Some orchids benefit from being placed outdoors for the summer.
Some orchids bloom once a year while others bloom several times a year, and some bloom continuously.
Some orchids can be heavy feeders.
Some orchids can be massive when fully grown and are best placed in a greenhouse.
Some orchids can tolerate more abuse than common houseplants and still bloom.
Some orchids come from families.
Some orchids come from the deep jungles.
Some orchids develop patterns.
Some orchids die after flowers.
Some orchids emit a sweet, pleasing fragrance at certain times of the day.
Some orchids find in rainforests.
Some orchids find in tropical rainforests.
Some orchids go to the extreme of false advertising.
Some orchids grow as epiphytes.
Some orchids grow in environments.
Some orchids grow in homes.
Some orchids grow in mixture.
Some orchids grow in the ground and are known as terrestrial.
Some orchids grow on trees.
Some orchids have ability.
Some orchids have air.
Some orchids have differences.
Some orchids have layers.
Some orchids have lobes.
Some orchids have natural stimuli.
Some orchids have no smell, while others have spicy or offensive scents.
Some orchids have pleasant fragrances.
Some orchids have sepals.
Some orchids have stimuli.
Some orchids have underground tubers , which are swollen roots used by plants for storing food .
Some orchids have underground tubers, which are swollen roots used by plants for storing food.
Some orchids have very special ways of pollination .
Some orchids have very special ways of pollination.
Some orchids look like female insects.
Some orchids offer considerable diversity.
Some orchids offer diversity.
Some orchids parasitize first fungus, and have to establish new association to live longer.
Some orchids rely on certain insects.
Some orchids rely on insects.
Some orchids require moderate shade and others thrive in full sunlight.
Some orchids require pots.
Some orchids take advantage.
Some orchids thrive at cooler temperatures.
Some orchids use for industrial purposes.
Some orchids use for purposes.
Orchidland roads are our main concern.
An orchiectomy is ablation
Orchiectomy is a relatively simple surgery that is usually performed as an outpatient procedure.
Orchiectomy is a routine surgical procedure that usually has no long-term complications.
Ordained ministers perform a paternal role in the Family of God.
Ordained ministers share in the common ministry of all believers.
Ordained ministry is simply one kind of call and vocation.
Ordained officers differ from other members in function only.
Ordained people are like big brothers and sisters to laypeople and offer great comfort to laypeople.
An ordeal is experience
Ordeal is only one way to bring friends together, the other way is through competition.
Ordeals are experience.
Ordeals are trials.
Ordeals cover different aspects of the club.
Ordeals Offer a ritual more difficult to do than the positive behavior hoped for.
All ordeals are steps to success in the Great Work of Initiation.
Orders of protection are available in same sex relationships as well as heterosexual relationships.
Orders of protection are strong.
Orders of protection carry strict penalties if they are violated.
Order is a command
Order is artistic style.
Order is commands.
Order is magnitudes.
Order is organizations.
Order is part of classes.
Order is requests.
Order is rules.
Order is sect.
Order is states.
Order isa group.
Orders accepted by fax, call first.
Orders accompanied by a bank or postal money order receive same day shipment.
Orders accompanied by personal checks are subject to delay pending bank clearance.
Orders also can indicate the period for which they are valid, e.g., a day, a week or until canceled.
Orders also come from technical schools that are holding jewellery design courses.
Orders also have a shipping charge.
Orders appear in price-time priority.
Orders appropriate diagnostic studies and interprets data.
Orders appropriate diagnostic tests and interprets results.
Orders are all secured.
Orders are all subject to library availability.
Orders are already in hand for both rifles.
Orders are always welcome.
Orders are as follows.
Orders are available via credit card, both internationally and within the United States.
Orders are available.
Orders are batch-processed usually within a week of being placed.
Orders are binding on the defendant and the superior court that imposed the sentence.
Orders are brisk, according to the company.
Orders are by full case only.
Orders are by mail only.
Orders are by the case only and require a deposit at time of ordering.
Orders are carefully packaged and are filled with merchandise in good condition.
Orders are completely secure.
Orders are confidential.
Orders are correct, shipped quickly, and have a fixed shipping rate.
Orders are custom-sized to customers' needs.
Orders are divided into families.
Orders are down because room assignments went out late.
Orders are down sharply.
Orders are drop-shipped directly to the end user's site.
Orders are due on or before the ad reservation deadline.
Orders are easy to place and modify by the customer with the convenience of virtual shopping carts.
Orders are easy with secure on-line credit card processing.
Orders are f.o.b.
Orders are filled on a first come, first serve basis and can be paid by cash, check or credit card.
Orders are filled on a first come, first serve basis until the supply of seedlings is exhausted.
Orders are filled on a first come, first serve basis.
Orders are final and binding under the law.
Orders are final, no return or refunds.
Orders are final.
Orders are flat for heavy construction equipment.
Orders are for a culture and sensitivity, cell count, protein, and sugar.
Orders are for continental U.S. only.
Orders are for immediate shipment only.
Orders are generous.
Orders are good for delivery in Singapore only.
Orders are hand processed and adjustments are made at that time .
Orders are handled on a first come, first serve basis.
Orders are immediate.
Orders are immediately enforceable by law enforcement agencies.
Orders are in U.S. dollars, shipping continental U.S. only.
Orders are just as easily lost due to overspecifying.
Orders are laser printed from a disc or other databases.
Orders are likely to take at least four months to process from receipt of application.
Orders are limited to California residents only.
Orders are limited to one pamphlet per person.
Orders are limited to one per address.
Orders are limited to quantities on hand.
Orders are limited to two orders per month.
Orders are limited to two per customer.
Orders are limited to two trainloads per customer.
Orders are limited to USA and Canadian user group members only.
Orders are necessarily large, and lead times can run from two to four months.
Orders are non-cancelable as of the day prior to shipment or surgery.
Orders are non-refundable unless text is missing or illegible.
Orders are non-refundable.
Orders are non-returnable once processed.
Orders are non-returnable once they have been processed.
Orders are normally next day delivery.
Orders are on a first come basis.
Orders are on a first come first serve basis while supplies last.
Orders are orders.
Orders are payable by cash, cheque or credit card at the time of pickup.
Orders are payable by check or money order in U.S. dollars.
Orders are payable in advance.
Orders are payable using check or money order, sorry no credit card orders.
Orders are possible by phone and mail.
Orders are prepared to buyers' specifications.
Orders are printed in house.
Orders are processed on a first come, first serve basis.
Orders are processed six days a week, however there is no shipping on weekends or holidays.
Orders are processes upon receipt.
Orders are ready the following week and can be picked up in person or mailed directly.
Orders are rising, pricing is firm, and the company has a strong backlog of orders.
Orders are seamlessly routed to suppliers and payment is done automatically.
Orders are secure and a major credit card is required.
Orders are secure.
Orders are semi-truck load or larger.
Orders are shipped on business days only.
Orders are shipped the same day received and three fast shipping options are available.
Orders are slow and some white-collar workers have been laid off, souring the atmosphere.
Orders are smaller groups within the different classes.
Orders are soft.
Orders are still active and creating very good resources.
Orders are subject to a consultation process.
Orders are subject to a handling fee to offset packaging costs.
Orders are subject to acceptance and availability.
Orders are subject to acceptance.
Orders are subject to approval .
Orders are subject to approval.
Orders are subject to availability and credit policy.
Orders are subject to availability at the time they are received.
Orders are subject to availability of stocks on a 'first come first serve' basis.
Orders are subject to availability, and prices are subject to change.
Orders are subject to availability, and valid for shipment to end users only.
Orders are subject to availability.
Orders are subject to credit approval and product availability.
Orders are subject to manufacturer approval.
Orders are subject to prior purchase.
Orders are subject to product availability.
Orders are subject to reverfication before shipment.
Orders are subject to sales tax and a small shipping charge.
Orders are subject to shipping charges and applicable taxes.
Orders are subject to stock on hand.
Orders are subject to terms and conditions listed below.
Orders are subject to verification and acceptance before shipping.
Orders are taken via PDAs, and wirelessly networked to the kitchen.
Orders are then hand-delivered to the customer's desired location at the time of their choosing.
Orders are through a secure server.
Orders are to be paid in full before shipping or at delivery.
Orders are to be placed by telephone.
Orders are to be placed with the approved dealer network given below.
Orders are to be prepaid by bankcard.
Orders are to be pre-paid via money order, bank check or personal check.
Orders are to be prepaid.
Orders are to be shipped within two days of reproduction completion.
Orders are to cease firing for the present.
Orders are to lash up and stow every mobile object to prepare for our unpredictable crossing.
Orders are traceable.
Orders Are Usually Shipped Within Two Days.
Orders are valid only for that particular evening's session.
Orders are via a toll free phone number.
Orders are via secure servers for fraud protection.
Orders are welcome by phone, fax or email.
Orders are welcome from overseas traders, purchasers and suppliers .
Orders are welcome.
Orders arrive after a fixed and known lead time.
Orders arrive after approximately one week.
Orders arrive at their destination within two days.
Orders arrive by fax, e-mail and website.
Orders arrive by phone or email or snail-mail.
Orders arrive within minutes by email.
Orders begin with the first issue and are filled as each issue is published.
Orders blare from the loudspeakers, hurried automobiles dash here and there.
Orders break by cube and are selected using the Z pick method.
Orders can also be custom folded to form leaflets or booklets.
Orders can also include patent and conference proceedings.
Orders can be by mail, fax or e-mail and payment by credit card.
Orders can be e-mailed directly.
Orders can be e-mailed, faxed or even telephoned in.
Orders can be for different days of the week for different productions.
Orders can be gift wrapped at no additional charge, please ask.
Orders can be made on any sheet of paper provided the proper information is included.
Orders can be mixed or consist of a single item.
Orders can be mixed.
Orders can be partially received, the balance remains outstanding.
Orders can be place by phone or fax as well.
Orders can be rush processed under special circumstances.
Orders can be send anywhere.
Orders can be so large that products become commoditized.
Orders can be to go.
Orders can begin when measurements are complete.
Orders can change at a moment's notice.
Orders can contain different types of terminology.
Orders can even be gift-wrapped with an attached message and shipped anywhere in the world.
Orders can never receive duplicate services, even after crashes.
Orders can no longer be taken online, please download the pdf application form .
Orders can only be for on campus residents or employees.
Orders can only include items that are to be charged directly to the department's account.
Orders can take four to six weeks, or more if there is a delivery problem.
Orders can take several working days before shipping.
Orders can take up to four months, occasionally longer.
Orders can take up to several days but usually take less.
Orders can then be uploaded, via either modem or direct hookup, to the main system.
Orders change through the automated banking system.
Orders changes in fuel supply, load, route, or schedule to ensure safety of flight.
Orders changes in fuel supply, load, route, or schedule to insure safety of flight.
Orders charged on credit cards can have the freight charges charged at time of shipment.
Orders come for the army to move east.
Orders come from a registered user.
Orders come from the top.
Orders come in as electronic files and are immediately picked, packed and shipped.
Orders come in by phone and mail.
Orders come in from all over the country during the holidays.
Orders come in with all of the information needed.
Orders come to the law library via the firm's email system, by telephone and in-person requests.
Orders come to the new facility from a mainframe system located in suburban Chicago.
Orders come with a cookbook and a can opener.
Orders come with complete instructions for the care of the plants and flowers.
Orders come with complete planting instructions.
Orders come with free deposit slips, a vinyl cover and check register.
Orders concerning the bringing in of the captains and chief engineers still stand.
Orders conform to the following unless noted.
Orders consist of multiple commodities in specific quantities.
Orders containing shoes and boots are subject to a shipping surcharge.
Orders denying arbitration in embedded proceedings are immediately appealable.
Orders denying petitions for compensation or expenses are final.
Orders denying pretrial motions to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction are appealable as of right.
Orders depend upon a careful and delicate balancing of a variety of interests and of problems.
Orders diplomas for current graduate and undergraduate degree candidates.
Orders disposing of petitions have the same status as other authority orders.
Orders exceeding the maximum quantity require clients to place additional trades to complete orders.
Orders feed deliveries and technical supplies necessary.
Orders fill in days.
Orders filled by brand, each brand contains various models.
Orders flow in and the coins jingle, leaving behind a mountain of monedas in the kiosko.
Orders flow quickly.
Orders follow a unique shipping schedule.
Orders generally take from one to three weeks to ship.
Orders generally take six to nine weeks for regular ordering and processing.
Orders generate charges.
Orders go by surface mail.
Orders go directly to several pits for instant execution.
Orders go directly to the floor.
Orders go from top to bottom.
Orders go out on a routine basis and items show as back ordered from our supply depot.
Orders go out the same day if the flies are in stock.
Orders go to schools or organized youth programs only.
Orders go unfilled.
Orders granting summary judgment are subject to de novo review.
Orders have the force of law when signed by the judge.
Orders have to be carefully checked before despatch.
Orders have to be issued within an established timeframe.
Orders have to be picked efficiently, with special attention to produce.
Orders have to be placed at least two weeks in advance to insure timely delivery.
Orders have to be prepaid.
Orders have to be processed by hand.
Orders have to be shipped to the billing address.
Orders have top priority.
Orders indicate a big interest in alfalfa hay and grass straw.
Orders involving children take longer to process by at least a couple of weeks.
Orders involving discovery matters are ordinarily within the trial court's discretion.
Orders involving new games require longer to obtain the games.
Orders is a sample order entry and invoicing system.
Orders is orders.
Orders leave our site on the following business day.
Orders leave our site on the next business day after they are processed.
Orders Listen to new tracks and new artists from around the world.
Orders lunches for administrative meetings.
Orders mean profit.
Orders mean revenue.
Orders modify, suspend, or revoke licenses or require specific actions by licensees or persons.
Orders mundo del free, shipping superb coffees very caf referral barnies.
Orders normally arrive at the shop within one or two weeks.
Orders normally ship by the next business day.
Orders normally ship on the next business day.
Orders normally ship the following or same business day.
Orders normally ship the same day that they are received.
Orders normally ship within one or two days.
Orders normally take an average of one to two weeks.
Orders now show up on a video screen inside the kitchen.
Orders objects by weight form lighter to heavier.
Orders objects into a descendant tree view.
Orders occur during good times, but planes often come in right when demand starts to falter.
Orders occur in widely different climates and can show major profile differences.
Orders once placed are non refundable.
Orders only become legally binding after they have been confirmed in writing by the publisher.
Orders orderid , orderid . .
Orders originate from California subject to stock on hand.
Orders paid by check are welcome but obviously slower.
Orders paid by check ship within ten business days, all others ship within two business days.
Orders paid by cheque are only available for USA and Canada.
Orders paid by personal check require longer processing time.
Orders paid with credit card without cardholder signature require proof of delivery.
Orders placed are subject to available stock on hand.
Orders placed before midnight are available for pick-up or delivery the next day.
Orders placed before noon generally have same day shipping.
Orders placed by internet or by phone receive the same priority handling.
Orders placed during normal business hours can expect delivery the same day.
Orders placed in bulk receive substantial discounts, please call for more information.
Orders placed on account are subject to credit approval and verification.
Orders placed on weekends and holidays usually ship the next business day.
Orders pour in daily and without coming across as too boastful, sales are at an all time high.
Orders prepaid by check or credit card have no shipping charge.
Orders produce an ontological or real change in the one ordained.
Orders produce daily as required.
Orders range from one small box to large metal shipboard containers.
Orders received by noon eastern time often ship the same day.
Orders recieve priority, and are usually processed the same day.
Orders relating to life insurance and retirement plans are common.
Orders remain strong for steel and other types of capital goods, however.
Orders reprints of articles from publishers and forwards to requestors.
Orders require a minimum four weeks advance notice.
Orders require a minimum of six products.
Orders require a two-day notice.
Orders require advance payment by check or money order .
Orders require advance payment.
Orders require one or two business days to process.
Orders require payment in advance.
Orders require pre-payment.
Orders require special handling.
Orders require valid contact information in order to be processed.
Orders requiring multiple packages are subject to additional charges, if required.
Orders requiring shipment outside the USA and Canada require special shipping and handling.
Orders say the island.
Orders Send electronic copy of orders list to members.
Orders ship next business day.
Orders ship the first of every month.
Orders shipped are subject to an applicable tax of California.
Orders shipped outside the USA and Canada require an additional shipping and handling charge.
Orders shipped outside the USA are subject to additional tariffs, customs charges, import taxes etc.
Orders show order number, date, and action prescribed.
Orders show order number, date, originating unit, adjutant general's signature. and text of order.
Orders start with the customer requirements.
Orders steps to reduce injuries and deaths caused by medical errors.
Orders still have to be filled.
Orders stoke the tension in already difficult disputes.
Orders submitted by noon are generally available for next-day delivery.
Orders supplies for merchants as needed.
Orders supplies from storeroom as needed.
Orders take a long time to complete and there is absolutely no human communication.
Orders take a split second to be decrypted.
Orders take about a month to arrive.
Orders take about five minutes to complete.
Orders take approximately two weeks to process after receipt of publication request and payment.
Orders take apx.
Orders take four to six weeks to process and are mailed and billed to customer.
Orders take one to three days to create.
Orders take one to two weeks to process.
Orders take quite a while to receive.
Orders take several months to fill.
Orders take six to eight weeks.
Orders take three days.
Orders take three to four weeks for processing.
Orders take two to three weeks to process.
Orders take up to three weeks to process and ship from the time glasses are received.
Orders take worldwide.
Orders then rang out for the final advance.
Orders trim for showroom garments.
Orders typically arrive within four days.
Orders typically take three to four days for delivery once the order is shipped.
Orders typically take two to five weeks for delivery once the order is shipped.
Orders upload to a PC and transmit via the Internet or a modem to a store or fulfillment center.
Orders Use the buttons above to print order forms.
Orders vary in dress, purpose, and rule, but all follow the same basic principles.
Orders vary in the stipulation of vows, some being permanent and others for fixed periods.
Orders welcome by fax or over the phone good discounts available.
Orders welcome by post, telephone or email as well as by using the on-line secure shop.
Orders welcome for any title published from anywhere in India.
Orders welcome from doll enthusiasts everywhere.
Orders welcome from international visitor with relatives within our delivery area.
Orders welcome online, and by phone, fax and e-mail.
Orders welcome via e-mail request, direct contact or secure server .
Orders Write all data and voice orders statewide to the vendors.
Orders often arrive in three weeks or less, some countries, please allow up to six to eigth weeks.
Orders sometimes go awry if they are sent to an incorrect e-mail address.
Orders usually arrive within a day of ordering.
Orders usually go out within a week of confirmation.
Orders usually ship by the next business day, pending order verification.
Orders usually ship by the next business day, unless otherwise noted.
Orders usually ship in one week or less.
Orders usually ship the next business day after being placed.
Orders usually ship the next day.
Orders usually ship the same day upon funds receipt in our bank account.
Orders usually ship the same or next business day.
Orders usually ship within five days.
Orders usually ship within one week.
Orders usually ship within three business days.
Orders usually ship within two business days.
Orders usually take one to three weeks from the time payment is received.
Orders usually take three to six weeks to fill.
Orders usually take two to three weeks from time of payment received.
All orders usually ship within one business day.
All orders add shipping and handling.
All orders add shipping.
All orders also ship from Maryland.
All orders are a prescribed format by jurisdiction, active voters only.
All orders are always plus shipping and handling.
All orders are at the buyers risk once they leave More Music.
All orders are available for pick-up or delivery.
All orders are available for take-out.
All orders are available to go and there is an express drive-up window.
All orders are available with white or pastel yellow paper.
All orders are being send by certified mail which requires a signature at delivery.
All orders are bulk, no bar code or label.
All orders are by email and are paid for in advance by credit card.
All orders are by mail.
All orders are carefully packed and fully insulated to guard against damage during shipment.
All orders are cash in advance unless prior terms are established.
All orders are complete when shipped.
All orders are completely confidential .
All orders are completely secure and safe, and guaranteed.
All orders are confidential.
All orders are consolidated and loaded from a refrigerated dock.
All orders are custom designed for the customer.
All orders are custom loaded.
All orders are custom made and confidential.
All orders are custom made and non-refundable unless prior arrangements are made.
All orders are custom manufactured and usually ship the following business day.
All orders are custom orders.
All orders are custom.
All orders are custom-made and available in six colors.
All orders are day orders unless otherwise specified.
All orders are deemed accepted upon delivery to the indicated shipping address.
All orders are dependent upon availability and require all of the above information to be processed.
All orders are dependent upon availability.
All orders are dependent upon issue availability.
All orders are different.
All orders are discreet, anonymous, and guaranteed, and shipped in plain brown boxes .
All orders are dispatched the following working day from our UK warehouse.
All orders are downloads unless othewise noted.
All orders are drop-shipped directly from our suppliers as long as they are in stock.
All orders are due and payable upon receipt of merchandise.
All orders are e-mailed at no extra cost.
All orders are filled on a first come, first serve basis.
All orders are final .
All orders are final and non-cancelable.
All orders are final and non-refundable.
All orders are final and there are no exchanges or refunds.
All orders are final once the customer pushes the ''submit'' button on their computer.
All orders are final sales.
All orders are final with no changes or refunds.
All orders are final, No refunds, except in the following cases.
All orders are final.
All Orders are final.
All Orders are Final.
All orders are firm sale.
All orders are for download or delivery.
All orders are for immediate delivery.
All orders are for pickup only .
All orders are for whole bags only.
All orders are free of deilivery charges.
All orders are freight paid in the United States.
All orders are from our secure server.
All orders are fully trackable through our despatch database.
All orders are gift-wrapped and include a cute card addressed to the lucky recipient.
All orders are give full faith and credit and all arrears are collected under all known orders.
All orders are Guaranteed satisfaction .
All orders are guaranteed satisfaction.
All orders are hand-packed in insulated cartons with ice packs.
All orders are immediately available for download after purchase.
All orders are in Canadian funds only .
All orders are in complete and stricktest confidence at all times.
All orders are in stock and shipped the same day.
All orders are inconspicuously packaged and can easily fit into a postal box.
All orders are limited to no more than ten cartons.
All orders are market orders.
All orders are name and address verified.
All orders are net cost plus shipping.
All orders are non-cancelable.
All orders are non-cancellable after closing date of issue.
All orders are noncancellable and nonreturnable.
All orders are non-cancellable.
All orders are non-refundable.
All orders are non-returnable.
All orders are on a firm sale basis only.
All orders are on a first come first serve basis.
All orders are on a first come first served basis.
All orders are on a pre-paid basis.
All orders are on referral only of a health care provider.
All orders are over a secured server.
All orders are paid for in advance and Live arrival is guaranteed.
All orders are payable before shipping.
All orders are payable in advance, either by check or credit card.
All orders are payable in advance, in Canadian currency.
All orders are payable in advance.
All orders are payable in Australian dollars in advance.
All orders are payable in U.S. dollars.
All orders are payable in U.S. funds only.
All orders are payable in U.S. funds.
All orders are payable in United States Dollars.
All orders are payable upon receipt unless prior arrangements are made.
All orders are plus postage.
All orders are postage paid inside the united states.
All orders are postage paid.
All orders are postpaid.
All orders are pre-pay.
All orders are process on a daily basis.
All orders are processed by hand - so sometimes there is a delay.
All orders are responsible for the discipline of heavenly in their order.
All orders are RUSH .
All orders are safe and secure.
All orders are safe, secure and discreet.
All orders are secure and protected against fraud.
All orders are secure and protected.
All orders are secure and safe.
All orders are secure transactions.
All orders are secure.
All orders are securely packed and carefully inspected.
All Orders are Securely Processed.
All orders are shipped with delivery confirmation.
All orders are shipped within seven days of receipt, provided correct information is supplied.
All orders are special orders.
All orders are specialty wrapped so gifts can be presented as is.
All orders are still on a prepaid basis.
All orders are strictly confidential.
All orders are studio-direct.
All orders are subject to a minimal mastering charge.
All orders are subject to a re shipping fee.
All orders are subject to a re-shipping fee.
All orders are subject to a seven day approval policy from date of receipt.
All orders are subject to a shipping and handling charge.
All orders are subject to acceptance and availability.
All orders are subject to acceptance by the company's office in Seattle, Washington.
All orders are subject to acceptance by the publisher.
All orders are subject to acceptance by The Service Provider.
All orders are subject to acceptance.
All orders are subject to applicable sales tax and shipping and handling charges.
All orders are subject to approval at the time of receipt at Horizon Designs' office.
All orders are subject to approval by our credit department.
All orders are subject to approval from the credit card company.
All orders are subject to approval.
ALL orders are subject to approval.
All orders are subject to authorization and verification.
All orders are subject to availability and all prices are subject to change.
All orders are subject to availability and are in accordance with our terms and conditions.
All orders are subject to availability and confirmation at time of order.
All orders are subject to availability and in accordance to our terms and conditions.
All orders are subject to availability and manufacturer's approval.
All orders are subject to availability and our final confirmation.
All orders are subject to availability at time of shipment.
All orders are subject to availability of items.
All orders are subject to availability of materials, components.
All orders are subject to availability of the product ordered.
All orders are subject to availability, subsequent sale, crop failure or causes beyond our control.
All orders are subject to availability.
All orders are subject to available stock.
All orders are subject to California state tax and shipping charges based on weight.
All orders are subject to confirmation of availability and delivery schedule.
All orders are subject to confirmation.
All orders are subject to course and hotel availability.
All orders are subject to credit approval, and all items are limited to supply on hand.
All orders are subject to credit approval, name and address verification and item availability.
All orders are subject to credit approval.
All orders are subject to credit authorization and address verification.
All orders are subject to credit card approval and billing address verification.
All orders are subject to credit card approval.
All orders are subject to credit card authorization and approval.
All orders are subject to credit card validation and address verification before being accepted.
All orders are subject to credit card verification.
All orders are subject to crop availability, Certain plants are available in limited supply.
All orders are subject to crop availability.
All orders are subject to crop limitations, weather, and inventory counts.
All orders are subject to curatorial approval and, where appropriate, restrictions check.
All orders are subject to current prices at the time of shipment.
All orders are subject to current pricing.
All orders are subject to delivery fees.
All orders are subject to editorial approval.
All orders are subject to English law and jurisdiction.
All orders are subject to factory acceptance.
All orders are subject to final approval before being processed.
All orders are subject to freight charges.
All orders are subject to handling charge.
All orders are subject to ingredient availability.
All orders are subject to inventory availability.
All orders are subject to job costing and are compared to the estimated values.
All orders are subject to local taxes and local delivery charge.
All orders are subject to manufacturers warranties.
All orders are subject to merchandise availability.
All orders are subject to New West approval.
All orders are subject to orderee's department's approval.
All orders are subject to our acceptance in Many, Louisiana.
All orders are subject to our approval.
All orders are subject to our full terms and conditions of sale, which are available on request.
All orders are subject to our Policies.
All orders are subject to our standard conditions of sale.
All orders are subject to our standard terms and conditions .
All orders are subject to our standard terms and conditions.
All orders are subject to our terms and conditions.
All orders are subject to our Terms and Policies.
All orders are subject to present supply of scionwood and rootstocks.
All orders are subject to price change at any time because of the nature of the music industry.
All orders are subject to prior availability.
All orders are subject to prior sale.
All orders are subject to product availability.
All orders are subject to product availabilty.
All orders are subject to publisher's approval.
All orders are subject to review.
All orders are subject to shipment costs.
All orders are subject to shipping and handling charges and applicable New York State sales tax.
All orders are subject to shipping and handling charges corresponding to the customer's location.
All orders are subject to shipping and handling charges.
All orders are subject to shipping and handling costs.
All orders are subject to shipping and handling fees.
All orders are subject to shipping charges and sales tax.
All orders are subject to space availability.
All orders are subject to space being available.
All orders are subject to stock availability.
All orders are subject to tax where applicable.
All orders are subject to tax, shipping and handling, and verification of age and delivery address.
All orders are subject to terms of rate card.
All orders are subject to the approval of the publisher.
All orders are subject to the availability of books.
All orders are subject to the following terms and conditions.
All orders are subject to the gold nuggets and findings availability.
All orders are subject to the prices as they exist at the time of receipt of order.
All orders are subject to the review and acceptance procedures.
All orders are subject to the standard shipping and handling charge.
All orders are subject to the terms set out below.
All orders are subject to verification and credit card approval.
All orders are subject to verification of membership status and discount applicability.
All orders are subject to verification of payment.
All orders are subject to verification once received.
All orders are subject to verification prior to payment of commissions.
All orders are subject to verification.
All orders are through our secure server.
All orders are to be co-signed by intern or resident.
All orders are to be for resale only.
All orders are to be given in writing with sufficient notice to process the order.
All orders are to be inspected when they are received.
All orders are to be made online using the peakhealth.net shopping cart.
All orders are to be paid at the time of ordering or upon pick up of the order.
All orders are to be paid by cash, certified check, or money order.
All orders are to be paid for before shipment is made.
All orders are to be paid for in advance by credit card or check.
All orders are to be paid for in advance.
All orders are to be paid for in U.S. currency.
All orders are to be paid in advance of shipping.
All orders are to be paid in full at time of pick-up or shipping.
All orders are to be paid in full before shipment.
All orders are to be paid in U.S. dollars.
All orders are to be paid in UK pounds.
All orders are to be pre-paid in U.S. funds.
All orders are to be pre-paid.
All orders are to be prepaid.
All Orders are to be prepaid.
All orders are to be sent prepaid.
All orders are to customer specs.
All orders are vacuum pack for shipping.
All orders are vacuum packaged and frozen.
All orders are valid only on the day placed.
All orders are VAT excempt.
All orders are very much appreciated.
All orders are via check or money order only.
ALL orders are welcome . . .
All orders are welcome, RUSH orders are our specialty.
All orders are well educated, considering the player's larger view of the world.
All orders are, of course, subject to credit card approval prior to shipment.
All orders become final upon shipment of the merchandise ordered.
All orders can be gift wrapped free of charge upon request.
All orders can be subject to approval by a designated manager.
All orders can receive printout of the search engines their web site was submitted to.
All orders carry a full guarantee.
All orders come complete with a seal handle, inserts and pouch.
All orders come complete with free talking flowers.
All orders come complete with plastic ware, wet naps, plates, bowls, napkins, and serving utensils.
All orders come from here and all units are built here initially.
All orders come from the team leader.
All orders come to our fax machine and begin the merchandising process.
All orders come with a Certificate of Analysis for each herb.
All orders come with a full return policy.
All orders come with a putting drill and tips videos.
All orders come with a small free gift.
All orders come with chips and homemade salsa.
All orders come with complete instructions.
All orders come with cooking instructions.
All orders come with crisp breads, hummus, and rolls.
All orders come with drivers, manuals and packages.
All orders come with drivers, manuals and packaging.
All Orders come with free prints and gifts.
All orders come with fresh ranch sauce.
All orders come with high gloss ink-jet printable labels and vinyl sleeves.
All orders come with literature about our bees and their work.
All orders come with our iron-clad guarantee.
All orders come with our no-nonsense money back guarantee.
All orders come with prepaid return labels.
All orders come with sides, baked beans being the favorite.
All orders concerning plant operations originate here.
All orders concerning the children are modifiable in the future.
All orders do receive an automatic e mail confirmation.
All orders do require prepayment before shipping.
All orders do require prepayment.
All orders exclude shipping and handling charges.
All orders fare given a reference number indicating the department holding the collection.
All orders given to the company indicate acceptance of our terms and conditions of trade.
All orders go from the top down.
All orders go in together.
All orders go out by surface mail.
All orders go though our secure server.
All orders go through War-Toys.
All orders going outside the U.S.A. please contact the Bookstore to make shipping arrangements.
All orders has to be prepaid by bank draft or similar method.
All orders have a minimum of ten tests.
All orders have a minimum quantity of one case.
All orders have a money back guarantee .
All orders have a range of delivery included.
All orders have free delivery charge.
All orders have FREE shipping and handling.
All orders have tax and shipping included.
All orders have to be manually entered into the system and processed off-line.
All orders have to be prepaid, unless otherwise agreed in writing.
All orders have to be six or more from one design.
All orders have to pass full verification approvals with the bank that issues the credit card.
All orders help to fund our work.
All orders leave here in good condition.
All orders leave here in new boxes .
All orders leave our factory in excellent condition.
All orders leave our store within one business day of ordering.
All orders normally ship the next business day.
All orders once shipped are non cancelable.
All orders payed by check are subject to a two week waiting period.
All orders placed by credit card are setup the same business day.
All orders ppd in the U.S. and Canada.
All orders pre-pay by mail.
All orders raise funds for Australian children's education.
All orders receive automatic confirmation.
All orders receive free buttons.
All orders receive free nature cards or a book .
All orders receive FREE priority mail shipping.
All orders receive immediate online order entry.
All orders receive our instruction book and text product and price sheet.
All orders receive our personal attention.
All orders receive personal attention and are processed promptly.
All orders receive the same attention.
All orders receive the two e-books download instructions and codes via email.
All orders received by the COGs and ECDs are to be only the quantities stated on the purchase order.
All orders recieve a free gift and discounts on large orders.
All orders remain encrypted on our server.
All orders remain in effect until cancelled.
All orders require a contact name, telephone number, and shipping address.
All orders require a deposit.
All orders require a minimum processing time of five days.
All orders require a secure address and upgraded orders require a recipients signature.
All orders require a shipping address, email address, or a fax number.
All orders require a signature upon delivery, therefore a physical address is needed.
All orders require a signature upon delivery.
All orders require a signed order acknowledgement.
All orders require a street address, so please no P.O.Boxes.
All orders require a two business day processing period before shipment.
All orders require an additional flat rate for shipping, and add applicable state sales tax.
All orders require at least one business day for processing before shipping.
All orders require deposit or payment in full.
All orders require final approval from the library director.
All orders require immediate written confirmation.
All orders require payment in advance .
All orders require payment in advance.
All orders require payment in full before items are printed.
All orders require payment or school purchase order number prior to shipment.
All orders require payment prior to dispatch.
All orders require pre-payment in full.
All orders require prepayment or an approved purchase order with budget number.
All orders require pre-payment.
All orders require prepayment.
All orders require to view.
All orders require two to three days processing time.
All orders ship from our distribution center in New Jersey.
All orders ship in sheets or, with small quantity orders, rolled for easy next day air delivery.
All orders ship next day.
All orders ship out the following business day.
All orders ship standard ground.
All orders ship the next business day.
All orders shipped in the USofA are postage paid sent via U.S. mail.
All orders shipped within the United States include shipping and handling.
All orders take approximately one to two business days to process.
All orders take place on a secure line and can be safely charged online.
All orders take place over a secure payment form.
All orders transferring a respondent to or from disability status are public.
Any orders are welcome.
Many orders are consent agreements between the physician and the board prior to final board action.
Many orders are now entirely paperless.
Many orders are possible.
Many orders are very general in nature.
Many orders come through free web-based services that make tracing the user impossible.
Most orders also hold special concern for women and children.
Most orders are available by standard shipping, express shipping, or next day air.
Most orders are available next day from our national depot in Ajax, Ontario.
Most orders are by referrals or reorders.
Most orders are despatched the next working day providing stock is available.
Most orders are for next-day service.
Most orders are from governments.
Most orders are in.
Most orders are mill direct.
Most orders are processed and shipped same day.
Most orders are ready for shipping within a week or two.
Most orders are shipped by the next business day, see Shipping section above for details.
Most orders are shipped same day and special shipping options are available.
Most orders are shipped the same business day in which they are received.
Most orders arrive after the show, when buyers have examined the information collected.
Most orders arrive at their destination within a week.
Most orders arrive Duty-free.
Most orders arrive next day.
Most orders arrive quickly.
Most orders arrive within a few days of placing the order.
Most orders arrive within five to eight business days.
Most orders arrive within the times below.
Most orders come with delicious shredded veggies and their lemon-tahini dressing.
Most orders executed on the exchanges are market orders.
Most orders go out the same day.
Most orders have no delivery charge.
Most orders reach USA addresses within a week after leaving Hawaii.
Most orders require unplanned overtime and expediting to be completed.
Most orders ship no later than the following business day.
Most orders ship out next business day.
Most orders ship the following business day.
Most orders ship the next business day unless otherwise noted.
Most orders ship the next business day.
Most orders ship the same day .
Most orders ship the same day the payment is received.
Most orders ship the same day they are received, or the following morning, via priority mail.
Most orders ship the same day they are received, or the following morning.
Most orders ship the same day they are received.
Most orders ship the same day.
Most orders ship the same or next business day.
Most orders ship the same or next day.
Most orders ship the week following receipt of payment.
Most orders take about a week to process.
Most orders take about two weeks to ship.
Most orders take approx.
Most orders take as little as five days.
Most orders take from one to two months from order date to receipt of materials.
Most orders take no more than one business day to process.
Most orders take one to three business days to make and prepare.
Most orders travel safely in one box.
Some orders allow for the limitation to be lifted once certain conditions are met.
Some orders are above and below average.
Some orders are also specifically reviewable only by writ petition.
Some orders are drop shipped from our distributor.
Some orders are higher or lower.
Some orders are inaccurate from the very day they are entered.
Some orders are more efficient than others are.
Some orders are subject to sales tax.
Some orders are subject to shipping and handling charges.
Some orders are through their catalog.
Some orders are undated.
Some orders call for investigations, some for remedial programs and some for both.
Some orders can stay in the system for much longer for reasons that are largely beyond our control.
Some orders change the cursor when they pass over something that can be used, altered, or destroyed.
Some orders go out on prioritized mail.
Some orders limit the ability to act without consultation or agreement.
Some orders require multiple packages.
Some orders require three to four days to process.
Some orders take longer than two business days to be processed.
Most ordering options are available with each selection.
Ordering is arrangements.
Ordering is communicating.
Ordering is requestings.
Ordering is social events.
Orderliness implies freedom from disorder or confusion.
Orderliness is regularity
Orderly arrangement deals with discipline deals with theory deals with art.
Orderly behavior is required at all bus stops.
Orderly behavior is required at the bus stop.
Orderly books are diaries of the units involved on the English side of the war.
Orderly change can enhance it.
Orderly change follows the normal patterns of growth, maintenance and decay.
Orderly children pick up after themselves.
Orderly conduct is a necessity.
Orderly development is the real backbone of the bill.
Orderly growth is maintained by a comprehensive code of ordinances.
Orderly living depends on it.
Orderly maturation is noted.
Orderly movement is essential for safety.
Orderly music is played at certain points in the story.
Orderly people are lousy in a crisis during the holidays.
Orderly people love order.
Orderly persons are dependable.
Orderly progress is a concept that was finally thrown out of the theories of species evolution.
Orderly release allows data transmission to finish gracefully before disconnecting the connection .
Orderly release is available in the next version.
Orderly sessions mark our business deliberations.
Orderly systems respond to new stresses by dissolving and reforming in new patterns.
An orderly is a soldier
An orderly is an attendant
Orderlies are attendants.
Orderlies are primarily concerned with setting up equipment and relieving nurses of heavier work.
Orderlies are soldiers.
Orderlies generally have at least a high school diploma.
Orderlies help transport patients in hospitals or residents in nursing homes.
Orderlies transport patients and clean treatment areas.
Orderlies try to break down a door behind which an exorcism is being performed.
Orderlies wake up pilots.
OrderNOW feature allows online purchasing at users cost.
Orders books ca.
Ordinal data are consecutive numbers.
Ordinal data assume only ranking.
Ordinal data has only a natural ordering to it, i.e. first, second, third etc.
Ordinal data have the mathematical property of indicating order or place.
Ordinal data identify subjects by position in a series.
Ordinal data provide information about rank or hierarchy, in other words, relative values.
Ordinal measures have the properties of interval measures.
Ordinal measures have the properties of nominal measures.
An ordinal number is a number
Ordinal numbers are adjectives used to organize persons and things into a sequence or order.
Ordinal numbers are appropriate for holdings statements and item records.
Ordinal numbers are numbers.
Ordinal numbers are the simplest set of all and are sometimes called the empty set or the null set.
Ordinal numbers follow the pattern of cardinal numbers.
Ordinal numbers refer to position relative to an ordering, as first, second, third, etc.
Ordinal numbers tell the position of something in an ordered set.
Ordinal numbers tell the position or order of objects.
All ordinal numerals are ordinary adjectives except , which is a special adjective .
Ordinal outcomes take on three or more values that can be rank ordered.
Ordinal scales identify category and rank order.
Ordinal scales imply ordering of numbers.
Ordinal scales represent order but no further algebraic structure.
Ordinal series tests online.
Ordinal variables are exhaustive and exclusive plus they have an inherent order.
Ordinal variables consist of ordered categories without quantitative differences.
An ordinal is a number
Ordinals decline like o-stem adjectives.
An ordinance is a rule
Ordinance causes confusion Defenders of the law say it's too early to call it a failure.
Ordinance defines resources or 'signature' lands that are an asset to be preserved in all instances.
Ordinance goes into effect.
Ordinance is a legislative enactment of a political subdivision.
Ordinance is a step in salmon recovery and compliance with the Endangered Species Act.
Ordinance is ready for Grays to sign.
Ordinance prohibiting sale of tobacco products by vending machines passes.
Ordinance regulating junk and secondhand dealers is a valid exercise of the city's police power.
Ordinance remains in effect.
Ordinance replaces the Deceased's Family Maintenance Ordinance.
Ordinance requires all residential and commercial units to provide for their solid waste disposal.
Ordinances also prohibit ownership of more than two cats over six months in age.
Ordinances are enacted, modified or abolished and annual fiscal budgets are determined.
Ordinances are law, however, and apply to officials, their friends, and families.
Ordinances are laws passed by local governments and address issues such as noise and weeds.
Ordinances are laws passed by the county commissioners.
Ordinances are reality.
Ordinances are rites that believers practice as part of their Christian faith.
Ordinances are subject to change by respective cities.
Ordinances are the highest form of legal action the council can make.
Ordinances are the law.
Ordinances become law thirty days after adoption.
Ordinances become part of municipal law.
Ordinances can work against better developments.
Ordinances commonly govern zoning, building safety, etc., or matters of a municipality.
Ordinances commonly govern zoning, building, safety, and other municipal matters.
Ordinances constitute the laws of the City.
Ordinances eliminate confusion on the part of city authorities.
Ordinances enacted by the city council formulate the city code.
Ordinances enjoy a presumption of constitutionality.
Ordinances establish relatively permanent rules or laws for the community.
Ordinances have the force of law within the municipality.
Ordinances memorialize the agreed-upon actions of the governing body.
Ordinances only work to the extent that they sanctify a change in public attitudes.
Ordinances prohibit the discharge of firearms within most city limits.
Ordinances represent the basic laws of the City.
Ordinances require two readings before they become law unless they are presented as an emergency.
Ordinances specifying the arterial highway system are on file in the city clerk's office.
Ordinances take effect on the day after publication, or later if the ordinance so states.
Ordinances vary from city to city, with some limiting the number of pets in each household.
Ordinances often apply the purpose of the act to a specific local context.
All ordinances are subject to revision.
All ordinances require reservation.
Every ordinance deals with the issue of owner move-ins differently.
Many ordinances exempt minor improvements and farm buildings.
Many ordinances permit rebuilding the nonconforming premises when destroyed by fire.
More ordinances now cover both city service contractors and economic development.
Most ordinances apply to both commercial and residential development.
Most ordinances are infractions.
Most ordinances are the same.
Most ordinances base the replacement requirement on the size of the removed tree.
Most ordinances become part of the City's Municipal Code book.
Most ordinances retain their same number.
Some ordinances provide for a certain sum to be paid to the municipality for each day of violation.
Some ordinances require all workers in an affected firm to be paid living wages.
Some ordinances require the land to meet minimum criteria to be eligible.
Ordinarily communion is served on Fridays.
Ordinarily production is governed by the value of delivery time punctually followed.
Ordinarily students are eligible to apply for at least tuition support for four years.
Ordinarily students can only take one of such equivalent or cross-listed courses for credit.
Ordinarily students can take only one of such equivalent or cross-listed courses for credit.
Ordinarily traction is applied during contractions.
Ordinary acts can be very heroic.
Ordinary adjectives are entirely regular.
Ordinary advertising offers goods for sale.
Ordinary air can have an adverse effect on our philatelic materials.
Ordinary airmail takes around a week, but can be longer.
Ordinary atoms are in neutral charge, that means the number of protons and electrons are equal.
Ordinary atoms consist of a number of electrons in orbit around an atomic nucleus.
Ordinary ballasts keep lighting at a constant brightness - the lights are either fully on or off.
Ordinary balloons are there to be flown.
Ordinary beams deflect locally, tending to contract the building in axial asymmetry.
Ordinary bicycles have frames.
Most ordinary bicycles have frames.
Ordinary bold is used for the keywords which introduce each of the various text sections.
Ordinary bonds pay back only the face amount.
Ordinary boots are enough in most winter conditions.
Some ordinary bulbs have resistance.
Some ordinary bulbs work on principles.
Ordinary buses are cheaper still, and much more frequent, but can get quite crowded.
Ordinary buses are of two types, blue and red.
Ordinary business is present and growing.
Ordinary cameras convert our three-dimensional world into photographs without depth.
Most ordinary cassettes play for sixty to ninety minutes.
Ordinary casting can be a copying process, often for transferring work in one medium into another.
Ordinary characters placed in the format string are copied to s without conversion.
Ordinary cheques take a long time to realise.
Ordinary chloroplasts are filled with stacks of thylakoid membranes, as shown above.
Ordinary chondrites Have light-colored spherical structures called chondrules.
Ordinary chores can do even more.
Ordinary citizens are a deadly danger, like a powerful beast to be kept chained lest it run amok.
Ordinary citizens are also targets.
Ordinary citizens are in general compassionate and willing to do the right thing.
Ordinary citizens are limited to three gallons a week.
Ordinary citizens are no longer customers of the police, but adversaries.
Ordinary citizens are perhaps most puzzled of all.
Ordinary citizens are typically curious and open-minded.
Ordinary citizens can easily obtain handguns from gangsters.
Ordinary citizens can submit, for a nominal fee, a photo for inclusion on the photo wall.
Ordinary citizens feel cut-off.
Ordinary citizens fighting for changes to laws to improve our care of children are also advocates.
Ordinary citizens go to jail.
Ordinary citizens have a greater right to privacy than public figures.
Ordinary citizens have a self-evident interest in financial settlements made with municipalities.
Ordinary citizens have no reliable health care.
Ordinary citizens have no way of knowing whether the anesthetist was negligent.
Ordinary citizens have to ask for documents according to the rules.
Ordinary citizens perceive political leaders to be more manipulative and jaded than ever.
Ordinary citizens pull together in the face of a common cause.
Ordinary citizens see the matter differently.
Ordinary citizens seek to rebuild their lives and their communities in the wake of globalization.
Ordinary citizens shy away from politics when they see activists subjected to scrutiny.
Ordinary citizens treat officials.
Many ordinary citizens have documentary videos that show the same broadcasts.
Most ordinary citizens treat officials.
Ordinary clothing provides some protection from heat radiated by surrounding hot surfaces.
Ordinary cocktails are expertly mixed, too.
Ordinary combustibles are generally limited to stacks of paper or boxes.
Ordinary combustion is the process of combining oxygen with other substances.
Ordinary concrete is made with cement and aggregates, typically crushed stone is used as a filler.
Ordinary condoms contain substances that are toxic to sperm.
Ordinary consciousness discovers the world.
Ordinary consciousness encourages entropy of thought and frenetic, dissonant perceptions of reality.
Ordinary consciousness is bound by cognitive categories related to conditioned behavior.
Most ordinary conservatives are reasonable people.
Ordinary consumers can monitor their environment with greater ease and accuracy than ever.
Ordinary conversation is permitted.
Ordinary corporations have shareholders and competitors.
Ordinary cotton is much too porous to provide any protection at all.
Ordinary cotton is too porous to provide any protection.
Ordinary couple restores an old wooden yacht to move aboard.
Ordinary courses tend to focus just on the material covered in the textbook.
Ordinary dandruff is caused by excessive drying of the skin and overactivity of the oil glands.
Ordinary devotion is marked by ego.
Ordinary dissonance is made up of a mixture of beats or harshness and pure dissonance.
Ordinary dividends are the most common type of distribution from a corporation.
Ordinary dividends are the most common type of dividends.
All ordinary dividends are fully taxable.
Ordinary ecology is good enough.
Ordinary employees are exempt.
Ordinary evaporation is a surface phenomenon - some molecules have enough kinetic energy to escape.
Ordinary events can serve as reminders of the trauma and trigger flashbacks or intrusive images.
Ordinary expenses take forever to get paid.
Ordinary explosives work entirely through the blast effect.
Ordinary fares apply.
Ordinary fertilizers are incomplete.
Ordinary fertilizers provide only a few of the essential mineral nutrients.
Ordinary files permit read or write operations at any position within the file.
Ordinary folders have the familiar manila folder icon, whereas mounted volumes have a drive icon.
Ordinary folk call it economic suicide.
Ordinary folks are familiar with the military trying to fix water-meter fraud.
Ordinary folks are more fun.
Ordinary folks can do just as good a job of selling a home as their local real estate agent.
Ordinary folks have big hearts, but can only handle so much grimness.
Ordinary folks use it for shopping and communicating with family and friends.
Ordinary folks use it for shopping, banking, bill-paying and communicating with family and friends.
Ordinary food is consumed and becomes that which consumes it.
Ordinary footwear is all that's required.
Ordinary furnaces can only operate at full capacity, which increases noise and energy usage.
Ordinary games are good examples.
Ordinary gingivitis is the most common and least severe form.
Ordinary grapes spark impressively when properly prepared and microwaved.
Ordinary hearing is the result of the stimulation of bones in the inner ear by means of vibration.
Ordinary heroines find themselves in the middle of danger and excitement, lust and passion.
Ordinary houseflies can take off backwards or sideways.
Ordinary humans share the most embarrassing moments in life.
Ordinary humanity belongs on the sidelines in tragedy, represented by the Greek chorus.
Ordinary hyperlinks take people from one web page to another.
Many ordinary illnesses are nothing but the expression of a serious dissatisfaction with life.
Ordinary images seem more profound, and, of course, some of the images themselves are extraordinary.
Ordinary income has no risk associated with it.
Ordinary individuals change over time including coming into and going out of existence.
Ordinary individuals sacrifice their safety, even their lives, to serve others.
Ordinary investors have to buy on the ask, which is higher than the bid.
Ordinary investors have to sell on the bid, which is lower than the ask.
Ordinary investors tend to shy away because their operations are shrouded in secrecy.
Ordinary journalists can toss out opinions, create discussion, and sell publications.
Ordinary kids can do extraordinary things.
Ordinary language performs an incredibly powerful function in a social organism.
Ordinary laziness is a passive failure to love.
Ordinary Leaders relate the traditional story of their as effectively as possible.
Ordinary leaseholders do have the right to exclusive possession of their land.
Ordinary lenses are just colored plastic.
Ordinary life comes to a halt in many towns.
Ordinary life does become extraordinary.
Ordinary life is a tangle of problems and suggestions and demands.
Ordinary life is difficult and writing and philosophy are two solutions.
Ordinary life is presented in a way that grips the hearers.
Ordinary life is the oldest form of life insurance protection.
Ordinary life makes unseen world real.
Ordinary lives continue.
Ordinary light can be a mixture of many wavelengths.
Ordinary light has many wavelengths that go off in all directions.
Ordinary light is a mixture of light of many different colors, i.e. wavelengths.
Ordinary light is composed of waves that vibrate in all directions perpendicular to the light beam.
Ordinary light is made up of a broad range of wavelengths and has relatively low energy.
Ordinary light is made up of a broad range of wavelengths, from ultraviolet to infrared.
Ordinary light is too crude a medium to carry such delicate information.
Ordinary listeners can process three to four words per second with little or no trouble.
Ordinary living requires the many sides of an individual to be present at the same time.
Ordinary loam is best.
Ordinary losses are deductible against business income.
Ordinary magnets produce an ordinary magnetic field.
Ordinary mail is sufficient for a copy of the original health record.
Ordinary maintenance consists of periodic cleaning of the quartz sleeve and annual lamp replacement.
Ordinary men believe that they are afraid of death, but it is life of which they are in dread. . . .
Ordinary men hate solitude.
Ordinary manufacturing becomes better when managed by netted intelligence.
Ordinary massagers are bulky and difficult to use.
Ordinary matter comes in five forms.
Ordinary matter consists of protons, neutrons and electrons.
Ordinary matter consists of the electron and u, d quark energy level only.
Ordinary matter consists of the electron, electron neutrino, and u, d quark energy level only.
Ordinary matter is found primarily in the form of atoms .
Ordinary matter is toast.
Ordinary matter loads down the oscillations of the photons, like putting weight on a spring.
Ordinary members are persons of Chinese origin or are married to a person of Chinese origin.
Ordinary members are the only members that have voting rights.
Ordinary members has right to vote and to stand for elections.
Ordinary members receive the journal and newsletter.
Every ordinary member receives a copy of the minutes upon demand.
Ordinary membership is limited to one national organization of the deaf in each country.
Ordinary membership is open to anyone with an interest in biochemistry or the wider life sciences.
Ordinary membership is open to corporate bodies such as libraries, schools and universities.
Ordinary meteors supply the dust particles around which the drops condense.
Ordinary mind includes eternal perceptions.
Ordinary mind is like ice or water.
Ordinary mind is the way Nansen replied.
Ordinary minerals prevent deficiencies and provide for normal growth and reproduction.
Ordinary moles are a smooth, regular shape.
Ordinary moles are quite harmless.
Ordinary moles are smooth and regular.
Ordinary mice are highly resistant to the disease.
Ordinary movements appear graceful and economic.
Ordinary movements work well here when performed with energy and clarity.
Ordinary murder is no more exciting, interesting and noteworthy than walking the dog.
Ordinary myths revel in the eye of the artistic genius, the eye of human consciousness itself.
Ordinary navigators can cross the ocean after Columbus has led the way.
Ordinary neglect is a different standard from willful neglect, and thus easier to prove.
Ordinary negligence differs, however, from professional negligence.
Ordinary negligence is insufficient.
Ordinary networks fail to adequately meet the demands of bandwidth intensive video applications.
Ordinary nodes can be anywhere on the Internet.
Ordinary nylon gets stiff from absorbing salt and dirt, and is hard to keep clean.
Ordinary object are dream objects.
Ordinary objects are bundles of basic scientific objects.
Ordinary objects become tactile wonders.
Many ordinary objects canproduce unusual sounds.
Ordinary octopuses like to eat crustaceans and mollusks.
Ordinary options can appear in any order and can be intermixed with file names to visit.
Ordinary oxygen has two atoms.
Ordinary packaging allows freezer burn, because air and moisture come in contact with the food.
Ordinary pages are, unfortunately, unavailable.
Ordinary pan frying leaves meat greasy outside, dry inside.
Ordinary paper contains lignins from wood pulp used in manufacturing, as well as other chemicals.
Ordinary payment is due at check-in.
Ordinary pellets pulverize into dust, significantly adding to wastage.
Ordinary people accomplish extraordinary things, every day here.
Ordinary people are amazing.
Ordinary people are concerned, are pretty hip to what's going on, and are eager to learn.
Ordinary people are dead against it.
Ordinary people are equally at risk.
Ordinary people are like pawns, lambs for the slaughter.
Ordinary people are much more vulnerable.
Ordinary people are really pretty nice to one another.
Ordinary people are the targets and the fodder of rogue militias.
Ordinary people are too stupid to appreciate it at all.
Ordinary people become leaders and restore order as humanity creates new social structures.
Ordinary people believe only in the possible.
Ordinary people can accomplish extraordinary goals.
Ordinary people can accomplish extraordinary things.
Ordinary people can also spread the disease.
Ordinary people can be drop dead funny.
Ordinary people can do extraordinary things if they are organized.
Ordinary people can do extra-ordinary things just one step at a time.
Ordinary people can do extraordinary things.
Ordinary people can experience ecstasies too.
Ordinary people can experience love and express love.
Ordinary people can for the first time make their voices heard around the world.
Ordinary people can grow up and do what they love to do and even get paid to do it.
Ordinary people can invent survivable words, though.
Ordinary people can live that way.
Ordinary people can make a difference in tackling pressing land-management problems.
Ordinary people can make an extraordinary impact on their world with commitment.
Ordinary people can now communicate, organize, and refine their ideas.
Ordinary people can only cite a few sources.
Ordinary people can screw up.
Ordinary people can sell a vast range of whatever they like to other ordinary people.
Ordinary people can take charge and get their message across.
Ordinary people can withhold judgement because their judgement has been withheld.
Ordinary people come away transformed.
Ordinary people create most inventions.
Ordinary people do crazy things when driving near tornadic thunderstorms.
Ordinary people do some very ordinary sins.
Ordinary people do.
Ordinary people doing ordinary things make for an extraordinary story.
Ordinary people find it hard to believe that anyone in the world cares about their fate.
Ordinary people find no difference between men.
Ordinary people find the GUIs much easier to use.
Ordinary people forgive and receive forgiveness .
Ordinary people get letters to the editor published every day.
Ordinary people go to the movies.
Ordinary people go to the theatre.
Ordinary people have extraordinary problems.
Ordinary people have more opportunity in a democracy to put the brakes on war.
Ordinary people have work, monarchy people have a duty.
Ordinary people keep insisting their bills are wrong.
Ordinary people keep leading ordinary lives.
Ordinary people know little about the causes of inflation.
Ordinary people know something is fishy about the sudden attack on hatcheries.
Ordinary people make, use, misuse, or re-interpret scientific and technological information.
Ordinary people recall the magic of the season in six holiday tales.
Ordinary people refuse to think about next week.
Ordinary people remain politically immature.
Ordinary people say extraordinary things all the time.
Ordinary people seem more able to get the point.
Ordinary people starve and die.
Ordinary people talk about going online, about finding information, about data quality.
Ordinary people tell firsthand what it's like to live with the diseases caused by cigarettes.
Ordinary people tend to think of chaos as random and undeterminable.
Ordinary people thrown into extraordinary circumstances can do great work for freedom.
Ordinary people use standard electricity from the wall to power a light.
Ordinary people use standard electricity from the wall to powera light.
Ordinary people using ordinary resources can make an extraordinary difference in their community.
Ordinary people walk the sidewalks, and homeless the alleys and parking lots.
Ordinary people walk the streets with caution, and stay home at night.
Ordinary people walking down the streets being unashamedly themselves help bring understanding.
Ordinary people win thousands of dollars and exotic prizes.
Many ordinary people are worse off and, like elsewhere, the gap between rich and poor is widening.
Many ordinary people become saints in death.
Many ordinary people do become millionaires but it takes time, often several decades.
Most ordinary people rely on their gardens for food.
Ordinary persons find no difference between men.
Ordinary persons find themselves doing the most extraordinary things.
Any ordinary person can thrive when there is prosperity and comfort.
Every ordinary person dreams when they sleep.
Ordinary phone is also a mobile device.
Ordinary phosphorus is a waxy white solid, that is colorless and transparent.
Ordinary phosphorus is a waxy white solid.
Ordinary physics is a flatland physics, a physics at some particular level.
Ordinary plants have about ten times as many connections with their environment as animals.
Ordinary plants suffer in such soils from nitrogen starva- tion.
Ordinary play uses neither lifts nor bisques.
Ordinary plywood is an example of a thermoset-bound laminate.
Ordinary pods leaves etc the next.
Ordinary power is either personal or vicarious.
Ordinary prose provides a preplanned train of thought, and the reader can ride along.
Ordinary quadrupeds can swim with movements of the legs much like walking.
Ordinary regression assumes the function is linear or can be made linear.
Ordinary ribbon is satisfactory, and for handwritten minutes ordinary permanent ink is advised.
Ordinary rooms are Bt.
Ordinary rooms have private bathrooms, writing-tables, television and an intercom set.
Ordinary sand becomes wet in water.
Ordinary sand is nearly pure silicon dioxide.
Ordinary scald is primarily a disease of immature fruits.
Ordinary scenes start to look more like paintings.
Ordinary schmoes get into the impostor act when it's convenient and easy.
Most ordinary shares have voting rights.
Ordinary shoes are usually sufficient.
Ordinary soap is composed of fatty acids that have insoluble salts with calcium or magnesium ions.
Ordinary soap is quite adequate, although mild non-greasy ones are the best.
Ordinary soap is sufficient.
Ordinary spectacles correct problems in the cornea or in the lens.
Any ordinary statement can serve as an orchestra header statement, eg.
Ordinary stationery is acceptable.
Ordinary steel stains the latex.
Ordinary streakers pale in comparison.
Ordinary stucco has a number of drawbacks.
Ordinary students get no discernible benefit from the non-revenue intercollegiate sports.
Ordinary subscriptions arrive intermitently as single messages.
Ordinary sunlight improves the condition in many people.
Ordinary tablets continue into the stomach where they are of limited use.
Ordinary tasks become more difficult, and their commission slower.
Ordinary tea contains caffeine as well.
Ordinary teens follow the crowd.
Ordinary teens have a tendency towards the television.
Ordinary telephones convert a persons speech into what is termed an analogue signal.
Ordinary televisions are limited to the size they can be, due to the way the picture is generated.
Ordinary testimony is restricted to statements concerning what the witness actually saw or heard.
Ordinary text is in black.
Ordinary text is information about the task being performed.
Ordinary thermometers show current temperatures.
Ordinary things are indeed holy things.
Ordinary things take on extraordinary qualities.
Any ordinary thunderstorm produces lightning, which certainly can be dangerous.
Ordinary time is useless to the thrill seeker, the chaser of ecstasy.
Ordinary tin is a silver-white metal, is malleable, ductile, and has a highly crystalline structure.
Ordinary tin is a silver-white metal, malleable, somewhat ductile, highly crystalline structure.
Ordinary tin is composed of nine stable isotopes.
Ordinary tissue contains acidity which is harmful to most fabrics.
Ordinary tofu works too, the kind that needs to swim in a tub of water in the fridge.
Ordinary tools are now more baroque than they're worth.
Most ordinary trademarks are weak.
Ordinary trains are slowest, and they often only have third class carriages.
Ordinary transactions become very complicated.
Ordinary trellis can be an attractive feature when painted with a timber wood stain.
Ordinary typeface is acceptable in manuscript opinions.
Ordinary updrafts contain no rotation.
Ordinary users browse the Web as readers of information.
Ordinary users can change only the password corresponding to their own login name .
Ordinary users can evaluate observations of their own with respect to existing databases.
Ordinary users can flush buffers by using the sync command.
Ordinary users can make limited changes to their own information using the same method.
Ordinary users can make limited changes to their own profile information using the same method.
Ordinary users can only change their own password.
Ordinary users can restore files only in directories they can write to.
Ordinary users can use the lpc command to get printer status and to restart a hung printer only.
Ordinary users navigate or browse the Web as receivers of information.
Ordinary varieties have a better yield.
Ordinary vibrators provide no instructions for use as a genital stimulator.
Ordinary voters are more attracted to an issue-based style of politics.
Ordinary voters are scared of drugs and dislike drug users.
Ordinary warts are benign and remain benign.
Ordinary washing takes care of mites in bed clothes and clothing.
Ordinary water becomes extraordinary wine.
Ordinary water becomes the symbol of new life and cleansing in our use of it in baptism.
Ordinary water can put out an ordinary fire.
Ordinary water has a surface tension that is too high to permeate the cells.
Ordinary water is a conductor of electricity.
Ordinary water is an element with unusual characteristics.
Ordinary women have to settle for the cleavage creaters they find at their local department stores.
Ordinary words are to be given their ordinary meanings.
Ordinary words receive limited legal protection as trademarks.
Many ordinary words have specific meanings as well.
Ordinary writing is sequential for two reasons.
An ordinary is a judge
Ordinaries are basic geometric shapes such as waves and stripes.
Ordinaries are bicycles.
Ordinaries are charge.
Ordinaries are clergymans.
Ordinaries are commonplace, but their use differs from that of English and French blazon.
Ordinaries are conditions.
Ordinaries are judges.
Ordinaries are nine, with three diminutives, twelve in all.
Ordinaries are the simplest form of charge.
Ordinaries are wide strips that follow common field partitions in shape.
Ordinaries do follow the rule.
More ordinaries tend to have had experience working in chanceries than auxiliaries have.
Most ordinaries are possible as well, a local can do a saltire, pall, pale and cross quite nicely.
An ordinate is a Cartesian coordinate
Ordinates are in arcseconds.
Ordination is appointments.
Ordination is status
Ordination is status.
Ordination takes place at the location set by the ordinand.
Ordination takes place in two stages.
Ordinations are down in most dioceses.
Ordinations contribute greatly to the future of the church.
All ordinations are the act of the whole church.
Ordnance goes off.
Ordnance has (part) sections.
Ordnance has (part) weapons.
Ordnance is all in readiness.
Ordnance is an armament
Ordnance is handled from sunrise to sunset.
Ordnance isa armament.
Ordovician dolomite is exposed on the steep slopes.
Most Ordovician rocks are rich in fossils.
Ore bodies occur as tabular layers at the base of the gabbroic sills.
Ore deposits are merely natural concentrations which are commercially exploitable.
Ore deposits are small parts of very large hydrothermal systems.
Ore deposits produce different responses to electrical pulses emitted by the aircraft's transmitter.
Ore extraction is a complex, and often dirty process.
Ore mills generate large amounts of waste, called tailings .
Ore minerals can be metallic and non-metallic.
Ore minerals consist of magnetite, ilmenite, hematite, ulvospinel and rutile.
Many ore minerals are oxides.
Ore mineralogy is complex.
Ore pieces sparkle in the walls and pillars.
An ore processing is an extraction
Ore processing is by conventional milling.
Ore reserves Refers to that part of an orebody that has been planned for extraction.
Ore shoot has the same meaning.
Ore wagons compete with wagons carrying lumber for new buildings.
Ore contains irons.
Ore contains metal.
Ore is a mineral
Ore is ground.
Ore is minerals.
Ore is solid objects.
Ore isa mineral.
Ores also contain earthy materials such as sand and clay.
Ores appear to have been introduced after the sandstone was deposited, but prior to cementation.
Ores are chemical compounds of metal atoms coupled with other materials.
Ores are rocks with enough of a useful mineral to mined.
Ores commonly contain inclusions of anorthosite indicating they are younger.
Ores mined here include gold, lead, silver and zinc.
Ores occur in the lower ultramafic to mafic portion of greenstone belts.
More ore has to be dug to obtain the same amount of desired material.
Most ore contains irons.
Most ore contains metal.
Some ore consists of hematites.
Some ore contains kaolinites.
Some ore contains mineral kaolinites.
Some ore contains tungsten.
Some ore contains unadulterated metals.
Some ore contains uranium.
Some ore includes hematites.
Some ores are simple chemical compounds, while others are chemically complex minerals .
Oregano oil has antibacterial and anti-parasitic effects.
Oregano oil is nasty tasting but safe to ingest.
Oregano oil seems to inhibit their growth.
An oregano is a herb
Oregano can be Greek rather than Italian and the varieties of basil seem endless.
Oregano can get out of control and crowd the thyme.
Oregano combines well with lemon, garlic and olive oil.
Oregano combines well with spicy foods popular in southern Italy.
Oregano comes from the labiate family like basil.
Oregano contains an antioxidant which retards rancidity of fats and oils.
Oregano contains polyphenols , including numerous flavones .
Oregano deters pests in general.
Oregano does some other anti-viral feats of heroic proportion.
Oregano favors a drier soil and mild weather.
Oregano grows to be about eight inches tall, which is why it makes a great border in gardens.
Oregano grows very easily from cuttings or plant division at any time of the year.
Oregano grows well in average well drained soil with full sun.
Oregano helps soothe the smooth muscle lining of the digestive tract making it an antispasmodic.
Oregano instills a spicy flavor to Italian dishes such as spaghetti, pizza and lasagna.
Oregano is a basic ingredient in Italian and Mexican cooking.
Oregano is a classic and aromatic Mediterranean herb often used in cooking.
Oregano is a culinary herb that is also very medicinally active.
Oregano is a hardy perennial and does well in containers.
Oregano is a hardy perennial herb that grows well in home gardens throughout the country.
Oregano is a hardy perennial that is taller than the more cold-sensitive marjoram.
Oregano is a non-woody perennial.
Oregano is a perennial that prefers well-drained, slightly alkaline soil and full sun.
Oregano is a perennial, and can be propagated by seeds.
Oregano is a popular culinary herb, used fresh or dried.
Oregano is a popular spice to season pizza with.
Oregano is a strong spice.
Oregano is a symbol of honor.
Oregano is a vigorous perennial herb that can grow to about two feet in height.
Oregano is also a popular herb in Mexican dishes and is used in making chili powder.
Oregano is also an excellent antibacterial agent.
Oregano is also good in oil and vinegar salad dressings.
Oregano is also very drought resistant once it is established.
Oregano is an ancient herb, which is also known as wild marjoram.
Oregano is an herb of the mint family which has exhibited phenomenal anti-yeast properties.
Oregano is an herb with a mild flavor.
Oregano is an ingredient needed for Greek cuisine .
Oregano is an ingredient needed for Greek cuisine.
Oregano is great with tomatoes.
Oregano is green in colour and has a substantial aromatic somewhat bitter taste.
Oregano is often a key ingredient in traditional tomato-based Italian pasta sauces.
Oregano is perhaps the most powerful herbal anti-fungal agent known.
Oregano is similar to marjoram and is used in pizza and pasta dishes.
Oregano is the answer.
Oregano is upright, but can grow large.
Oregano is used as a household medicinal herb to treat colds, digestive problems etc.
Oregano is used in bath oils and sachets to help relieve aches and stiff joints.
Oregano is used in baths to help relieve achy joints.
Oregano is used in many dishes besides pizza.
Oregano is used to promote perspiration as a treatment for colds, flu, and fevers.
Oregano is used widely in Mexico and the Southern Mediterranean-particularly in Italy and Greece.
Oregano is used with tomato, egg, or cheese-based foods as well as lamb, pork, and beef dishes.
Oregano is very important in the local cuisine.
Oregano known as 'wild marjoram' is more pungent than marjoram, and is known as the 'pizza herb'.
Oregano prefers a neutral to slightly basic, well drained, slightly dry average soil with full sun.
Oregano prefers light, well-drained, slightly alkaline soil with full sun.
Oregano stems are nasty little sticks.
Oregano tends to be quite variable when grown from seed.
Oregano tends to get leggier and more sprawling if left unclipped.
Oreganos are herbs.
Oreganos are located in pasta dishs.
Oreganos are plants.
Oregon juncos have heads.
Oregon juncos have light gray heads.
Most oregon juncos have heads.
Most oregon juncos have light gray heads.
Oregon is part of America.
Oregon isa thing.
Oregonian companies deal with.
Oregonian editors are outraged.
Orff instrumentation is included, as are piano accompaniment and optional guitar parts.
Orff teaching involves building complex music from simple elements.
Org databases write something new every two or three days.
Org directory is open on both ends.
Org forum contains artistic depiction of nudity.
Org games have a fairly open interpretation of continuity between books, audios, and sim adventures.
Org lists are for gear discussions, geographic areas, etc.
Org lists are for gear discussions, list issue debates, etc.
Org lists are for gear discussions, political debates, etc.
Org membership continues to be time consuming and takes away from other responsibilities.
Org portals are now in open beta.
Org servers are home to a number of development projects.
Org servers host and mirror a wide array of software.
Org simulations are story-based roleplay groups.
Org site are always welcome.
Org site is essentially an introduction to written non-regional Traditional Scots .
Org site is owned by connie .
Org site is owned by fred ceverac .
Org units can themselves contains org units.
Org website is packed with useful information.
Most organ builders use a standard contract.
Some organ builders have waiting lists of five years.
Organ donation can be the gift of life for many people.
Organ donation can provide others with a second chance at life.
Organ donation can t happen without family consent.
Organ donation can, however, have astounding results.
Some organ donations occur while the donor is alive.
An organ donor is a donor
Organ donors are donors.
Every organ donor can help improve the lives of several people.
Most organ donors are victims of accidents that cause fatal head injuries.
Most organ donors die of traumatic injuries to the head, such as accidents or strokes.
Many organ- isms reproduce sexually, where an egg and sperm go together to form a new individual.
Organ meat contains cholesterol.
Organ meat contains nutrients.
Organ meat is essential for dogs.
Organ meats are a no-no such as liver, kidney, brains, etc.
Organ meats are also a good choice, but use caution when feeding liver.
Organ meats are good for dogs.
Organ meats are high in cholesterol even though they are fairly low in fat.
Organ meats are high in cholesterol, even though they are fairly low in fat.
Organ meats are repositories of huge amounts of vital vitamins and minerals in a natural form.
Organ meats are the highest.
Organ meats are the most prized parts of a dead animal in all hunter gatherer cultures.
Organ meats are very high in cholesterol.
Organ meats contain heme iron, the form most completely absorbed by the body.
Most organ meat contains cholesterol.
Most organ meat contains nutrients.
Most organ meats are rich in copper.
Every organ of sense wants to indulge.
Some organs of sense show strange enlargements and appendages.
Organ pipe cacti have arms.
Organ pipe cacti have thin arms.
An organ pipe is wind
Organ pipes are open at the end where the tongue is.
Organ pipes are still surprisingly available from auctions, organ repair firms, and on the Net.
All organ systems are highly developed.
All organ systems interact and are interdependent.
All organ systems interact to make an organism.
Every organ system has different functions and physical characteristics.
Most organ systems are operational in the fetus by four to six months.
Some organ systems have their own internal control systems instead of, or in addition to, hormones.
An organ transplant is an operation
Organ transplants are a risky business.
Organ transplants are a very new procedure.
Organ transplants are confusing and life-altering events for patients and their families.
Organ transplants are controversial in India.
Organ transplants are no longer experimental.
Organ transplants are now a standard part of medicine.
Organ transplants are now an essential part of America's medical life.
Organ transplants are now cannibalism.
Organ transplants can take hundred's of units of blood.
Most organ transplants rely on a donor's death, and there are too many patients and too few donors.
An organ is a body part
Organ abnormalities in a human parabiotic syndrome.
Organ isa body part.
Organ transplants and test tube babies are common.
Organ transplants save lives, but the supply is short.
Organs absorb nutrients.
Organs affect drug metabolism.
Organs affect metabolism.
Organs affected by pelvic congestion syndrome include the uterus, ovaries, and vulva.
Organs also become available from individuals who have suddenly died.
Organs also have a specific structure and a particular function.
Organs also stop functioning.
Organs are a special case and how they fit in depends entirely on how they're played.
Organs are affected by diseases.
Organs are affected by lupus.
Organs are affected by respiratory diseases.
Organs are agencies.
Organs are also particularly well done.
Organs are an essential part of the prey model raw diet.
Organs are an important functional level of organization for cells within animals.
Organs are arranged in systems.
Organs are bands.
Organs are body parts.
Organs are clusters of cells that have developed specialized tasks.
Organs are collections of tissue.
Organs are collections of tissues grouped together performing a common function.
Organs are composed of tissues that function together.
Organs are composed of tissues, and each tissue contains groups of similar cells.
Organs are composed of tissues, which are in turn composed of cells.
Organs are comprised of one or more type of tissue.
Organs are furniture.
Organs are grouped together into organ systems.
Organs are instruments.
Organs are like machines that carry out specific functions an organism needs to stay alive.
Organs are like that, all warm and fuzzy.
Organs are located in animals.
Organs are located in bodies.
Organs are located in cathedrals.
Organs are located in human bodies.
Organs are located in music stores.
Organs are located in people.
Organs are located in systems.
Organs are made up of different tissues.
Organs are made up of groups of tissues that perform related functions.
Organs are made up of more than one kind of tissue .
Organs are made up of more than one kind of tissue.
Organs are made up of tissues, which are then made up of cells.
Organs are mechanical devices, and they make noise.
Organs are more reliable now, due to technological advances.
Organs are mostly electronic.
Organs are musical instruments.
Organs are now almost fully mature, except for lungs, and the skin is pink instead of red.
Organs are organised into systems.
Organs are our business.
Organs are part of bodies.
Organs are part of organisms.
Organs are parts of an organism .
Organs are parts of an organism.
Organs are periodicals.
Organs are possessed by aquatic creatures.
Organs are possessed by creatures.
Organs are possessed by many aquatic creatures.
Organs are solid objects.
Organs are sometimes liquefied, and dead flies are found on the body.
Organs are testes, penis and the vagina and ovary.
Organs are used for bodily functions.
Organs are used for church music.
Organs are used for play.
Organs are wind instruments.
Organs arise from three cell layers in the developing embryo.
Organs become tumid and congested.
Organs begin to be used in churches.
Organs begin to fail, and the body starts to shut down.
Organs begin to shut down, and veterinary care immediately needed.
Organs bleed and the scent draws other animals.
Organs can autoregulate their own blood supply.
Organs can do the same.
Organs can grow and move independently of the outer body wall.
Organs carry out the basic functions of an organism.
Organs celebrate the mass but they are disguised as guitars, and very very controlled feedback hum.
Organs combine to form a.
Organs compose of muscles.
Organs consist of ducts.
Organs consist of filament.
Organs consist of tissue.
Organs contain fluid.
Organs contain fluorescent substances.
Organs contain pigment.
Organs contain substances.
Organs deteriorate as more and more of their cells die off or enter cellular senescence.
Organs digest food.
Organs disappear showing off a full skeleton and then that vanishes.
Organs eliminate water.
Organs get oxygen because they're soaking in blood.
Organs go off.
Organs have (part) corpi.
Organs have (part) lobes.
Organs have a more specialized function than tissues and usually have more than one kind of tissue.
Organs have ability.
Organs have additional features.
Organs have amaze ability.
Organs have biological functions.
Organs have distinct functions.
Organs have embryonic origins.
Organs have endocrine functions.
Organs have features.
Organs have functions.
Organs have origins.
Organs have particular functions within living organisms.
Organs have purposes.
Organs have receptors.
Organs have same embryonic origins.
Organs have similar functions.
Organs have structures.
Organs have their nerve clump respectively ending in the bottoms of both feet.
Organs have types.
Organs having a like position and origin are said to be homologous.
Organs include skin.
Organs initiate at the meristem as undifferentiated cells but differentiate toward a mature state.
Organs involve in respiration.
Organs involved in reproduction are under higher selective pressure and therefore quite different.
Organs involved in the conjoined tissue are the liver, a solitary kidney, and intestine.
Organs make up an organism .
Organs make up an organism.
Organs perform a certain function.
Organs perform basic functions.
Organs perform bodily functions.
Organs perform certain functions.
Organs perform certain relate functions.
Organs perform different functions.
Organs perform essential functions.
Organs perform excretory functions.
Organs perform functions.
Organs perform many essential functions.
Organs perform relate functions.
Organs perform similar functions.
Organs perform specific functions well and are products of natural selection.
Organs perform specific functions.
Organs perform vital functions.
Organs play big roles.
Organs play crucial roles.
Organs play essential roles.
Organs play important roles.
Organs play large roles.
Organs play roles.
Organs produce digestive enzymes.
Organs produce enzymes.
Organs produce fluid.
Organs produce metabolic waste.
Organs produce seminal fluid.
Organs produce specific substances.
Organs produce substances.
Organs produce waste.
Organs rapidly deteriorate after death, particularly the liver.
Organs remain at a critically low level nationally.
Organs remove toxins.
Organs respond to chemical stimulation.
Organs respond to motor stimulation.
Organs respond to specific stimuli.
Organs respond to stimulation.
Organs respond to stimuli.
Organs retain characteristics.
Organs secrete substances.
Organs serve biological functions.
Organs serve different functions.
Organs serve functions.
Organs serve important biological functions.
Organs serve important functions.
Organs serve protective functions.
Organs serve purposes.
Organs serve specific functions.
Organs serving the same purpose in different animals are said to be analogous.
Organs start to deteriorate as soon as the heart stops beating.
Organs stimulate secretion.
Organs swell like balloons.
Organs touch muscles.
Organs try to mimic or imitate different musical sounds.
Organs wait for the arrival of hormones.
Organs work together as a system to perform common functions.
Organs work together as organ systems.
Organs work together as systems.
Organs often consist of more than one cell or tissue type.
Organs often have two or three, or even four keyboards, which organists call manuals.
All organ break down.
All organs are composed of the same four kinds of tissues.
All organs are intact.
All organs are surrounded by capillaries , and are made up of tissues .
All organs are surrounded by capillaries, and are made up of tissues.
All organs have a quorum, independent of the number of persons present.
All organs have moving parts and mechanical contacts, especially for all the keys.
All organs radiate only during their resorption.
All organs suffer the effects of tobacco use.
All organs work together in the functioning of the whole.
Any organ can create a hernia.
Any organ is most sensitive when it is developing most rapidly.
Every organ has a reason to be there .
Every organ has a reason to be there.
Every organ has an integral role to play throughout one s entire life.
Every organ has corresponding point.
Every organ is encased in fluid.
Every organ is implored to relax.
Every organ is present, and the heart beats sturdily.
Every organ is present.
Many organs are more sensitive at certain times and under certain conditions than at others.
Many organs live in the pelvis, including the uterus, ovaries, fallopian tubes.
Many organs reside within cavities within the body.
Many organs respond so well to conservation work that little or no restoration work is needed.
Most organs absorb nutrients.
Most organs affect drug metabolism.
Most organs affect metabolism.
Most organs are affected by diseases.
Most organs are affected by lupus.
Most organs are affected by respiratory diseases.
Most organs are only useful while they are still alive.
Most organs are possessed by aquatic creatures.
Most organs are possessed by creatures.
Most organs are possessed by many aquatic creatures.
Most organs being transplanted come from cadaver donors.
Most organs come from accident victims.
Most organs connect with metal pegs.
Most organs consist of ducts.
Most organs consist of filament.
Most organs consist of tissue.
Most organs contain fluid.
Most organs contain fluorescent substances.
Most organs contain pigment.
Most organs contain substances.
Most organs digest food.
Most organs eliminate water.
Most organs employ a computer-type memory system to hold registrations.
Most organs get their supply of blood directly from the heart.
Most organs have a lot of wooden pipes .
Most organs have a lot of wooden pipes.
Most organs have a reserve of undifferentiated stem cells that can divide in response to injury.
Most organs have ability.
Most organs have additional features.
Most organs have amaze ability.
Most organs have at least two .
Most organs have at least two.
Most organs have biological functions.
Most organs have distinct functions.
Most organs have embryonic origins.
Most organs have endocrine functions.
Most organs have functions in only one organ system.
Most organs have functions.
Most organs have hundreds of pipes, so often a day or more is needed to completely tune an organ.
Most organs have origins.
Most organs have purposes.
Most organs have receptors.
Most organs have same embryonic origins.
Most organs have similar functions.
Most organs have structures.
Most organs have types.
Most organs involve in respiration.
Most organs perform basic functions.
Most organs perform bodily functions.
Most organs perform certain functions.
Most organs perform certain relate functions.
Most organs perform different functions.
Most organs perform essential functions.
Most organs perform excretory functions.
Most organs perform functions.
Most organs perform many essential functions.
Most organs perform relate functions.
Most organs perform similar functions.
Most organs perform specific functions.
Most organs perform vital functions.
Most organs play big roles.
Most organs play crucial roles.
Most organs play essential roles.
Most organs play important roles.
Most organs play large roles.
Most organs play roles.
Most organs possess a complex network of nerves often with multiple origins from different pathways.
Most organs produce digestive enzymes.
Most organs produce enzymes.
Most organs produce fluid.
Most organs produce metabolic waste.
Most organs produce seminal fluid.
Most organs produce specific substances.
Most organs produce substances.
Most organs produce waste.
Most organs receive nerves from both - dual innervation b.
Most organs reduce glucose utilization and use fatty acids.
Most organs respond to chemical stimulation.
Most organs respond to motor stimulation.
Most organs respond to specific stimuli.
Most organs respond to stimulation.
Most organs respond to stimuli.
Most organs retain characteristics.
Most organs serve biological functions.
Most organs serve different functions.
Most organs serve functions.
Most organs serve important biological functions.
Most organs serve important functions.
Most organs serve protective functions.
Most organs serve purposes.
Most organs serve specific functions.
Most organs stimulate secretion.
Most organs touch muscles.
Some organs absorb food.
Some organs absorb water.
Some organs allow breaths.
Some organs also have some pipes made of brass that sound like trumpets .
Some organs also have some pipes made of brass that sound like trumpets.
Some organs are behind stomachs.
Some organs are called hollow organs because they have an empty tube or pouch.
Some organs are located in reptiles.
Some organs are more sensitive to the electrical interference, or more critical when interrupted.
Some organs are near joints.
Some organs are near leg joints.
Some organs are near tails.
Some organs are vital to our survival such as the bone marrow.
Some organs break down food.
Some organs collect urine.
Some organs collect waste.
Some organs consist of glands.
Some organs consist of lymph nodes.
Some organs consist of nodes.
Some organs consist of ovaries.
Some organs contain bacteria.
Some organs contain endocrine cells or tissues.
Some organs contain fatty tissue.
Some organs contain food.
Some organs contain luminous bacteria.
Some organs contain muscle tissue.
Some organs contain smooth muscle tissue.
Some organs contain starches.
Some organs contain tissue.
Some organs contain tumor tissue.
Some organs crush food.
Some organs deliver semen.
Some organs detect light.
Some organs detect movement.
Some organs detect rotation.
Some organs detect scent.
Some organs detect stimuli.
Some organs detect various stimuli.
Some organs excrete excess water.
Some organs excrete waste.
Some organs excrete water.
Some organs expel water.
Some organs facilitate identification.
Some organs generate electricity.
Some organs get autoimmune disorder.
Some organs get disorder.
Some organs grind food.
Some organs have a greater potential to develop cancer than others.
Some organs have hooks.
Some organs have tips.
Some organs increase fitnesses.
Some organs increase reproductive fitnesses.
Some organs involve in excretion.
Some organs involve in human excretion.
Some organs locate on sides.
Some organs look like horse penises.
Some organs look like penises.
Some organs only function in a particular one.
Some organs possess cilia.
Some organs produce hormone melatonin.
Some organs produce hormones.
Some organs produce internal secretion.
Some organs produce melatonin.
Some organs produce milk.
Some organs produce secretion.
Some organs produce sound.
Some organs produce spores.
Some organs produce watery secretion.
Some organs promote photosynthesis.
Some organs provide information.
Some organs provide relate information.
Some organs pump blood.
Some organs pump water.
Some organs regulate storage.
Some organs release air.
Some organs remove certain waste materials.
Some organs remove materials.
Some organs remove metabolic waste.
Some organs remove oxygen.
Some organs remove products.
Some organs remove waste materials.
Some organs remove waste products.
Some organs remove waste.
Some organs run down sides.
Some organs secrete insulin.
Some organs show an active uptake of radioactivity, e.g. the liver and the kidney.
Some organs stay intact.
Some organs store liquid waste.
Some organs store urine.
Some organs supply water.
Some organs support organs.
Some organs support other organs.
Some organs surround digestive organs.
Some organs surround organs.
Some organs wear out faster than others, so certain observations are especially important to make.
Some organs work together in body systems.
An organdy is a muslin
Organdy is the stiffer of the two.
Some organdy is nearly as stiff as a fine wire screen.
Organellar genomes utilize a slightly modified code.
Organelle lipids undergo rapid reversible rearrangements as body temperature drops.
Organelle movement is also critical during differentiation.
Organelle ribosomes are more similar in size to prokaryotic ribosomes.
An organelle is an organ
Organelle isa organ.
Organelles allow eukaryotic cells to carry out more functions than prokaryotic cells.
Organelles allow unicells to perform all the life processes.
Organelles also give protection to vital structures.
Organelles are absent.
Organelles are Bacterial endosymbionts in Archaeal hosts.
Organelles are diverse membrane-bound compartments in eukaryote cells.
Organelles are generally sparse.
Organelles are identified by microscopy , and can also be purified by cell fractionation .
Organelles are like the organs in our bodies.
Organelles are located within the cytoplasm.
Organelles are membrane bound subdivisions, each specialised for a specific function.
Organelles are membrane-bordered functional unities of the cell.
Organelles are organs.
Organelles are part of cells.
Organelles are small structures that exist within cells.
Organelles are small structures within cells that perform dedicated functions.
Organelles are special areas of the cell that do different work .
Organelles are special areas of the cell that do different work.
Organelles are special structures in cells that perform specific functions.
Organelles are structures inside the cell that have a specific function.
Organelles are structures that perform specific functions for the cell.
Organelles are tiny organs within each cell.
Organelles are usually specialized, membrane-bound features of a cell.
Organelles can be from place to place in a cell by attaching to microtubule track ways.
Organelles carry out specific functions within the cell.
Organelles contain enzymes needed for penetration of host cells.
Organelles contain highly technical equipment required for specific jobs within the cell.
Organelles contain pigment.
Organelles Describe the types and functions of organelles.
Organelles Find out the functions of the different parts of a cell.
Organelles have (part) corpi.
Organelles have (part) lobes.
Organelles have functions.
Organelles have organs.
Organelles have ribosomes.
Organelles have specialized functions within the cells, such as energy transduction or motility.
Organelles have specific functions.
Organelles including nucleus, chloroplasts are present, and cell walls are present.
Organelles occupy nearly half the volume of the cell.
Organelles perform functions.
Organelles perform specific functions within a cell.
Organelles perform specific functions.
Organelles perform the vital functions that keep our cells alive.
Organelles play vital roles in various cellular activities.
Organelles separate specific reactions in the cell and increase metabolic efficiency.
Organelles serve specific purposes within the cell, ranging from building proteins to making energy.
Every organelle has at least one Rab for each transport step.
Most organelles are interwoven and work based on the work performed by other units in the cell.
Most organelles contain pigment.
Most organelles have functions.
Most organelles have organs.
Most organelles have specific functions.
Most organelles perform functions.
Most organelles perform specific functions.
Some organelles act like oars.
Some organelles contain chlorophyll.
Some organelles contain enzymes.
Some organelles contain genetic materials.
Some organelles contain grain.
Some organelles contain materials.
Some organelles contain starch grain.
Some organelles contain substances.
Some organelles simultaneously engage multiple motors, for different directions of travel.
Some organelles synthesize proteins.
Some organelles use for anaerobic respiration.
Some organelles use for respiration.
Organic acid is organic compounds.
Organic acids are also a natural product of composting, especially when anaerobic conditions exist.
Organic acids are dangerous materials to handle.
Organic acids are highly corrosive to metal machine parts and paint.
Organic acids are more effective as preservatives in the undissociated state.
Organic acids are much, much milder than mineral acids and occur quite commonly in everyday life.
Organic acids are very important compounds in living things.
Organic acids contain carbon atoms.
Organic acids find use in medicines.
Organic acids have a carboxyl group and long a chain of carbons attached to it.
Organic acids play an important role in the flavor and taste of plant-derived foods.
All organic acids are soluble in organic solvents like benzene, ethanol, ether, etc.
Many organic acids are naturally present in food items.
Most organic acids are very weak.
Some organic acid derives from bacteria.
Some organic acid is released by bacteria.
Some organic acid produces during metabolism.
Some organic acid stimulates growth.
Organic acidemias can cause hypoglycemia, but with ketoacidosis.
Organic activity occurs as plant roots slowly pry apart the rock as the plant grows larger.
Organic aficionados are confident that the food they consume is both safer and healthier.
Organic agents are more likely to be used in the clarification of premium wines.
Organic agriculture can contribute to local food security in several ways.
Organic agriculture differs greatly in input use from conventional agricultural systems.
Organic agriculture does have the potential for a large scale and very efficient production.
Organic agriculture helps keep their communities and the environment healthy.
Organic agriculture is a production system that s here to stay.
Organic agriculture is a production system that's here to stay.
Organic agriculture is actually quite dependent on manure from animals fed with non-organic crops.
Organic agriculture is an item in the Dutch agricultural politicy.
Organic agriculture is an opportunity for many farmers.
Organic agriculture is based on a strikingly different set of values.
Organic agriculture is based on soil life community.
Organic agriculture is no longer a cottage industry.
Organic agriculture is predicated on such a balanced ecosystem.
Organic agriculture is sustainable and in high demand.
Organic agriculture is sustainable.
Organic agriculture is the most commonly held example of a sustainable food production system.
Organic agriculture is viable and sustainable.
Organic agriculture offers important elements for the search of sustainability.
Organic agriculture promotes the long range sustainability of soil and water supply.
Organic agriculture requires a diversity of crops and livestock.
Organic agriculture respects the balance necessary for a healthy ecosystem.
Organic agriculture respects the land and the wild creatures who live on it.
Organic agriculture seems to reflect a philosophy of respect for the land and nature.
Organic agriculture utilizes methods that minimize pollution from air, soil and water.
Organic amendments are a safer but more expensive way to fertilize crops than inorganic ones.
Organic amendments break apart tight clays and hold water and nutrients in loose sands.
Organic amendments come from something that is or was alive.
Organic amendments impacts on near-surface shear strength .
Organic amendments improve soils affected by compaction, poor drainage, and erosion.
Organic amendments increase soil organic matter content and offer many benefits.
Any organic amendment is a potential source of nitrogen that can stimulate plant growth.
Many organic amendments contain plant nutrients and act as organic fertilizers.
Organic amine phosphates esters of dibasic and monbasic acids.
Organic analysis is often much more complicated.
Organic apples can be cheaper, tastier and better for the environment.
Organic apples have a beauty that goes down to the core.
Organic architecture provides clients with a unique home that is custom tailored to their lifestyle.
Organic arsenic can cause neither cancer, nor DNA damage.
Organic arsenic is less harmful.
Organic arsenic is the active ingredient in some pesticides, mostly weed killers.
Organic arsenic is usually less harmful than inorganic arsenic.
Organic art grows out of the community.
Organic arugula is verdant and nutty without being too sharp.
Organic bakery makes outstanding breads, scones, cookies, etc.
Organic bases are bases witha carbone backbone.
Organic Bears are gluten-free and completely vegan, suitable for a wide range of special diets.
Organic bedding can provide a suitable substrate for the growth and reproduction of microorganisms.
Organic bedding is readily available, inexpensive, and can be used on any type of stall base.
Organic beef is free of antibiotics and is raised unconfined on organic feed.
Organic beings consume and in turn are consumed.
Organic berries have an incredible flavor.
Organic bonds tend to soften under the heat of grinding.
Organic bread is made and sold there.
Organic bromides are also important.
Some organic butters contain almonds.
Some organic butters contain organic almonds.
Some organic butters contain raw almonds.
Some organic butters contain raw organic almonds.
Organic canister face mask if handler is sensitive to petroleum distillates.
Organic carbon comes from living or once-living things, including fossil fuels.
Organic carbon has an important role in carbon cycling in the ocean.
Organic carbon is a quantitative measure of organic matter.
Organic carbon is a semi-volatile hydrocarbon from combustion and some evaporative sources.
Organic carbon is converted to carbon dioxide and hydrogen to water vapor.
Organic carbon is the primary pollutant the two are trying to control with wetlands.
Organic carbon stored in the geosphere can remain there for millions of years.
Organic carrots have the same or better nutritionnal value than conventionnal one.
Organic causes can include a variety of drugs and alcohol.
Organic certificates are valid for one year.
Organic certification is handled by trained inspectors and the certification committee.
Organic certification is the longest-standing type of certification in the marketplace today.
Organic certification prohibits irradiation, sewage sludge, and genetic engineering.
Organic certifications are certifications.
Organic change is the result of disease.
Organic chemicals are chemicals that contain carbon atoms.
Organic chemicals are compounds containing carbon, including hydrocarbons and other petrochemicals.
Organic chemicals cause the color differences.
Organic chemicals cause the color of the belts.
Many organic chemicals are more strictly controlled.
Many organic chemicals react readily with chlorine, sometimes violently.
Some organic chemicals contain orange pigment.
Some organic chemicals contain pigment.
Organic chemists are also very interested in the three dimensional shapes of molecules.
Organic chemists are also welcome.
Organic chemists develop drug, petrochemicals, fertilizers, and plastics.
Organic Chemists do it on the bench.
Organic chemists focus on carbon-based compounds used in prescription drugs and fertilizers.
Organic chemists know how to cleave Double Bonds.
Organic chemists study reaction.
Organic chemists study the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Organic chemists study the chemistry of the compounds made of carbon.
Organic chemists study the chemistry of the vast number of carbon compounds.
Organic chemists study the structure, properties, and reactions of molecules that contain carbon.
Organic chemists thrive in a highly interdisciplinary and team environment.
Organic chemists use many shortcuts in drawing complex molecules.
Organic chemists use tetramethyl silane as a standard.
Organic chemists work with molecules big and small.
Every organic chemist has one.
Some organic chemists use acid.
Organic chemistry can be a daunting subject.
Organic chemistry defines life.
Organic chemistry encompasses study of all carbon-hydrogen compounds.
Organic chemistry focuses on carbon-containing compounds and mixtures.
Organic chemistry fundamentals as they relate to industrial processes.
Organic chemistry has rules for naming compounds with substituent groups .
Organic chemistry has rules for naming compounds with substituent groups.
Organic chemistry involves the study of hydrocarbons.
Organic chemistry is a branch of chemistry that deals with covalent bonded carbon only.
Organic chemistry is a cumulative subject.
Organic chemistry is a demanding course for many students.
Organic chemistry is a driving force in their development.
Organic chemistry is a linear subject, meaning new material is usually built on older material.
Organic chemistry is a living, active science.
Organic chemistry is a prerequisite.
Organic chemistry is a science based on the study of a. functional groups.
Organic chemistry is a science based on the study of A. vital forces interacting with matter.
Organic chemistry is a three dimensional science.
Organic chemistry is a vertical subject and exams reflect the cumulative nature of the science.
Organic chemistry is a very cumulative subject.
Organic chemistry is at the core of the modern chemical industry as well as the areas listed above.
Organic chemistry is basically the study of carbon compounds .
Organic chemistry is basically the study of carbon compounds.
Organic chemistry is both detailed and extensive.
Organic chemistry is chemistry
Organic chemistry is chemistry.
Organic chemistry is concerned with carbon compounds.
Organic chemistry is concerned with the compounds of carbon.
Organic chemistry is cumulative, and continually builds on itself throughout the course.
Organic chemistry is discussed in terms of modern theory.
Organic chemistry is fun.
Organic chemistry is largely memorization.
Organic chemistry is more a way of thinking than a bunch of facts to be memorized.
Organic chemistry is much more than equations.
Organic chemistry is one.
Organic chemistry is part of science.
Organic chemistry is recommended as preparation for the course.
Organic chemistry is recommended.
Organic chemistry is relentlessly cumulative and intensely interrelated.
Organic chemistry is remorselessly cumulative.
Organic chemistry is the branch which deals with the study of the compunds of carbon.
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon containing compounds.
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of drugs, plastics, foods, and clothing.
Organic chemistry is the foundation for the pharmaceutical, fuels, and plastics industries.
Organic chemistry is the study of all carbon compounds found on the planet.
Organic chemistry is the study of carbon compounds.
Organic chemistry is the study of carbon-based molecules.
Organic chemistry is the study of compounds containing carbon.
Organic chemistry is the study of hydrocabons and related compounds.
Organic chemistry is the study of long chains and rings of carbon atoms.
Organic chemistry is the study of molecules containing carbon.
Organic chemistry is the study of the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Organic chemistry is the study of the compounds of carbon.
Organic chemistry is the study of the covalent compounds based on the elements carbon and hydrogen.
Organic chemistry is used to develop and manufacture everything from plastics to life-saving drugs.
Organic chemistry is very difficult.
Organic chemistry is very interrelated.
Organic chemistry studies compounds.
Organic chemistry takes time and practice.
Organic chemistry touches nearly every facet of our lives, from plastics to pharmaceuticals.
Organic chemistry vertebrate anatomy and physiology or permission of instructor.
Organic chemistry's a darn good thing to know.
Some organic chemistry is included.
Organic chestnuts are preferable.
Organic clothing is ideal.
Organic coating is enviornmentally safe.
Organic coffee is also shade tolerant.
Organic coffee is better for both the environment and the coffee farmers.
Organic coffee is both a better tasting brew, and a more socially responsible choice.
Organic coffee is cultivated without pesticides, herbicides or chemical fertilizers.
Organic coffee is grown without synthetic fertilizers, herbicides, or insecticides.
Organic coffee is healthier for the land and the people who live and work around it.
Organic coffee is healthy for our planet's environment, the coffee grower, and the coffee drinker.
Organic coffee is produced by an approach that views the farm as an ecosystem.
Organic coffees are available from northern Peru.
Organic cold pressed sesame seed oil is the Queen of all oils for the human skin.
Organic companies know that there's an implicit contract between employer and employee.
Organic components acts as a link between abiotic and biotic components.
Organic components comprise the bulk of landfill weight.
Organic components create flavor.
Organic components create unique flavor.
Most organic components create flavor.
Most organic components create unique flavor.
Some organic components consist of collagen.
Organic compost absorbs water.
Organic compost is created by children combining cafeteria waste, dead leaves, and garden cuttings.
Most organic compost absorbs water.
An organic compound is a compound
Organic compound absorb infrared light in unique ways.
Organic compound is the name for the carbon compounds found in all living things.
Organic compounds are chemicals that contain carbon, hydrogen, and usually oxygen.
Organic compounds are compounds that contain carbon and hydrogen.
Organic compounds are compounds.
Organic compounds are even more widespread than the inorganic metals.
Organic compounds are found in living organisms.
Organic compounds are generally different from inorganic compounds because they contain carbon.
Organic compounds are made and oxygen is given off as a by-product.
Organic compounds are molecules of one or more elements covalently bonded to carbon atoms.
Organic compounds are mostly insoluble in water.
Organic compounds are named according to the organic nomenclature system.
Organic compounds are often very large and are usually held together by covalent bonds.
Organic compounds are ones with a carbon skeleton.
Organic compounds are organic matter.
Organic compounds are prepared, separated, purified, and characterized.
Organic compounds are substances that contain carbon.
Organic compounds are the compounds made up of the chemical element carbon.
Organic compounds can also plug the pores.
Organic compounds can be of many types and can have many origins.
Organic compounds come from living things.
Organic compounds compose of carbon.
Organic compounds consist mainly of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
Organic compounds contain a. carbon and usually other elements.
Organic compounds contain at least one carbon atom.
Organic compounds contain atoms.
Organic compounds contain carbon and hydrogen.
Organic compounds contain carbon atoms.
Organic compounds contain carbon.
Organic compounds containing nitrogen are of great importance in biochemistry .
Organic compounds containing sulfur are very important.
Organic compounds derive from dead plants.
Organic compounds derive from plants.
Organic compounds dissolved in solvents are the active molecules in all dye lasers.
Organic compounds form materials.
Organic compounds form plant materials.
Organic compounds form the basic building blocks of living tissue.
Organic compounds form the chemical basis for life and are more abundant than inorganic compounds .
Organic compounds have amounts.
Organic compounds have bonds.
Organic compounds have chemical bonds.
Organic compounds have effects.
Organic compounds have large amounts.
Organic compounds have profound effects.
Organic compounds have triple bonds.
Organic compounds include solvent.
Organic compounds leached from soil also cause foam.
Organic compounds make up all living matter.
Organic compounds move within a cell through a process called cyclosis or cytoplasmic streaming .
Organic compounds occur in the globules, and structures resembling fossil bacteria are present.
Organic Compounds pg.
Organic compounds play roles.
Organic compounds provide nutrients.
Organic compounds tend to be nonpolar and tend to react slowly unless heated.
Organic compounds tend to break down when left to themselves.
Organic compounds tend to dissolve in organic solvents .
Organic compounds vary greatly in their rate of decomposition.
All organic compounds contain carbon.
Any organic compound is subject to oxidation under proper conditions.
Many organic compounds contain nitrogen.
Many organic compounds exist as a combination of their enantiomers.
Most organic compounds are nonelectrolytes.
Most organic compounds compose of carbon.
Most organic compounds contain atoms.
Most organic compounds contain carbon atoms.
Most organic compounds derive from dead plants.
Most organic compounds derive from plants.
Most organic compounds form materials.
Most organic compounds form plant materials.
Most organic compounds have amounts.
Most organic compounds have bonds.
Most organic compounds have chemical bonds.
Most organic compounds have effects.
Most organic compounds have large amounts.
Most organic compounds have profound effects.
Most organic compounds have triple bonds.
Most organic compounds play roles.
Most organic compounds provide nutrients.
Some organic compounds are made of acid.
Some organic compounds are made of amino acid.
Some organic compounds are produced by bacteria.
Some organic compounds are produced by common bacteria.
Some organic compounds are produced by common soil bacteria.
Some organic compounds are produced by photosynthesis.
Some organic compounds are produced by soil bacteria.
Some organic compounds are susceptible to hydrolysis.
Some organic compounds become food.
Some organic compounds cause acute diseases.
Some organic compounds cause diseases.
Some organic compounds conduct electricity.
Some organic compounds contain acetylene.
Some organic compounds contain hydrogen.
Some organic compounds contain sulfur.
Some organic compounds contribute to health problems.
Some organic compounds contribute to problems.
Some organic compounds decrease oxidation.
Some organic compounds find in plants.
Some organic compounds find in pollute water.
Some organic compounds find in tea.
Some organic compounds find in water.
Some organic compounds form peroxides in a matter of months under the right circumstance.
Some organic compounds have smaller molecules but they contain hydrogen as well as carbon.
Some organic compounds increase acidity.
Some organic compounds inhibit growth.
Some organic compounds inhibit reproduction.
Some organic compounds melt through mesophases , states of partial order between solid and liquid.
Some organic compounds occur in plants.
Some organic compounds participate in atmospheric reaction.
Some organic compounds participate in reaction.
Some organic compounds produce fibre.
Some organic compounds produce synthetic fibre.
Some organic compounds promote activities.
Some organic compounds promote microbial activities.
Some organic compounds support growth.
Some organic compounds use energy.
Organic consumer see their own wellness as intrinsically connected to the wellness of the earth.
Many organic consumers are interested in environmental protection.
Organic contaminants have chains of carbon atoms as their basic building blocks.
Organic contaminants require increased concentration.
Some organic contaminants can transfer across.
Organic content is the most important feature.
Organic controls work better and last longer.
Organic core produces less smoke and odor than rosin flux.
Organic cotton has no chemical residue to harm baby.
Organic cotton is a great way to implement it.
Organic cotton is cotton grown without the use of synthetic fertilisers, perstcides or defoliants.
Organic cotton is grown and processed with out chemical fertilizers and pesticides.
Organic cotton is grown with out pesticides and chemical fertilizers and is allergy free .
Organic cotton is grown without pesticides.
Organic cotton is grown without the toxic chemicals that can harm the environment or people.
Organic cotton is grown without the use of harmful pesticides and chemicals.
Organic cotton is increasingly available and affordable.
Organic cotton is poised to revolutionize the way clothing is made and worn.
Organic cotton is safe and nurturing for a chemical free natural sleep.
Organic cotton is the solution.
Organic cotton makes a superb quality product with a substantial reduction in impact.
Most organic cotton is grown in Texas and California, and some in North Carolina.
Organic cows are free of antibiotics used as routine prevention.
Organic crops are more varied, whereas conventional farimg focuses on one crop.
Organic cultivation is nothing new to India.
Organic dairies are the primary buyers of organic hay.
Organic debris accumulates on pond bottoms as a result of any catfish production.
Organic debris builds up in drains.
Organic debris can also be an important component of the diet.
Organic debris can decay and add sediment to the water.
Organic deposits are materials that consist of accumulations of local vegetation.
Some organic deposits can become very thick.
Organic development begins with an individual unit of life, a single cell.
Organic diets consist of food.
Organic diets consist of whole food.
Most organic diets consist of food.
Most organic diets consist of whole food.
Organic discs tend to slip when hot.
Organic disorder is disorder
Organic disorders account for the majority of all cases of erectile dysfunction.
Organic dyes are colored.
Some organic dyes have high reflectance in the far red.
Organic eggs are also another part of organic farming.
Organic eggs are best, and try to find eggs from pastured or free-range chickens.
Organic eggs are one of the best dietary sources.
Organic eggs have far lower levels of saturated fat than non organic eggs.
Organic elements are available for fertilization and for pest control.
Organic energy can also move from one ecosystem to another by a variety of processes.
Organic enrichment is apparent in some of the Rock River tributaries.
Organic entities are the products of nature, and the production takes places through eons of time.
Organic enzymes increase the cation exchange capacity of the soil by releasing hydrogen radicals.
Organic ethers pose fire hazards.
Organic evolution is a biological process
Organic evolution is descent with modification.
Organic evolution refers to changes in populations.
Organic experience is a plus.
Organic Experts speak in voice of doom.
Organic Facts Get the facts on organic gardening.
Organic farms are good for wildlife.
Organic farms are virtually pesticide free, which is better for wildlife.
Organic Farms Can.
Organic farms minimize that risk by eliminating the use of harmful chemicals.
Organic farms tend to be more diversified than conventional farms.
Organic farms tend to be smaller and more labour-intensive.
Many organic farms succeed in environmental and social factors, but fail economically.
Most organic farms are small family farms.
Some organic farms use organic pesticide.
Some organic farms use pesticide.
Organic farmers add organic material to the land.
Organic farmers are for the second consecutive year receiving subsidies from the state.
Organic farmers are furious.
Organic farmers are inherently entrepreneurial.
Organic farmers are limited to non-synthetic sources of nitrogen fertilizer.
Organic farmers are often early adopters, refining technologies that spread to all farms.
Organic farmers are opposed.
Organic farmers are risk-takers.
Organic farmers are society's brightest hope for change.
Organic farmers are the true high rollers.
Organic farmers build healthy soils by fertilizing and building soil organic matter.
Organic farmers build soil fertility.
Organic farmers build the soil using composted organic matter and crop rotations.
Organic farmers can take advantage of existing agri-environment schemes.
Organic farmers depend heavily on plowing to manage weeds without herbicides.
Organic farmers deserve their share of America's agricultural research dollars.
Organic farmers disagree.
Organic farmers do everything they can to eliminate pesticide use.
Organic farmers follow environmentally responsible business practices.
Organic farmers foster soil fertility through proper tillage and crop rotation.
Organic farmers grow just one crop each season, which helps to conserve the soil's nutrients.
Organic farmers have a label with there name on it.
Organic farmers have an added cost of compliance with organic certification standards.
Organic farmers have no trouble sleeping at night.
Organic farmers have the Earth's welfare in mind.
Organic farmers have to be even more tuned in because there is usually no quick cure.
Organic farmers know certain plants.
Organic farmers know plant certain plants.
Organic farmers know plants.
Organic farmers manage and promote diversity within their ecosystem.
Organic farmers manage pigweeds by taking advantage of their points of vulnerability.
Organic farmers produce foods for the discerning shopper.
Organic farmers produce high yields of healthy foods without chemicals.
Organic farmers provide an alternative.
Organic farmers pursue their craft for different reasons.
Organic farmers recognize potential negative environmental impact from their practices and systems.
Organic farmers refrain from using chemicals and mineral fertilizer.
Organic farmers say that conversion to organic methods takes about three or four years.
Organic farmers take special care to insure that their soil is fertile and nutrient rich.
Organic farmers use a blend of old and new technologies and scientific practices.
Organic farmers use biological pest control to selectively hold down the populations of pests.
Organic farmers use Bt as their main line of defense against insects.
Organic farmers use Bt because it is produced by a natural bacterium.
Organic farmers use complex crop rotations to maintain as natural a habitat as possible.
Organic farmers use methods such as forced-air storage to try to achieve the same result.
Organic farmers use natural pesticide.
Organic farmers use pesticide.
Organic farmers use sulphur as a weak pesticide.
Organic farmers use synthetic pesticide.
Organic farmers use techniques to protect their most valuable resource.
Organic farmers use wireless technology to sell online.
Organic farmers work hard to ensure that plants are naturally strong and disease-resistant.
Organic farmers work in harmony with nature.
Organic farmers work to raise the fertility of their soil through sustainable agricultural methods.
All organic farmers know their soil.
Many organic farmers propagate heritage and other unusual varieties for even greater diversity.
Many organic farmers rely on a natural bacterial spray to control certain crop pests.
Many organic farmers use fertilizer and various non-toxic pesticides.
Most organic farmers know certain plants.
Most organic farmers know plants.
Most organic farmers rely on crop rotations to break pest and disease cycles.
Most organic farmers use natural pesticide.
Most organic farmers use pesticide.
Most organic farmers use synthetic pesticide.
Some organic farmers are no-tilling tomatoes and pumpkins.
Some organic farmers are specially interested in the spiritual side of their work.
Some organic farmers prefer to simply use heavy mulches, with no manure or compost.
Some organic farmers sell vegetables directly through box schemes .
Some organic farmers treat goats.
Some organic farmers write letters.
Organic farming are agriculture.
Organic farming have niches.
Organic feeds are the only ones that are guaranteed to be free of genetically modified ingredients.
Organic felts can lose much strength when they become saturated with moisture.
An organic fertiliser is fertilizer
Organic fertilisers are really just man speeding up nature's process.
Organic fertilisers tend to break down slowly in the soil, so they are usually quite long lasting.
Organic fertilisers work on soil health in order to enhance plant health.
Organic fertilizer contains nitrogen.
Organic fertilizer contains nutrients.
Organic fertilizer contains plant nutrients.
Organic fertilizer is best, such as cow manure.
Organic fertilizer is fertilizer
Organic fertilizer provides nutrients.
Organic fertilizer provides plant nutrients.
Organic fertilizers are available at most nurseries and garden centers.
Organic fertilizers are environmentally safe materials.
Organic fertilizers are exceptional in creating long term benefits in soil.
Organic fertilizers are fertilizers derived from animal matter , human excreta or vegetable matter .
Organic fertilizers are less likely to burn the roots of the plant.
Organic fertilizers are like an insurance policy.
Organic fertilizers are made from materials derived from living things.
Organic fertilizers are manures, bone meal, cotton seed or other naturally occurring materials.
Organic fertilizers are naturally slow release.
Organic fertilizers are naturally slow-release.
Organic fertilizers are safe to use, but expensive per unit of actual plant foods.
Organic fertilizers are slower, but longer lasting than chemical fertilizers.
Organic fertilizers are the result of the natural decomposition of plant and animal waste.
Organic fertilizers build the soil structure, feeding plants slowly over a longer period of time.
Organic fertilizers can be more expensive and less accessible than inorganic fertilizers.
Organic fertilizers can benefit long term soil conditions by increasing organic matter content.
Organic fertilizers contain no chemical salts, which can burn vegetation.
Organic fertilizers contain raw materials meant to stimulate and feed the life in the soil.
Organic fertilizers contain the same nutrients as the synthetic types and are just as effective.
Organic fertilizers feed the soil which in turn feeds the plant.
Organic fertilizers feed the soil, where the all-important roots call home.
Organic fertilizers feed the soil, which in turn feeds the plant.
Organic fertilizers have a much lower ratio.
Organic fertilizers have a slower release rate which releases nutrients over several months.
Organic fertilizers have plant and animal items, like decayed leaves and manure.
Organic fertilizers help build new life in the soil.
Organic fertilizers help to improve the texture and water and nutrient-holding ability of the soil.
Organic fertilizers improve the soil composition with nutrients and minerals.
Organic fertilizers improve the soil's condition, allowing water and air to move through the soil.
Organic fertilizers keep plants healthy.
Organic fertilizers offer a wide spectrum of nutrients and help build healthy soil.
Organic fertilizers perform best, since the trees are subject to fertilizer burn.
Organic fertilizers provide many trace elements, major nutrients, as well as organic matter.
Organic fertilizers tend to be more expensive than inorganic.
Organic fertilizers tend to have low amounts of nitrogen.
Organic fertilizers use nature's own slow release process to make nutrients available.
Organic fertilizers vary considerably in price.
Organic fertilizers work faster in potting mixes that contain some soil or compost.
Organic fertilizers work very well.
Most organic fertilizer contains nitrogen.
Most organic fertilizer contains nutrients.
Most organic fertilizer contains plant nutrients.
Most organic fertilizer provides nutrients.
Most organic fertilizer provides plant nutrients.
Most organic fertilizers contain relatively low concentrations of actual nutrients.
Some organic fertilizer attracts insects.
Some organic fertilizer causes pollution.
Some organic fertilizers have high nitrogen levels and low amounts of phosphorus.
Organic fibers are safe to wear and use because they contain nothing harmful.
Organic fibers create the magic of their Native dress and expressions.
Organic fibres are also present.
Organic fields lie fallow every two to three years, allowing the soil to replenish itself naturally.
Organic films degrade quickly when exposed to air, water, or ultraviolet light.
Organic flowers are a sure way to know the health of people and the environment is protected.
Some organic fluid has pressure.
Some organic fluid has sufficient pressure.
Organic fluorides are generally much less toxic and are often quite harmless.
Many organic foams produce a significant amount of rebound when they are impacted.
Organic food can be expensive.
Organic food can cost at least one to two dollars more than conventional or processed food.
Organic food does cost more on average.
Organic food grown from traditional, open-pollinated seed is best.
Organic food is a misnomer.
Organic food is about great taste, freshness and convenience.
Organic food is also more nutritious than foods grown with pesticides.
Organic food is an environmental issue.
Organic food is an important element in eradicating modern diseases.
Organic food is certified based on standards set state by state, by an impartial third-party agency.
Organic food is difficult.
Organic food is food.
Organic food is fresher and tastier.
Organic food is good for the health of the planet, as well as people.
Organic food is grown and processed without being treated with pesticides.
Organic food is grown in richer soil that gives food higher levels of vitamins and minerals.
Organic food is grown or made without pesticides, antibiotics, hormones.
Organic food is healthier.
Organic food is healthy and best for babies, children and adults.
Organic food is healthy food.
Organic food is healthy, nutritious and wholesome.
Organic food is more about avoiding pesticide residue, artificial hormones or antibiotics, etc.
Organic food is no fringe fad but a veritable phenomenon that's growing steadily every year.
Organic food is no longer the domain of the corner health food store.
Organic food is often more expensive as well.
Organic food is often more expensive than conventionally-grown food.
Organic food is one of the fastest growing areas of American agriculture.
Organic food is one of the fastest growing segments in the grocery industry.
Organic food is organic food.
Organic food is produced without the routine use of antibiotics.
Organic food is produced without the use of synthetic pesticides.
Organic food is richer and healthier for the human body as well as for the earth's ecology.
Organic food is subject to the same the costs of non-organic food.
Organic food is the fastest growing segment in the food industry.
Organic food is the food of the future.
Organic food is the ideal.
Organic food is the safest choice of all.
Organic food is typically more expensive than non-organic food.
Organic food is used in the cafe and for functions, as much as possible depending on availability.
Organic food looks different and is often more expensive than chemically treated food.
Organic food tastes better, and it's important to eat food as fresh as possible.
Organic food uses pesticides, too.
Organic foods acquire pesticide residues from water runoff, soil shifting and pesticides in the air.
Organic foods are a higher-value product with an expanding market for program participants.
Organic foods are by far the minority.
Organic foods are costly.
Organic foods are crops or livestock grown without the use of pesticides or synthetic chemicals.
Organic foods are extremely important in prevention and management of cancer.
Organic foods are foods that have the least amount of chemical additives.
Organic foods are free of genetically engineered organisms.
Organic foods are in fashion.
Organic foods are more expensive.
Organic foods are naturally high in potassium and low in sodium. . . .
Organic foods are no different than other foods, just more expensive.
Organic foods are no longer a fad or a trend, but are being accepted into the mass market.
Organic foods are safe foods, free of chemical pesticides and grown only with natural fertilizers.
Organic foods are the fastest growing segment of the American food industry.
Organic foods can cost up to twice as much as conventionally produced ones, especially meat.
Organic foods contain no chemicals, preservatives, or artificial colorings.
Organic foods cost more because they cost more to produce.
Organic foods do cost more.
Organic Foods Find pesticide-free and organically grown or raised foods.
Organic foods is by far the fastest growing segment of the food market both here and abroad.
Organic foods is the fastest growing trend in the food industry.
Organic foods pose a special problem.
Organic foods protect the consumer and production techniques protect the environment.
Organic foods reflect great diversity.
Organic foods represent a different market than non-organically grown foods.
Organic force is the inherent vigor latant in an organ.
Organic form is more speculative and centrifugal.
Organic forms are less toxic than inorganic forms.
Organic forms are the inspiration for striking silhouettes.
Organic forms dominate.
Organic forms express a harmonious unity where humanity feels at one with the world.
Organic forms found in ocean fish and seafood are relatively nontoxic.
Organic fungicides keep branch canker in check.
Organic garbage is converted to compost for garden fertilization.
Organic gardens are one way to help people find uncontaminated food.
Organic gardens have potential.
Most organic gardens have potential.
Organic gardeners are a lot easier to find here.
Organic gardeners are in luck.
Organic gardeners are painfully aware of pests in the garden.
Organic gardeners can use screened compost as a medium if it is well composted.
Organic gardeners choose plants.
Organic gardeners have many insecticides at their disposal.
Organic gardeners know that the soil matters greatly, and is also rapidly depleted.
Organic gardeners love gardens.
Organic gardeners pay a lot of attention to building healthy soil.
Organic gardeners tolerate small amounts of damage or imperfections.
Organic gardeners use a variety of methods to control insect pests.
Organic gardeners use a variety of natural sprays to control insects.
Organic Gardeners use manure on their crops.
Organic gardeners use pesticides.
Organic gardeners use products.
Organic gardeners use wood ash to put potassium into their soil.
Organic gardeners work to control just the pest insects.
Every organic gardener places their faith in recycling.
Many organic gardeners prefer to use manures instead of chemical fertilizers.
Most organic gardeners choose plants.
Most organic gardeners have a good sense of humus.
Most organic gardeners love gardens.
Most organic gardeners use products.
Some organic gardeners formulate medicine.
Some organic gardeners recommend a mixture of comfrey and kudzu leaves for composting.
Organic gardening are gardening.
Organic gardening begins with soil and compost.
Organic gardening can be a great big, fun experiment.
Organic gardening can be a wondrous experience.
Organic gardening does allow the use of approved organic pesticides and fertilizers.
Organic gardening emphasizes a holistic approach to cultivation.
Organic gardening has nothing against killing pests.
Organic gardening includes feeding the soil with nutrient-rich humus and compost.
Organic gardening involves growing plants without the use of pesticides and herbicides.
Organic gardening is a challenge in Hawaii.
Organic gardening is a method growing fruits and vegetables with things only found in nature.
Organic gardening is a method of gardening that uses no synthetic chemicals or fertilizers.
Organic gardening is also underway in many locales.
Organic gardening is both fun and rewarding.
Organic gardening is easy and economical, and an important contribution to the future of our planet.
Organic gardening is for the spiritually inclined.
Organic gardening is here to stay and many suppliers are offering organic or untreated seeds.
Organic gardening is more poular than ever.
Organic gardening is much more than merely a method of growing plants.
Organic gardening is popular with residents.
Organic gardening is sort of like eating.
Organic gardening is the method that they are working towards, but they aren t totally there yet.
All organic gardening is based on the philosophy of prevention rather than cure.
Organic geochemistry deals with the sources and cycling of organic matter in the geosphere.
Organic granules are also available.
Organic greens are good, but wild greens are the best.
Organic growers are also in an uproar.
Organic growers are likely to do the same.
Organic growers build healthy soil by using compost, crop rotations and green manures.
Organic growers feed the soil, which enhances soil life and increases long-term fertility.
Organic growers make use of insects, mulch, and sustainable cultivation techniques.
Organic growers manage soil fertility using a number of different strategies.
Organic growers pay the same assessment rate as conventional growers.
Organic growers produce now for both local and export market.
Organic growers tend to use organic insecticides as a last resort.
Organic growers use non-toxic means of controlling cotton pests.
Organic growers use pesticides too.
Organic growers work with nature, rather than trying to dominate it.
All organic growers practice crop rotation.
Most organic growers are small or family-owned farms whose owners walk the land.
Most organic growers raise vegetables and fruits.
Organic growth stands at the center of the Sika strategy.
Many organic halides occur in nature and others are produced in the laboratory.
Organic health is a direct byproduct of heavy exercise.
Organic herbs are skin soothers.
Organic herbs help to soothe, heal, and regenerate healthy skin.
Organic herbs soothe and rejuvenate.
Organic herbs soothe.
Organic honey is extracted by the 'cold press' method without the use of heat.
Organic humus is compost, well-rotted manure, peat moss, etc.
Organic hypoglycemia is related to a known anatomical lesion.
Organic imagery is used to symbolize an interior imaginal dimension.
Organic impotence involves the penile arteries, veins or both.
Some organic industries take positions.
Organic ingredients are the best.
Organic integrity is paramount here.
Organic interdependence is at the root of every thriving, robust ecosystem.
Organic iron can be colorless, but is usually yellow or pink in color.
Organic jewels tend to be coarsely textured.
Organic jewels tend to be encrusted with jewels.
Organic jewels tend to portray natural themes.
Organic lamb is back.
Organic lawns are healthier, greener, stronger, and more drought, pest, and disease tolerant.
Organic lawns are healthier, more pest and disease resistant, and, consequently, look better.
Some organic layers contain free carbonates.
Some organic layers provide nutrients.
Organic leadership is concerned with understanding the whole, relationships and processes.
Organic levels decrease with distance away from the source.
Organic life brings new birth.
Organic life oscillates between bloom and decay.
All organic life is colourful.
All organic life is fragrant, beautiful, delicious, and without thorn, or briar.
Organic liquids are non-aqueous unless otherwise indicated.
Most organic liquids are flammable or combustible.
Most organic liquids are flammable.
Most organic liquids are toxic and flammable.
Organic living follows the patterns of nature, in all aspects of life.
Organic lunches are available to registered participants.
Organic lyrics swap with sampled snippets, but the music is generally undisturbed by vocal content.
Organic man is dust.
Organic man is nothing.
Organic management involves more than the simple application of technical methods.
Organic management relies upon the design of flexible and responsive organizations.
Organic manures are less effective than chemical fertilisers.
Organic manures can also contaminate produce or burn plants.
Organic manures vary widely in the amount of plant nutrients that they contain.
Some organic manure contains nutrients.
Organic markets are the fastest growing retail segment in the food industry.
Organic material can be in the sludge and the hardpan.
Organic material comprises substantial fraction of the fine aerosol mass.
Organic material does a number of good things for the soil.
Organic material enters the soil as leaf litter, dead grasses and roots, animal wastes, and so on.
Organic material helps retain moisture and nutrients needed for plant growth.
Organic material holds water in the soil.
Organic material includes vitamin residue, food and bird droppings.
Organic material is anything that started out as a plant or animal.
Organic material is anything that used to be alive, for example wood, bone and leather.
Organic material is biodegradable.
Organic material is decomposed by microorganisms like bacterial, fungi, algae and earthworms.
Organic material is destroyed in the lymph nodes by macrophages and antibodies.
Organic material is fed upon by aerobic bacteria which require oxygen.
Organic material is introduced by adding peat moss.
Organic material is known to be an excellent absorber of UV radiation.
Organic material is lost from soil through burning.
Organic material is made up of protein.
Organic material is matter that either is or once was a part of a living plant or animal.
Organic material is removed followed by complete cleaning and disinfection of all surfaces.
Organic material is susceptible to decay but with appropriate conditions can become fossilised.
Organic material is the last component.
Organic material makes up one-third of all household waste in Vancouver.
Organic material makes up one-third of all household waste.
Organic material means anything made up of carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen.
Organic material means anything made up of four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen.
Organic material plays an important role in making the soil nutrients available to the roots.
Organic material provides food for organisms in the form of carbon and nitrogen.
Organic material survives at the base of the inner ditch.
Organic materials are attractive for flat panel displays for computers and portable devices.
Organic materials are biodegradable.
Organic materials are biotic .
Organic materials are the main stabilizers of soil aggregates .
Organic materials are useful in the summer to keep the fruit clean in non-trellised plantings.
Organic materials can be excellent sources of nutrients.
Organic materials can react explosively with liquid oxygen.
Organic materials can spontaneously com- bust in it.
Organic materials cause death.
Organic materials come from decay plants.
Organic materials come from plants.
Organic materials come from the breakdown of living things, such as trees and animals.
Organic materials contain nitrogen.
Organic materials decompose more efficiently if adequate oxygen, moisture, and nitrogen are present.
Organic materials degrade after exposure to water.
Organic materials delay the sun's penetration thereby keeping the soil cooler.
Organic materials expand and contract as ambient moisture levels rise and fall.
Organic materials have bulk density.
Organic materials have density.
Organic materials have levels.
Organic materials have low levels.
Organic materials have low nitrogen levels.
Organic materials have lower bulk density.
Organic materials have lower density.
Organic materials have nitrogen levels.
Organic materials inoculated with the fungi are mechanically mixed into the contaminated soil.
Organic materials make up approximately two-thirds of the waste stream.
Organic materials release nitrogen for plant uptake over an extended period.
Organic materials use in biosynthesis.
Organic materials use in metabolism.
Organic materials used as a mulch can improve soil structure and tilth.
All organic material collected at the curb is composted.
All organic material is carbonised.
Any organic material has the capability of drawing insects or bugs.
Many organic materials are suitable for composting.
Many organic materials can react explosively, especially if a flammable mixture is produced.
Many organic materials contain high levels of salts.
Many organic materials provide excellent sources of nutrients.
Most organic material is grist for the mandible.
Most organic materials cause death.
Most organic materials come from decay plants.
Most organic materials come from plants.
Most organic materials contain nitrogen.
Most organic materials have bulk density.
Most organic materials have density.
Most organic materials have levels.
Most organic materials have low levels.
Most organic materials have low nitrogen levels.
Most organic materials have lower bulk density.
Most organic materials have lower density.
Most organic materials have nitrogen levels.
Most organic materials use in biosynthesis.
Most organic materials use in metabolism.
Some organic materials are compounds.
Some organic materials are produced by dead plants.
Some organic materials are produced by plants.
Some organic materials are prone to degrade rapidly, giving rise to putrid odors.
Some organic materials come from erosion.
Some organic materials come from soil erosion.
Some organic materials conduct electricity.
Organic matter accumulates around the roots of the hitchhiking plants, creating a mass of rich soil.
Organic matter adds nutrients to the soil.
Organic matter adds nutrients, improves tilth and stabilizes soil moisture levels.
Organic matter affects both chemical and physical properties of the soil.
Organic matter affects the available water capacity, infiltration rate, and tilth.
Organic matter allows the soil to retain more water and provides the plant needed nutrients.
Organic matter attracts earthworms that drill channels deep into the subsoil.
Organic matter binds soil particles, granules, and aggregates together.
Organic matter builds a better soil structure for roots to forage for water, nutrients and air.
Organic matter can absorb large quantities of moisture as snow melts, therefore runoff is decreased.
Organic matter can act as a filter, cleaning air and water.
Organic matter can be anything from old leaves, dead animals and plants, or tiny living things.
Organic matter can be peat moss, aged manure or compost.
Organic matter can come from humus, compost, etc.
Organic matter can consist of compost, well-rotted manure, or peatmoss.
Organic matter can help prevent iron deficiency.
Organic matter can help sandy soil be more stable, hold plants better and retain more water.
Organic matter can help to improve structure of soil, especially clay soils.
Organic matter can strongly affect metal ion binding to soil and sediment.
Organic matter can temporarily harbor fleas while they are off the host.
Organic matter consists of dead and decomposing plant and animal parts.
Organic matter consists of dead macroscopic and microscopic forms of flora and fauna.
Organic matter contains carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.
Organic matter decomposes more slowly in wet soils.
Organic matter does increase slightly at the lower sampling depth with the higher rates.
Organic matter does several important things for the root growth of azaleas.
Organic matter drives metabolism in freshwater ecosystems.
Organic matter enhances degradation by providing a way for the chemical to uncouple.
Organic matter enhances the aeration and water-holding capacity of the soil.
Organic matter favors soil fungi and other organisms.
Organic matter gives soil a darker colour.
Organic matter has a large influence on soil structure.
Organic matter has a number of important functions in soil.
Organic matter has a strong, positive effect on infiltration of water into soils.
Organic matter has by far the highest cation exchange capacity of common components of most soils.
Organic matter has favorable effects on soil productivity.
Organic matter has good water retention abilities which help sandy soils.
Organic matter has the ability to absorb large quantities of calcium.
Organic matter helps aerate clay-heavy soils and helps maintain moisture in sandy soils.
Organic matter helps any soil become more like the ideal loamy soil.
Organic matter helps clay soil to drain and sandy soil to hold more moisture.
Organic matter helps create and stabilize aggregates of the grains of sand, silt, and clay.
Organic matter helps increase microorganisms.
Organic matter helps plants in the soil to grow strong and healthy.
Organic matter helps preserve a porous soil structure, which absorbs and holds water.
Organic matter helps sandy soils hold water and nutrients.
Organic matter helps sandy soils to hold more moisture.
Organic matter helps slow down the water passing through so the capillary pores can suck it up.
Organic matter helps soil store more water and helps prevent erosion and produces better crops.
Organic matter helps stabilize the soil pH, which, in turn, increases microorganism activity.
Organic matter holds more water and nutrients than any other soil constituent.
Organic matter holds nutrients in the soil by reducing leaching.
Organic matter improves aeration, water retention, soil structure, and drainage.
Organic matter improves all Long Island soils.
Organic matter improves most soils.
Organic matter improves soil conditions, conserves soil moisture and encourages root development.
Organic matter improves soil drainage of excess water, while holding moisture for better growth.
Organic matter improves soil structure, helping to develop strong, healthy root systems.
Organic matter improves the ability of the soil to hold moisture during dry spells.
Organic matter improves the drainage and aeration of clay soil.
Organic matter improves the fertility, the structure and the tilth of all kinds of soils.
Organic matter improves the texture of both sandy and clay soils.
Organic matter improves the water-holding capacity and helps retain vital nutrients.
Organic matter increases nutrient-holding capacity and improves aeration and water retention.
Organic matter increases soil water holding capacity.
Organic matter increases the number and kind of microorganisms in the soil.
Organic matter increases the water holding capacity of a soil.
Organic matter inhibits the antibacterial action of nitrofurazone.
Organic matter is a common limiting factor in the selection of crop, nutrients, or pesticides.
Organic matter is a extremely limiting factor in the selection of crop, nutrients, or pesticides.
Organic matter is a great soil improver for both clay and sandy soils.
Organic matter is a requisite for healthy garden soil.
Organic matter is a slight limiting factor in the selection of crop, nutrients, or pesticides.
Organic matter is a storehouse for nitrogen, sulfur, and phosphorus.
Organic matter is a vital part of soil quality.
Organic matter is added to the soil as well as the potential for nutrients such as nitrogen.
Organic matter is added to the soil gradually by the plants and animals living in the soil.
Organic matter is all that really does distinguish most atoll soil from crushed coral.
Organic matter is also the most chemically active part of the soil.
Organic matter is an essential fraction of any good quality soil.
Organic matter is an important part of the life of agricultural or garden soils.
Organic matter is an important soil material.
Organic matter is anything that was once alive.
Organic matter is anything which comes from a plant or animal.
Organic matter is basically something that used to be alive.
Organic matter is beneficial to organisms in the soil and provide a rich food for earthworms.
Organic matter is beneficial to the soil and to vegetable crops in many ways.
Organic matter is beneficial, and fish emulsion is helpful in boosting soil health.
Organic matter is broken down organic material from plants.
Organic matter is created by plants, microbes and other organisms that live in the soil.
Organic matter is divided into living and non-living things.
Organic matter is equally important in cases of more sandy soil.
Organic matter is equally important in sandy soil.
Organic matter is especially beneficial in heavy clay or light, sandy soils.
Organic matter is essential for making healthy soil, which results in well fed and healthy plants.
Organic matter is essential to growing good roses.
Organic matter is extremely important in improving soil structure and increasing pore space.
Organic matter is filtered from water at the surface or in the soil.
Organic matter is ground up in a worm's gizzard.
Organic matter is high and fertility is medium.
Organic matter is immature through most of the cored interval, with maturity increasing with depth.
Organic matter is important for healthy plants.
Organic matter is important in soil tilth.
Organic matter is important on the Coast and in other locales that have sandy soil.
Organic matter is important to soil productivity.
Organic matter is less abundant in the B horizon.
Organic matter is like magic.
Organic matter is lost during and after tillage.
Organic matter is low in many Australian soils.
Organic matter is low in the surface layer.
Organic matter is made of tiny rocks and bits of dead plants and animals.
Organic matter is made up of dead plant material.
Organic matter is maintained or increased.
Organic matter is many different kinds of compounds some more useful to organisms than others.
Organic matter is metabolized by microorganisms and consumed by invertebrates.
Organic matter is more important than fertilizer.
Organic matter is moved downward through sand as the water table fluctuates.
Organic matter is naturally present from leaves and decaying plants in the reservoir.
Organic matter is often part of a soil test.
Organic matter is one of the components that makes the shale black.
Organic matter is perhaps the life blood of the soil.
Organic matter is rapidly decomposed and leached or eroded by heavy rains.
Organic matter is removed biologically.
Organic matter is sparse in the B-horizon.
Organic matter is that part of the soil that can make or break a garden.
Organic matter is the adhesive for holding soil particles together by increasing soil aggregation.
Organic matter is the answer to most of the problems.
Organic matter is the byproduct of the decomposition.
Organic matter is the key to forest health.
Organic matter is the key word and management of decay systems of the soil is the method used.
Organic matter is the layer formed by plants and animals.
Organic matter is the layer formed byplants and animals.
Organic matter is the life of a soil.
Organic matter is the lifeblood of the soil.
Organic matter is the main source of energy for soil organisms, both plant and animal.
Organic matter is the plant and animal residue in the soil at various stages of decomposition.
Organic matter is the remains of plants and animals in the soil.
Organic matter is the single most important factor affecting adsorption of pesticides in soils.
Organic matter is the very heart and soul of organic gardening.
Organic matter is the waste residues and remains of living organisms.
Organic matter is transferred to the esophagus opening.
Organic matter is ubiquitous in the environment and one of the most important copper complexants.
Organic matter is very important to successful plant growth.
Organic matter is what makes a soil fertile.
Organic matter is what they eat.
Organic matter loosens the soil, which increases the amount of pore space.
Organic matter loosens tight clay and helps sand hold more water and nutrients.
Organic matter makes a great natural fertilizer.
Organic matter makes plants healthier.
Organic matter means plant nutrients.
Organic matter passes through intestines.
Organic matter placed in airtight landfills stops the earth s natural cycle of decomposition.
Organic matter plays a large role in influencing how the Earth functions.
Organic matter plays a major role in aquatic systems.
Organic matter plays more of a role in aggregate stability than in aggregate formation.
Organic matter produced on the land is a resource which, used properly, is inexhaustible.
Organic matter promotes stabilization of the aggregate particles.
Organic matter provides benefits to the soil and the subsequent crop in many different ways.
Organic matter provides both types of nutrients, as well as properties that improve soil quality.
Organic matter provides energy for biological activity.
Organic matter provides suitable shelter for disease microbes to survive.
Organic matter rains down to the bottom of bodies of water.
Organic matter reduces effectiveness, but iodophors are less affected than hypochlorites.
Organic matter reduces soil crusting and helps soil hold water and nutrients.
Organic matter releases food in a form available to plants through the process of decomposition.
Organic matter serves as a carbon source for soil microorganisms.
Organic matter serves as a glue, holding sandy soil particles together.
Organic matter tends to bind up some soil pesticides, reducing their effectiveness.
Organic matter uses up oxygen in the decay process.
Organic matter works like a sponge, improving the soil's ability to retain most nutrients and water.
All organic matter contains stored energy from the sun.
All organic matter has a half-life in the soil.
Any organic matter increases the water-holding capacity of soil.
Most organic matter contains carbon .
Most organic matter contains carbon.
Most organic matter passes through intestines.
Some organic matter accumulates in water.
Some organic matter becomes fossil fuel.
Some organic matter becomes fuel.
Some organic matter contains cellulose.
Some organic matter contains dead organisms.
Some organic matter contains organisms.
Some organic matter derives from plants.
Some organic matter escapes oxidation and is preserved to varying extents, e.g., as fossil fuels.
Some organic matter is produced by algas.
Some organic matter is produced by decomposition.
Some organic matter is produced by diatoms.
Some organic matter is produced by plants.
Some organic matter moves through canals.
Some organic matter passes though the water column and is deposited in bottom sediments.
Some organic matter prevents diseases.
Some organic matter prevents fungal diseases.
Some organic matter prevents fungal root diseases.
Some organic matter prevents root diseases.
Some organic matter provides food.
Some organic matter tends to work better than others.
Organic meals are served daily, even our meats and chickens are organic.
Organic meat comes from animals.
Organic meat is healthier than commercially produced meat which is why people like it.
Organic meat is more expensive, but as a health investment, it's worth it.
Organic meat is sometimes more difficult to find.
Organic meats are available.
Most organic meat comes from animals.
Organic mercury is absorbed reasonably well by the gastrointestinal tract.
Organic mercury is absorbed through the digestive tract and also through vapors.
Organic mercury is extremely dangerous, yes.
Organic mercury is of more concern at environmental levels.
Organic mercury is the most poisonous form.
Organic mercury passes into the breast milk as well.
Organic methods are friendly to our earth, but tend to be longer to accomplish.
Organic methods are much safer.
Organic methods are nothing new.
Organic methods preserve biologic diversity and help safeguard the world's future food supply.
Organic methods rely on diverse varieties, and are therefore less risky.
Organic milk contains just a little bit less of the same hormones.
Organic milk does command premium prices.
Organic milk is found in many large-chain supermarkets.
Organic milk is milk that is produced without the use of antibiotics, hormones or pesticides.
Organic milk is one choice among many in the dairy case.
Organic milk is one choice.
Organic milk is produced and used to make buffalo mozzarella cheese.
Organic milk is widely available.
Organic minerals are a source of potassium.
Organic minerals can offer real benefits.
Organic minerals regulate the elimination and blood-building functions of the body.
Some organic mixture makes up diets.
Organic molecule is the final a. the final electron acceptor is electron acceptor.
Organic molecule is the final electron acceptor.
Organic molecules are high energy configurations of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen atoms.
Organic molecules are immensely complex.
Organic molecules are made up of monomers.
Organic molecules are molecules.
Organic molecules are organic compounds.
Organic molecules are simply molecules that contain carbon.
Organic molecules are substances where carbon is the basic structural component of the molecule.
Organic molecules are the basic building blocks of living organisms on earth.
Organic molecules are the necessary building blocks for the evolution of life .
Organic molecules are the necessary building blocks for the evolution of life.
Organic molecules can be chiral if they contain one or more chiral centers .
Organic molecules can have a higher level of complexity compared to inorganic compounds .
Organic molecules can have a higher level of complexity compared to inorganic compounds.
Organic molecules contain both carbon and hydrogen.
Organic molecules guide crystal growth.
Organic molecules have an unparalleled ability to seek out and latch onto particular partners.
Organic molecules pass along the food chain by consumers.
Organic molecules range in size form relatively small to very large.
All organic molecules have a carbon skeleton that is composed of rings or chains of carbons.
Many organic molecules bind to their protein receptors with only moderate affinity.
Many organic molecules have chains of carbon atoms.
Most organic molecules have high absorption in the ultra-violet range.
Some organic molecules contain triple covalent bonds.
All organic monomers are based on carbon , usually with hydrogen , oxygen and nitrogen .
All organic monomers are based on carbon, usually with hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen.
Organic mulch does much for a garden area.
Organic mulch has benefits.
Organic mulch has the advantage of transferring nutrients into the soil covered.
Organic mulch helps control weeds.
Organic mulch helps plants.
Organic mulch helps weeds.
Organic mulch improves the soil structure as they decompose over time.
Organic mulch improves the soil.
Organic mulch is made of compost.
Organic mulch is made of mature compost.
Organic mulch is thought to interfere with the colonization of crops by winged thrips.
Organic mulches add nutrients to the soil and supply organic matter.
Organic mulches are also important in moderating the environment of the plant's root system.
Organic mulches are best.
Organic mulches are cooler than rock mulches in the sun.
Organic mulches are excellent for mango trees.
Organic mulches are excellent for use under guava trees to eliminate weeds and to conserve moisture.
Organic mulches are loose materials such as wood chips, straw, flax shives or bark.
Organic mulches are the best choices for the vegetable garden.
Organic mulches are the best overall choice because they help build a healthy soil.
Organic mulches are the best solution.
Organic mulches are typically bark chips, wood grindings, or bagasse.
Organic mulches are wood chips, bark, pine needles, or leaves.
Organic mulches can add nutrients and humus to the soil.
Organic mulches can can aggravate the pest problems.
Organic mulches can improve the soil structure.
Organic mulches consist of plant matter and naturally decompose in the soil.
Organic mulches decay over time and are temporary.
Organic mulches decompose and are absorbed by the soil over the growing season.
Organic mulches decompose on the soil surface and add valuable plant nutrients to the soil.
Organic mulches decompose releasing nutrients into the soil.
Organic mulches do more than help to retain moisture.
Organic mulches enhance earthworm habitat by moderating microclimate and supplying a food source.
Organic mulches enhance the soil's ability to store water.
Organic mulches have a tendency to attract slugs, snail and sow bugs.
Organic mulches including pine straw or bark are excellent mulches.
Organic mulches keep the soil moist and reflect less heat.
Organic mulches moderate soil temperatures.
Organic mulches offer the same benefits as green manures and plastic mulches.
Organic mulches provide shelter and food for beneficials like ground beetles and toads.
Organic mulches range from shredded newspaper to shredded wood or wood chips.
Organic mulches save a bit more water than stone mulches, but just about all mulches do a good job.
Organic mulches shield the soil from heat and wind, reducing soil moisture loss.
Organic mulches slow the warming of the soil.
Organic mulches support microbial activity important for tree establishment and growth.
Organic mulches tend to cool the soil, as well as conserve soil moisture.
Any organic mulch is satisfactory.
Most organic mulch has benefits.
Most organic mulch helps control weeds.
Most organic mulch helps plants.
Most organic mulch helps weeds.
Most organic mulch is made of compost.
Most organic mulch is made of mature compost.
Most organic mulches add organic matter to the soil as they decompose.
Some organic mulch helps moisture.
Some organic mulches are colored red, brown, black, and other colors.
Organic murmurs are usually louder, occur during a heart sound and are always present.
Organic nitrates are present in human sewage and livestock manure.
Organic nitrates can be important reservoir species for tropospheric NOx.
Organic nitrogen exists in many different forms.
Organic nitrogen includes nitrogen in organic molecules such as amino acids.
Organic nitrogen is a common component in plant residues and organic matter.
Organic nitrogen is calculated by taking the difference between total nitrogen and ammonia.
Organic nitrogen is converted to ammonia in the first step of the nitrogen cycle.
Organic nitrogen is determined by the difference between total nitrogen and ammonia nitrogen.
Organic nitrogen is found in proteins and is continually recycled by plants and animals.
Organic nitrogen is found in proteins, and is continually recycled by plants and animals.
Organic nitrogen is mineralized into ammonia.
Organic nitrogen is released as ammonia nitrogen when bacteria decompose organic matter.
Organic nitrogen is released to the soil solution slowly over time.
Organic nomenclature is based on the priority of the different functional groups in the molecule.
Organic notes are a technique for writing that shows the relationships between ideas.
Organic nutrients are usually carbon-based compounds.
Organic odor controls , quickly and efficiently biodegrade the organic source of the odor.
Organic oils are generally the most vital and active.
Organic ones support wide-spread networking.
Organic organizations are low in complexity, formalization, and centralization.
Organic P is determined by difference.
Organic P is found in organic matter.
Some organic particles hold water.
Organic peroxides are among the most hazardous chemicals handled in a laboratory.
Organic peroxides are another class of compounds that present an explosion hazard.
Organic peroxides are explosive.
Organic peroxides are unstable and contain both oxygen and fuel within the same molecule.
Organic peroxides can also be strong oxidizing agents.
Organic peroxides can be severe fire and explosion hazards.
All organic peroxides are highly flammable and sunlight accelerates the formation of peroxides.
All organic peroxides are highly flammable.
Many organic peroxides give off flammable vapours when they decompose.
Some organic peroxides are dangerously reactive.
Organic pesticides are largely insecticides.
Organic pesticides can be very harmful.
Organic pesticides have specific modes of action, just as do synthetic pesticides.
Some organic pesticides are as toxic, or even more toxic, than many synthetic chemical pesticides.
Organic phosphate is a part of living plants and animals, their by-products, and their remains.
Organic phosphate is phosphate that is bound to plant or animal tissue.
Organic phosphates are important in cellular energy storage and transfer.
Organic phosphates are important in nature.
Organic phosphates are important phosphate sources in most soils.
Organic phosphates come from once-living plants and animals.
Organic phosphates vary in stability and shelf life.
Organic phosphorus comes from dead plant and animal material.
Organic phosphorus is a part of living plants and animals.
Organic phosphorus is converted to orthophosphate by bacterial decomposition.
Organic pigment has ranges.
Organic pigments have a narrow range of energy levels that they can absorb.
All organic pigments are synthetic.
Most organic pigment has ranges.
Most organic pigments offer high chroma, high tinting strength and exceptional transparency.
Some organic pigments do exist.
Organic plants grow from seeds.
Organic Plants use nutrients at different rates and at different times during the growing season.
Most organic plants grow from seeds.
Organic plasmas are the 'gel' of dissolved organic materials within cells.
Organic plots require a little more physical labor in putting out the compost made for the plots.
Organic poisons are some of the deadliest known to modern man.
Organic pollutants find in pesticide.
Most organic pollutants find in pesticide.
Some organic pollutants find in surround water.
Some organic pollutants find in water.
Organic pollution comprises chains of carbon molecules.
Organic pollution continues as a persistent problem.
Organic polymers are chemical molecules that contain a long string of carbon atoms.
Organic polymers are flexible.
Some organic polymers can exhibit strong ceramic qualities, forming bonds in three dimensions.
Organic poultry means there has been no medication or medicated feed given to the birds.
Many organic precipitates are quite bulky and filter very slowly by gravity.
Organic prices can be considerably higher than conventional.
Organic produce comes in all shapes and sizes.
Organic produce commands a higher price than non-organic produce.
Organic produce contains fewer pesticides.
Organic produce is also abundant, as is locally pulled saltwater taffy.
Organic produce is an example.
Organic produce is available in season.
Organic produce is favored wherever possible.
Organic produce is grown on healthy soil without synthetic chemicals.
Organic produce is grown without chemical pesticides.
Organic produce is grown without synthetic fertilizers that contribute to the nitrogen glut.
Organic produce is increasingly available across America, and often has phenomenal flavor.
Organic produce is more flavorful and nutritious, without health risks or chemical contaminants.
Organic produce is more nutritious than conventionally-grown produce.
Organic produce is pesticide-free.
Organic produce is safer than conventionally grown produce.
Organic produce is used whenever obtainable.
Organic produce is used whenever possible.
Organic produce is usually higher in nutrients, especially minerals.
Most organic produce is more expensive then conventional produce.
Most organic produce is safe to eat and nutritious.
Organic producers strive to preserve biodiversity and minimize toxic outputs.
Most organic producers apply less irrigation.
Most organic producers are also smaller, family run farms, often part of a producer cooperative.
Organic products are being researched, so watch for future alternatives.
Organic products are free of the dangerous chemicals and are more nutritious and tasty.
Organic products are less likely to pollute or damage air, soil, or water.
Organic products are more healthful.
Organic products are of growing interest, particularly for kindergartens and retirement homes.
Organic products are products coming from such a production system, and which are processed etc.
Organic products are very expensive.
Organic products contain chemicals.
Organic products have appearances.
Organic products have crumbly appearances.
Organic products make a good starter fertilizer too.
Organic products pass through the food chain, through processes such as predation.
Organic products provide energy.
Organic products sell almost exclusively into affluent markets.
Many organic products are hard to find.
Most organic products contain chemicals.
Most organic products have appearances.
Most organic products have crumbly appearances.
Most organic products provide energy.
Organic production are mainly fruit and vegetables and processed foodstuffs thereof.
Organic production emphasizes nonuse of chemical fertilizers and pesticides.
Organic production is one way to minimize further food-related health risks.
Organic production is reviewed as well.
Organic production is the fastest growing segment of fresh produce.
Organic production needs more management than conventional farming.
Organic production represents the largest growth segment nationwide in agriculture today.
Some organic production attracts attention.
Some organic production attracts considerable attention.
Organic programs work to eliminate pesticides.
Organic reactions are chemical reactions involving organic compounds .
Organic reactions are complex, involving reactants, catalysts, and solvents.
Some organic reaction takes places.
Most organic reagents tested have no effect, nor do mineral oil, motor oil, or brake fluids.
Organic recoveries are comparable or better than conventional equipment.
Organic regulations forbid the use of genetically engineered seeds.
Organic removal begins with acidification and extraction of carbonates.
Organic removal is by two possible mechanisms, solvency and freeze fracture.
Organic resources are the engine that creates the company's fundamental value.
Organic retardation is due to a genetic anomaly or brain damage brought about by disease or trauma.
Organic rice is kept in airtight bins.
Organic rice is sold through specialized markets at a higher price compared to conventional rice.
Organic rocks come from living organisms.
Organic rye stays loose and allows the mycelium to rapidly colonize.
Organic salts are more difficult to photograph.
Organic salts are potassium gluconate, fumarate, or citrate.
Organic sealants are factory applied inside the seams.
Organic sediment is very nutrient rich.
Organic sediments decompose with anaerobic bacterial action and produce fish-toxic hydrogen sulfide.
Some organic sediments come from leaves.
Organic semiconductors have enormous potential for use in electronic and optoelectronic devices.
Organic shapes look like things from nature.
Organic shapes tend to be soft, curvilinear and irregular.
Some organic silicones are things used as lubricants.
Organic simplicity is invariably the most appealing.
Organic sites are great for information and paths that parallel our own.
Organic slings are also available.
Any organic soap is a good deterrent.
Some organic soap kills fleas.
Organic soil allows plants to produce complex starches and proteins.
Organic soil is anything that contains carbons.
Organic soil protects plants against disease.
Organic soils are also frequently deficient in potassium.
Organic soils are common associates in some places.
Organic soils are common in fens and bogs.
Organic soils are common near the margins of the kettle lakes.
Organic soils are important in major wood producing countries because they support forests.
Organic soils are less prone to being splashed onto plants.
Organic soils are spongy, crumbly, and compressible.
Organic soils are undesirable as foundation or base course material.
Organic soils develop from swamps and marshes.
Organic soils dominate the landscape along the north Coast and in parts of the Great Plains.
Organic soils form under saturated conditions.
Organic soils found in peat bogs also contain O horizons.
Organic soils occupy depressions and some broad valley bottoms.
Organic soils tend to fix copper.
Some organic soils contain layers that are largely or entirely mineral material.
Organic solidarity is togetherness based on differences.
Some organic solute has properties.
Organic solutions prevents fleas, shedding, bad breath, body odor garden damage due to animal waste.
Some organic solutions pose health risks.
Organic solvents affect the central nervous system, liver and kidneys.
Organic solvents alter the stratum corneum structure and barrier function.
Organic solvents are at least as powerful as radioactivity and can cause cancers.
Organic solvents are expensive, hazardous to use, and costly to dispose of.
Organic solvents are the easiest inhalants to obtain and the most dangerous to abuse.
Organic solvents are the most dangerous of all inhalants.
Organic solvents belong to many classes of chemicals.
Organic solvents can also harm the environment because they are generally toxic and water soluble.
Organic solvents can cause surface damage as can heat and bright light.
Organic solvents can present fire hazards as well as inhalation hazards.
Organic solvents identify ligand binding sites on protein surfaces.
Organic solvents vary widely in their properties and toxicity.
All organic solvents are to be placed in the appropriate waste solvent carboy.
Many organic solvents are also highly flammable.
Many organic solvents are themselves of interest as substrates.
Most organic solvents affect the central nervous system, primarily the brain.
Most organic solvents are both toxic and flammable.
Most organic solvents can penetrate through the protective layer of the skin.
Organic sorbents are a fast, inexpensive and tidy way to clean up a mess.
Most organic sources are low in phosphate and only produce limited available nitrogen.
Organic soybeans can serve as a substitute protein source for organic dairies.
Organic sprays go on according to bud and blossom development and the presence of pests.
Organic sprays tend to do the job more quickly and are more humane.
Organic standards prioritise animal welfare.
Organic standards prohibit hormones in raising beef and lamb as well.
Organic standards require farmers to care for the countryside.
Organic substances contain nitrogen.
Organic substances containing nitrogen are widespread throughout the world.
Organic substances have properties.
Organic substances have unique properties.
Organic substances need for growth.
Most organic substances contain nitrogen.
Most organic substances have properties.
Most organic substances have unique properties.
Some organic substances are secreted by worms.
Some organic substances are the natural chemical properties or components of the food.
Some organic substances compose of carbohydrates.
Organic sulfates are esters.
Organic sulfur binds to allergens preventing allergic reactions.
Organic sulfur is also heavily used in the regeneration of skin cells.
Organic sunscreens are relatively complex molecules that are to some degree absorbed into the skin.
Organic Supplements are available by phone orders.
Organic synthesis is a special type of chemical synthesis .
Organic synthesis is a special type of chemical synthesis.
Organic synthesis is at the heart of our research program.
Organic synthesis is the key skill in the research group.
Organic synthesis offers the student opportunities for both creativity and utility.
Organic systems are generally more labor intensive.
Organic systems fluctuate near stationary states.
Organic systems have molecular recognition abilities that have had a long time to evolve.
Organic systems use composts, manures, and biological pest controls.
All organic systems differentiate into more complex structures in the service of their goals.
Many organic textbooks are available in the library.
Organic tobacco is grown in the absence of chemicals.
Organic tobacco is like organic cotton.
Organic toxicity is infinitely less than is the case with alcohol.
Organic tradition encourages giving flowers to ill people.
Organic transistors are transistors made out of organic polymers that conduct electricity.
Organic trout contains no artificial colour and no genetically modified organisms.
Organic types are processed materials such as dried blood, bone meal and manure.
Organic union is necessary.
Organic unity is indeed one of the assumptions held to be true in a worldview founded on ethnicity.
Organic unity is the model of Rome.
Organic unity obtained by the surrender of specific differences is a loss.
Organic Valley has a stellar reputation regarding the ethical and humane treatment of farm animals.
Organic Valley join their mailing list and get occasional samples.
Organic Valley organizes the first national initiative to certify organic meat.
Organic vapor passes through the membrane and is condensed and removed as a liquid.
Organic variation is the main characteristic which distinguishes oral from literary culture.
Organic vegetables feature at mealtimes.
Organic vegetables fill the industrial-sized refrigerator.
Organic vinegars tend to develop a sediment as the fermenting process continues in the bottle.
Organic vineyards use less synthetic pesticide and fertilizer, by definition.
Organic waste is anything that was once living.
Organic waste is dumped in a landfill site.
Organic waste is hydrolised and rendered unrecognizable.
Organic waste is placed in the hopper which then grinds and slurries the waste with water.
Organic waste is the by-product of gland secretions and the natural regeneration of skin cells.
Organic waste left by one crop feeds the soil, helping the next one grow better.
Organic wastes are converted by fungi and bacteria into something called detritus.
Organic wastes are decomposed, and the result is a material useful as a natural fertilizer.
All organic waste is composted on-site and grape pomace from pressing is used as mulch.
Most organic waste is biodegradable.
Organic wheat has no such fluorine load.
Organic wheat is grown by specialized farmers.
Organic wines have sulfites.
Organic zinc is very applicator friendly.
An organic is fertilizer
Organics also have very different temperature curves.
Organics also help attenuate harmful effects of chemical fertilizers.
Organics also hold fertilizer nutrients - another item often lacking in sandy soils.
Organics also improve the soil is structure and ability to hold nutrients.
Organics are carbon based molecules, molecules which are common to all known forms of life.
Organics are fertilizer.
Organics are just too expensive.
Organics are much better suited to rapid topcoating than inorganics, too.
Organics are no small issue.
Organics are now synonymous with a specific niche of the market.
Organics can even decrease it more when both are used.
Organics challenges the comfort zone.
Organics continue to be poorly predicted by historical models.
Organics deserves it because of a lack of recognition in the past.
Organics is the agriculture of the future.
Organics is the fastest growing sector in the Canadian food industry.
Organics needs to be sustainable financially without spending too much more time on the farm.
Organics provides tourism spin-offs.
Organics refer to gems whose formation involves living organisms.
Organics refers to materials of animal or vegetable origin.
Organics require warm soil to break down and release their nutrients.
Organics typically produce cleaner, less muddy mixtures.
All organics have to be clean, anhdyrous, and free of oxygen.
Some organics are probably still present.
Some organics can cause cancer in animals and are suspected of causing cancer in humans.
An organicism is a scientific theory
Organicism implies concomitant states of being and becoming, of statis and evolution.
Organicism implies movement.
Organicism implies the pursuit of wisdom.
Organicism requires participation and collaboration.
Organicisms are scientific theories.
Organisation gathering Turkish students spread over fifty universities in the United Kingdom.
Organisation gives courses in Philippines and in other countries in Asia.
Organisation has overseas members who pay for subscription.
Organisation is a matter or networks of relationships that form patterns.
Organisation is an activity
Organisation is an outcome of that trait.
Organisation is another key to smart selling.
Organisation is crucial for storage of information in long-term memory.
Organisation is defined as including any association or combination of persons .
Organisation is distinctly bottom up and science-driven by the site principal investigators.
Organisation is enemy of improvisation.
Organisation is essential if a session is to be benefited from.
Organisation is even shittier.
Organisation is everything, and everything is organisation.
Organisation is good.
Organisation is key.
Organisation is no hindrance for artists, it is a power.
Organisation is optional.
Organisation is organisation for a specific purpose.
Organisation is really good and the people are all very friendly.
Organisation is very important.
Organisation is vital.
Organisation Make sure the text is clearly divided, eg into sections, chapters, pages.
Organisation makes finding material on a topic easier.
Organisation och utveckling.
Organisation provides news about the oil, gas and energy in general.
Organisation requires the integration of several elements to achieve a predetermined end.
Organisation saves lives Organised stroke care can, however, save lives.
Organisation There are at least three subsections.
Organisations acquiring vacant dwellings are diverse.
Organisations are a means of representing the high level administrative context of agencies.
Organisations are concerned about their financial liability.
Organisations are human systems.
Organisations are increasingly dependent on their IT systems.
Organisations are more effective when they value the diversity of their workforce.
Organisations are more willing to support charging for re-use of digital data than individuals.
Organisations are naturally reticent about change.
Organisations are political and competitive places yet trust and team working is also essential.
Organisations are quick to state that people are their most valuable resource.
Organisations are rich in bright, creative individuals.
Organisations are solely responsible for their postings on the Web Site.
Organisations are therefore grossly under-utilising their human capital.
Organisations are virtual and so suit computer technology and the Internet.
Organisations avoid proscription only if they can clear one of two hurdles.
Organisations based on possession and vicious competition become strong.
Organisations based on smart technology learn to value smartness in their people.
Organisations become extraordinarily resistent to change or reform.
Organisations become progressively more complex with development of technologies.
Organisations benefit from decisions and actions that are based on facts and data.
Organisations benefit from participants' new skills, perspectives and networks across all sectors.
Organisations benefit in a variety of ways, depending on their business.
Organisations can also indicate on the slip if they want to increase the number of copies received.
Organisations can also provide cr che facilities and promote a culture of equal opportunities.
Organisations can apply for a permit, but it is at the local authorities' discretion.
Organisations can apply for projects that enhance the professionalism of the sector.
Organisations can benefit by tracking learner performance to assess workforce preparation.
Organisations can choose to use VPNs as extranets or wide-area intranets.
Organisations can fight against it.
Organisations can gain accreditation for one or more activity in each location.
Organisations can gain competitive advantage by getting the most out of their human resources.
Organisations can identify and communicate good practice to a wider audience.
Organisations can increase productivity, efficiency and streamline processes.
Organisations can join as corporate members .
Organisations can make things happen.
Organisations can make use of the system to efficiently disseminate the latest oil and gas news.
Organisations can no longer rest content with yearly forecasts and three year planning horizons.
Organisations can offer to provide one or more of the assessment services.
Organisations can request specific activities tailored to their interests and requirements.
Organisations Composers Offers a variety of links to associations, societies and institutions.
Organisations differ in their regulatory and technological environments and organisational cultures.
Organisations employ professional specialists employing specialised buying procedures.
Organisations especially are doubtful when it comes to an upgrade.
Organisations evolve rapidly and change more frequently.
Organisations face a number of difficulties when they try to develop services.
Organisations fail when leaders fail to manage their internal and external environment.
Organisations find bureaucracy so appealing that it grows uncontrollably.
Organisations follow two different kinds of policies.
Organisations generally spend a substantial portion of their revenues purchasing goods and services.
Organisations get six copies for their staff.
Organisations has wide cooperation with partners inside of Ukraine and abroad.
Organisations have different deadlines for applications forms to be filled in.
Organisations have several business units.
Organisations have similar tasks - pay wages, buying materials, order processing.
Organisations have to allow funds to address and fix the problem.
Organisations have to be 'approved associations' in order to be eligible for grants.
Organisations have to become more effective and efficient in order to be more competitive.
Organisations have to spend extra money on temporary cover or overtime as a result.
Organisations highlight the situation of refugees in many European countries.
Organisations increasingly use automated information systems.
Organisations involved are able to contribute in kind.
Organisations involved in such activities have a responsibility to ensure privacy rights are upheld.
Organisations make extremely inefficient and expensive use of word processors.
Organisations mimic the same movement.
Organisations naturally prefer the facilities provided for users to be regular, or permanent.
Organisations normally segment a market and design their products for specific segments.
Organisations profoundly affect individual performance.
Organisations provide the basis for purposeful collective action.
Organisations really are a great source of current information.
Organisations rely on good communication for efficiency and accuracy.
Organisations representing private motorists have yet to be heard concerning the tolls.
Organisations require different qualifications.
Organisations run by black and minority ethnic women, older women and lesbians are involved.
Organisations search for people with suitable skills, interests and expertise.
Organisations share new knowledge and ideas leading to improved health care outcomes.
Organisations tend, quite naturally, to see the world from their own perspective.
Organisations then have the expense of recruiting, inducting, and training new members of staff.
Organisations use web sites to distribute information.
Organisations working on poverty in the South have much to offer to their counterparts in the North.
Organisations frequently make the mistake of working with estimated costs.
Organisations often argue that their needs are unique.
Organisations often have a parallel or combined policy to address drug and alcohol use and misuse.
Organisations often seem to run on a few core narratives.
Organisations often use modems and dedicated telephone lines to connect to the Internet.
All organisations are subject to strict financial accounting procedures.
All organisations are UK based unless otherwise stated.
All organisations are unique in their needs and expectations.
All organisations benefit from having a highly motivated workforce.
All organisations exchange information in their business process, both externally and internally.
All organisations exist today in a climate of change and uncertainty.
All organisations experience some staff movement.
All organisations face the risks of things going wrong or of unknowingly harbouring malpractice.
All organisations face uncertainty, no matter what culture they have.
All organisations generate carbon dioxide through the use of energy.
All organisations have a responsibility to accelerate development and capability building.
All organisations have a responsibility to ensure the long-life of their important paper records.
All organisations have an impact on the environment.
All organisations have glitches.
All organisations have good internally defined standards to ensure quality of work.
All organisations have networks and informal procedures and protocols.
All organisations listed here are independent.
Any organisation can benefit significantly from improved team work.
Any organisation can have a radio-telephone system.
Any organisation is dependent on good communication.
Any organisation is like a septic tank.
Any organisation is only as good as the people who work within it.
Any organisation producing documents develops, sooner or later, reference tools for internal use.
Any organisation represents a hierarchical structure.
Every organisation can learn from others both within and outside their industry.
Every organisation deals with a wide range of data.
Every organisation goes through difficulties . . .
Every organisation has a head office.
Every organisation has a reputation which, properly managed, can become a strategic asset.
Every organisation has a structure and form eg hierarchical, tall, flat, mechanistic, organismic.
Every organisation has a unique mix of people, skills and knowledge.
Every organisation has an interest in ensuring that their HR practices meet the highest standards.
Every organisation is unique.
Every organisation needs brain smart employees.
Every organisation needs to keep it's members up to date with what's going on, usually a newsletter.
Every organisation needs to move on if it is to survive and succeed.
Many organisation prefer to use application forms to gather information on prospective interviewees.
Many organisations acknowledge the value of information through the use of hybrid posts.
Many organisations also define the bases as people who have at least one foot on the ground.
Many organisations also have their own homepages hosted here.
Many organisations also welcome volunteer help.
Many organisations are active in cultural and social issues .
Many organisations are active in cultural and social issues.
Many organisations are also resistant to the concept of evaluation for various reasons.
Many organisations are busy with the final process of business planning for next year.
Many organisations are concerned with directory issues.
Many organisations are there to help.
Many organisations are wary of training and consulting however.
Many organisations assume that if there is a problem then employees can use the complaints system.
Many organisations can help rehome an unwanted dog.
Many organisations can place volunteers, see the books below or our directory for names and address.
Many organisations cater for the welfare, social and economic interests of the community.
Many organisations claim that information is their number-one asset.
Many organisations claim that school curricula are outdated and fail to meet the needs of children.
Many organisations collect evaluation from volunteers, leaders and partners.
Many organisations do all four.
Many organisations face a similar predicament.
Many organisations feel it unnecessary to register their own name.
Many organisations find themselves with a hotchpotch of different systems.
Many organisations have a large amount of valuable data within their computer systems.
Many organisations have a reference copy.
Many organisations have a structured programme for developing key staff.
Many organisations have one single password across the company for access to multiple systems.
Many organisations have staff located at different sites.
Many organisations have their press notices on their web pages.
Many organisations have yet to consider or scope the potential size of their euro project.
Many organisations hold their special services and celebrate major events in the church.
Many organisations make their technical reports available for general use.
Many organisations now have their own web pages and often contain some very useful data.
Many organisations now provide research data and software for free use.
Many organisations now require researchers to follow specific guidelines.
Many organisations offer counselling for sexual or relationship problems.
Many organisations offer non-cash benefits to employees.
Many organisations offer trainings around the country.
Many organisations operate in isolation for fear of losing their competitive commercial advantage.
Many organisations produce printed and audio material in a number of languages.
Many organisations provide maps and diagrams showing routes to and around their premises.
Many organisations provide updated lists of useful geographical websites.
Many organisations recognise the potential benefits that technology can yield.
Many organisations request a complete set of publications, currently over three dozen.
Many organisations run regular employee attitude or employee satisfaction surveys.
Many organisations see the threat as wholly external.
Many organisations seem to have an ad-hoc policy on websites.
Many organisations undertake costing programs without a clear purpose.
Many organisations undertake pilot projects with limited impact.
Many organisations use firewall technologies to ensure network security.
Many organisations use rules to govern behaviour between people.
Many organisations wish to integrate a participatory approach into their activities.
Most organisations already offer the relevant training courses.
Most organisations are familiar with the opportunities presented by economic and monetary union.
Most organisations are full of surprised managers.
Most organisations are well aware of the importance of health and safety at work.
Most organisations belong in their home town or village category.
Most organisations benefit from a mix of group and personal systems.
Most organisations compare themselves with traditional comparators.
Most organisations conduct quite frequent reviews of their information systems plans.
Most organisations continue to face difficulties in defining outcomes and indicators of impact.
Most organisations encourage riders to buy weekly or monthly passes, which are comparatively cheap.
Most organisations go through an initial experimentation phase.
Most organisations have a BioSS consultant based permanently on site.
Most organisations have an IT department of some kind.
Most organisations have codes of practice and procedures for staff recruitment.
Most organisations have some sort of marketing plan.
Most organisations have some system and some even have very clear processes.
Most organisations have web sites with full details of upcoming meetings.
Most organisations insist on opening all mail addressed to individuals.
Most organisations know the sources of their competitive advantages and market opportunity.
Most organisations lack in their ability to deal with complaints.
Most organisations multiply their investment between threefold and eightfold.
Most organisations now recognise the demands and challenges posed by the 'global new economy'.
Most organisations offer flexible and convenient working times.
Most organisations qualify as full members.
Most organisations require a mix of people with different core competencies.
Most organisations run on the basis of maintenance and problem solving.
Most organisations think they understand their customers' needs.
Most organisations use a combination of both, with the balance lying more one way than the other.
Most organisations use custom programming to add functionality to their Web sites.
Some organisations also capture spatial data by in-house digitising or scanning.
Some organisations also give information on funding, events and opportunities.
Some organisations also have online catalogues.
Some organisations also provide a complete home office set up service.
Some organisations also provide data on favourable terms for educational use.
Some organisations are impervious to the wishes of members.
Some organisations are local community groups, others have national or international memberships.
Some organisations are new and exciting.
Some organisations believe that the Internet is too unruly to be used for business.
Some organisations complain that they never know if the books they send are truly helpful.
Some organisations do it all themselves which has a few advantages but is fairly expensive.
Some organisations employ their own internal health and safety expert.
Some organisations have a lot of news, or are involved in an area which generates news.
Some organisations have an interest in overstating the case.
Some organisations have organisation charts, manning table or manpower replacement charts.
Some organisations have paper, some use the switchboard, some use personnnel systems.
Some organisations have policies that demand all vacancies be advertised.
Some organisations have problems keeping in contact with staff who are constantly on the move.
Some organisations have special student rates.
Some organisations have specialist who can prepare slides for teaching staff.
Some organisations hold a second round of interviews.
Some organisations listed in other contact pages also have useful school pages on their websites.
Some organisations make their courses laborious.
Some organisations now demand evidence that suppliers comply with the standard.
Some organisations now offer free subscription services.
Some organisations offer limited-term internships.
Some organisations offer short-term or trial memberships.
Some organisations operate air tours of one to several days' duration, often in small planes.
Some organisations proclaim such rights in their constitutions.
Some organisations recruit among the particularly impressionable and insecure.
Some organisations recruit independent volunteers as lay conciliators to assist by mutual agreement.
Some organisations require staff to work unreasonable hours that are bound to create sleep debt.
Some organisations restrict the use of streaming video or audio.
Some organisations share ideas confidently while others are parsimonious.
Some organisations support staff in gaining further qualifications.
Some organisations use e-mail as a way of posting general messages to all staff members.
Some organisations use generic tests whilst others use a test tailored to their specific needs.
Organisational activities are also particularly lively.
Organisational architecture is the shaping of behavioural space.
Organisational change is a social process requiring cultural change.
Organisational change is essentially about people and the human factor.
Organisational codes detail the organisational affiliation of the host computer.
Some organisational cultures find feedback positively threatening.
Organisational design follows the analysis of what the regulatory agency needs to do.
Organisational gamesmanship is much more fun.
Organisational informations Take a look at a recent field trip .
Organisational leaders face the challenge of tapping community resources to the maximum.
Organisational leadership is the dominant culture created by the leadership style of top executives.
Organisational membership is open to any organisation with an interest in deafness.
Organisational psychologists perform a diverse range of duties.
Organisational rank is given largely by social status, rather than by normal experience.
Organisational rates are available on completion of the subscription form.
Organisational skills are very important, as is a good memory.
Most organisational staff have no training at all in business writing for on-line delivery.
Organisational structures are notoriously hard to reshape.
Organisational support is also available for employees with particular needs.
Organisational theory focuses on the theories of public organisation.
Organise information flows and interactive workshops, seminars, working groups, etc.
Organise phone rounds.
Organised activities allow graduates to share teachings ideas, resources and problems.
Organised activities are comprehensive and varying.
Many organised activities encourage discovery of the museums' collections.
Organised communities can influence and change everything-attitudes, practices, laws and behaviours.
Organised energy is very powerful.
Every organised group compels members to abide by the stipulated rules.
Organised nature walks with interpretation on local flora and fauna.
Organised parties welcome with prior notice.
Organised religion can cause havoc in many a society.
Organised research is conducted in a number of areas.
Organised resistance is the only hope.
Organised retailers can give quality but put too high a price on it.
Many organised rides lead through plantations, with some trekking far into the country's interior.
Organised tours are best.
Organised trips are available from fishing centres and hotels along the coast.
Organised trips vary from the luxury to the basic.
Organised workers are indispensable to our efforts to deracialise our economy.
An organiser is a thinker
Organiser have responsibility for vetting proposals for conference papers.
Organisers accept no responsibility for payment of the same.
Organisers also help in teaching etc.
Organisers also work with employees where they already have a union.
Organisers are also responsible for local support and follow-up of the program.
Organisers are books.
Organisers are confident they can top last year's attendance figures.
Organisers are field workers.
Organisers are free to use the time in an unstructured way if they so desire.
Organisers are located in desks.
Organisers are lucky to muster a hundred people.
Organisers are magazines.
Organisers are really responsible.
Organisers are to arrange affordable accommodation and rooming facilities.
Organisers arrange placements on behalf of education employers.
Organisers believe it is the only such auction in Australia and perhaps the world.
Organisers can add, update and delete their own events in real time.
Organisers can bring people to do almost anything.
Organisers can thank the torch relay's unifying powers for keeping protests on the margin.
Organisers can work in a number of venues while co-ordinators are more office based.
Organisers come in several sizes.
Organisers enjoy activities that involve organising information and working with numbers and data.
Organisers have a choice of waitress or self-service for main meals.
Organisers have high expectations for community computer networks.
Organisers have relationships with participants.
Organisers hope to stage the three-day event meeting later in the year.
Organisers initially refuse to pay the band, claiming their set incited the audience to violence.
Organisers insist that an adequate supply of water and or replacement drinks to be carried.
Organisers insist that the gap between the genders in the tournament is closing.
Organisers insist the gap between the genders in the tournament is closing.
Organisers like to work in a well-structured environment.
Organisers plan to hold the event in the future although an exact date is still to be arranged.
Organisers predict a rush of buyers once the final fields are announced.
Organisers reject suggestions that the contest is designed to mock fat women.
Organisers require all dialogue to be documented for accuracy purposes.
Organisers reserve the right to limit entries in each event.
Organisers say is is Britain's first professionally-organised course on the subject.
Organisers say they didn t want the naturists event to go off half-cocked.
Organisers takes no responsibility for the runners.
Organisers thus make doubles a casualty to avoid logistic hassles.
Organisers try to train the focus on the millions the pageant has raised over the years for charity.
Organisers sometimes are rather old-fashioned in their attitudes and preferences.
All organisers are volunteers.
Many organisers fallaciously believe publicity matters little without sponsors.
Many organisers use qualified mountain guides as leaders.
Some organisers are happy as long as their propaganda needs are satisfied.
Some organisers offer mid-week entrance discounts or deals.
An organism is a living thing
Organism enters mouth to blood and then to kidney and placenta.
Organism grows slowly.
Organism invades as far as hilar nodes before immunologic response is triggered.
Organism is dependent upon external environmental heat.
Organism is dependent upon internal, metabolic heat.
Organism is dimorphic, grows as mold in soil and as yeast in skin.
Organism is found only in humans.
Organism is halophillic and needs salt to live.
Organism is ingested.
Organism is spherical to sub- spherical and covered by circular plates called coccoliths.
Organism is yeast.
Organism isa object.
Organism lives in vagina and urethra of women and urethra and prostate glad of men.
Organism sounds like the word organ.
Organisms absorb carbon via respiration or consumption.
Organisms absorb food.
Organisms absorb substances.
Organisms absorb toxic substances.
Organisms accumulate oil components from the water, sediments, and their food.
Organisms achieve the first objective, the production of off- spring, in many different ways.
Organisms acquire toxic substances from the environment along with nutrients or water.
Organisms act to move both energy and materials through ecosystems.
Organisms adapt in all kinds of ways, including with their physiology.
Organisms adapt rapidly to regular events, whereas irregular events can continue to produce stress.
Organisms adapt so they can survive their constantly changing habitat.
Organisms adapt to changes in their environment.
Organisms adapt to changes in their environments.
Organisms adapt to survive the best they can in their environment.
Organisms adapt to their dynamic environment using various strategies.
Organisms adapt to their environment.
Organisms adjust to changes in their environment.
Organisms affect health.
Organisms affect their environment.
Organisms also communicate within themselves.
Organisms also exchange nutrients, waste products, and gases with the environment.
Organisms also fossilize when they are buried in volcanic ash or entombed in tar or tree sap.
Organisms also have more specefic roles in certain environments.
Organisms also interact as parasites .
Organisms also use stem cells to replace damaged cells during their lifetime .
Organisms also use stem cells to replace damaged cells during their lifetime.
Organisms appear to have reached the land from the sea by way of estuaries and rivers.
Organisms are a biotic , or living , part of the environment .
Organisms are a biotic, or living, part of the environment.
Organisms are a product of their genetic history.
Organisms are able to reproduce either sexually or asexually.
Organisms are able to survive under conditions previously thought impossible.
Organisms are adapted to a certain range of factors, the extremes cause physical stress.
Organisms are adapted to survive in different conditions.
Organisms are affected by their environment in many ways.
Organisms are algorithms that are incarnated in DNA molecules and in proteins.
Organisms are algorithms written in binary code.
Organisms are also capable of liberating toxic substances.
Organisms are also just machines.
Organisms are always in competition against other organisms of their own kind as well as predators.
Organisms are by nature active.
Organisms are capable of dies.
Organisms are capable of needs.
Organisms are capable of producing huge numbers of offspring.
Organisms are characterized as autotrophs and heterotrophs.
Organisms are classified according to how closely they are related.
Organisms are classified based on characteristics.
Organisms are classified based on similiarities of structure.
Organisms are classified based on whether they are made up of prokaryotic or eukaryotic cells.
Organisms are classified into any particular group because they have certain common characteristics.
Organisms are classified into different categories based on common characteristics.
Organisms are classified into three Domains and into one of six Kingdoms of life.
Organisms are coherent systems, while ecosystems are noncoherent systems.
Organisms are commensal in cattle.
Organisms are complex and highly organized systems that are far from maximum entropy.
Organisms are composed of one or more cells.
Organisms are connected by an arrow that points toward the creature consuming it.
Organisms are continually absorbing and returning nutrients to their environments.
Organisms are divided into autotrophs and heterotrophs according to their energy pathways.
Organisms are divided up into roughly three different survivorship curves.
Organisms are enclosed by physical structures.
Organisms are exactly such perpetual machines.
Organisms are exposed to an environmental stimulus that leads to an altered phenotype.
Organisms are frequently present in the lungs, liver, spleen, bone marrow, and lymph nodes.
Organisms are grouped into tropic levels, divided into producers, consumers, and decomposers.
Organisms are heterotrophic and cells contain no cell walls.
Organisms are identified by their red color on acid-fast staining.
Organisms are in a constant battle with entropy and when they finally lose the war, they die.
Organisms are in competition with eachother.
Organisms are in.
Organisms are indicative of the substrate they inhabit.
Organisms are individual living things.
Organisms are individuals of a species.
Organisms are interdependent upon each other and depend on their environments.
Organisms are interdependent.
Organisms are known as animals.
Organisms are made of cells.
Organisms are made up of different kinds of cells and tissues.
Organisms are made up of simpler units called cells.
Organisms are most likely to be seen in blood drawn during a febrile episode.
Organisms are motivated by pleasure and pain.
Organisms are never able to extract all of the available energy from their food.
Organisms are often transparent and jelly-like, with only a few coloured spots.
Organisms are open systems that interact continually with their environments.
Organisms are open systems that interact continuously with their environment.
Organisms are open to the universe because they respire, excrete waste, generate heat, etc.
Organisms are organized wholes.
Organisms are part of ecosystems.
Organisms are physical systems, sure, but of course they are also so much more than physics.
Organisms are placed in various taxonomic groups based on evolutionary descent.
Organisms are plastic, environ- ments rigid.
Organisms are present at far left.
Organisms are products of a history of descent with modification.
Organisms are pyritized when they are in marine sediments saturated with iron sulfides.
Organisms are rare and tend to be present in the necrotic areas.
Organisms are referred to by their most widely accepted common names.
Organisms are self-causing agencies.
Organisms are simply well-adapted to their local environment.
Organisms are square or rectangular, with infinitely variable patterns.
Organisms are systems.
Organisms are the means used by genes to perpetrate themselves.
Organisms are the product of millions of years of evolution.
Organisms are unicellular or multicellular.
Organisms are very good at separating isotopes and choosing one over the other.
Organisms are visible on smears stained with new methylene blue.
Organisms attract predators.
Organisms become adapted to changes in the environment as a result of natural selection.
Organisms become adapted to the environments they live in .
Organisms become adapted to the environments they live in.
Organisms become airborne and infect the lungs.
Organisms become deceased and overtime are buried quickly.
Organisms become hosts.
Organisms become isolated as a result of environmental change.
Organisms belonging to the same or different species influence each other's development.
Organisms break down the soluble, readily degradable compounds.
Organisms burn food for the same reason.
Organisms can adapt genetically or rely on phenotypic plasticity to cope in the warmer environment.
Organisms can also decompose even without oxygen.
Organisms can also enter the bladder on urinary catheters .
Organisms can also exhibit fragmentation, regeneration, and parthenogenesis.
Organisms can also imitate the behaviors of other organisms.
Organisms can also obtain their energy by consuming other organisms.
Organisms can also use chemosynthesis to attract prey or to attract a mate.
Organisms can be either unicellular or multicellular.
Organisms can be proud to have been their own designers.
Organisms can be single celled or multicellular.
Organisms can be unicellular or multicellular- virus, bacterium, fungus, plants and animals.
Organisms can become better adapted within their lifetime by acquiring genetic characteristics.
Organisms can cover every square inch of a coral reef.
Organisms can eat or absorb energy.
Organisms can get into the central nervous system by several routes.
Organisms can have more than one connection.
Organisms can influence the modifying effects of the physical forces.
Organisms can influence the pH of the soil solution.
Organisms can live at high altitude , either on land, or while flying.
Organisms can live below the surface ice.
Organisms can live closer to water surface and eventually move onto land.
Organisms can live only in places where their needs are met.
Organisms can luminesce when they are disturbed.
Organisms can make either an active or a passive choice when choosing a mate.
Organisms can often compensate to an external stress such as acidification, at least up to a point.
Organisms can only live in an environment that they are suited to.
Organisms can only survive in environments in which their needs are met.
Organisms can only survive in environments in which they can meet their needs.
Organisms can only survive in environments that can meet their needs.
Organisms can only survive in environments that meet their needs.
Organisms can only survive in habitats where their needs are met.
Organisms can persist in endosomes and endolysosomes within cells.
Organisms can produce more progeny than can survive.
Organisms can repair some of their tissues, using mitosis to regenerate new cells.
Organisms can reproduce sexually or asexually.
Organisms can share similar traits through convergent evolution or through descent.
Organisms can stay preserved for hundreds of years.
Organisms can survive in high pH ranges and have been isolated from various teat dips.
Organisms can survive only in environments in which their needs are met.
Organisms can survive only in environments in which their needs can be met.
Organisms can survive only in environments that meet their needs.
Organisms can survive only in habitats in which their needs can be met.
Organisms capture and store free energy for use in biological processes.
Organisms carry two alleles for every trait.
Organisms cause gastrointestinal problems.
Organisms cause problems.
Organisms cause respiratory problems.
Organisms cause serious gastrointestinal problems.
Organisms cause serious problems.
Organisms cause sickness.
Organisms cause sleep sickness.
Organisms cause symptoms.
Organisms centrally are in cytoplasm of giant cell.
Organisms change and are changed by their environment.
Organisms change as the environment continues to change.
Organisms change as they grow through their life cycle.
Organisms change in response to conditions in their environment .
Organisms change in response to conditions in their environment.
Organisms change over time.
Organisms change properties.
Organisms cluster around hydrothermal vents in the ocean floor.
Organisms collected include plankton, benthos, and nekton.
Organisms colonizing the merotope form a merocenosis.
Organisms come up with new inventions all the time to convert energy into fitness.
Organisms commonly consume, and are consumed by, more than one other type of organism.
Organisms compete for food, water, and other resources.
Organisms compete for resources such as space, water, light, food, and mates.
Organisms compete for Resources.
Organisms compete for the resources in a habitat.
Organisms compete with each other for certain essential needs for survival.
Organisms composed of different parts are subject to dissolution.
Organisms concentrate and extract elements from their environment.
Organisms consist mostly of liquid water.
Organisms constitute any living creature.
Organisms consume both solid and liquid food substances by various methods.
Organisms consume matter.
Organisms consume nutrients from a variety of different sources in the food chain.
Organisms consume organic matter.
Organisms contain antigen.
Organisms contain compounds.
Organisms contain different antigen.
Organisms contain many different antigen.
Organisms contain many different types of cells that perform many different functions.
Organisms contain nitrogen compounds.
Organisms contain water.
Organisms containing gene products are valuable natural resources.
Organisms continually evolve to new and often more complex forms as they adapt to new environments.
Organisms covered include fungi, bacteria and invertebrates.
Organisms create evolution.
Organisms create more offspring than can survive.
Organisms deal with temperature extremes in ways besides simply being tough.
Organisms decompose more quickly when they are in contact with oxygen.
Organisms decrease numerically and are usually found in giant cells and histiocytes.
Organisms depend on certain habitat conditions in order to survive and thrive.
Organisms depend on inorganic and organic factors.
Organisms depend on one another in other ways, too.
Organisms depend on one another to meet their needs.
Organisms depend on other organisms for food, shelter, protection, and reproduction.
Organisms depend on the cohesion of water molecules.
Organisms depend upon many biotic and abiotic factors in their environment to survive.
Organisms derive nourishment.
Organisms derive nutrients.
Organisms desire lives.
Organisms detect, respond, and compete for resources in their physical and biological environment.
Organisms develop as result of blueprint of instructions encoded in their genes.
Organisms develop hard parts, providing additional protection from UV and predation.
Organisms die as a result of the low levels of oxygen.
Organisms die if surrounded by too many neighbours or by too few.
Organisms die more or less equally at each age interval.
Organisms die, populations decline, and species become extinct.
Organisms differ in how many of the molecules in their cells they can construct for themselves.
Organisms differ in the ways they obtain energy.
Organisms differ in their character, size, nutrition, habit and habitat.
Organisms display a variety of sexual life cycles.
Organisms display enormous fidelity in their developmental and growth patterns.
Organisms display heritable variations among themselves.
Organisms display variation among themselves.
Organisms do act selfishly.
Organisms do struggle for survival.
Organisms drift naturally in the environment.
Organisms eat dead plants.
Organisms eat fungi.
Organisms eat meat.
Organisms eat plants.
Organisms eat prey.
Organisms eat to obtain energy and materials to build cells and body structures.
Organisms eating other animals are called carnivores.
Organisms establish themselves in a new environment.
Organisms eventually die as they get older.
Organisms evolve to resist fires in regions where fire is a natural phenomenon.
Organisms evolve within eco-systems so that the change of one organism affects the change of others.
Organisms exist in environments that vary in time and over space.
Organisms exist to reproduce, whereas, outside religious belief, rocks and stars have no purpose.
Organisms expend energy with each action, including neural activity.
Organisms fall into one of two categories depending on how they obtain energy.
Organisms feed on more than one species.
Organisms feeding on droppings find their way to browse and are unknowingly consumed by moose.
Organisms feeding on the herbivores, called carnivores, occupy the next trophic level.
Organisms find ways to adapt to new environments or toxic materials.
Organisms float more easily in a more viscous liquid.
Organisms follow all three of the precepts of French revolution.
Organisms follow evolutionary paths that are primarily exploitive.
Organisms form food chains and ecosystems.
Organisms form natural groups of more or less similar individuals.
Organisms form structures.
Organisms generally belong to several different food chains that are linked to form a food web.
Organisms generally follow two basic strategies, being either a generalist or a specialist.
Organisms generally prefer to eat the most energy-rich organisms they can find.
Organisms get from an initial site of infection via the blood to normal or abnormal heart valves.
Organisms give off heat, carbon dioxide, and nutrients as they consume residue.
Organisms give rise to others of the same type.
Organisms go through asexual reproduction.
Organisms go through cellular respiration.
Organisms go through development.
Organisms go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Organisms go through metamorphosis.
Organisms go through reproduction.
Organisms go through respiration.
Organisms go through stages.
Organisms grow and develop .
Organisms grow and reproduce by copying their genetic material, creating eggs and sperm.
Organisms grow and respond to their environment.
Organisms grow because cells are dividing to produce more and more cells.
Organisms grow below the surface.
Organisms grow by selecting and reassembling the materials of the medium in which they live.
Organisms grow from birth till death.
Organisms grow on limestone, shaping the spire shapes.
Organisms grow up to resemble their parents.
Organisms grow, change, and die over time.
Organisms grow, develop and eventually die.
Organisms growing, changing and becoming more complex are part of development.
Organisms have (part) cell membranes.
Organisms have (part) cells.
Organisms have (part) corpi.
Organisms have (part) cytoplasm.
Organisms have (part) nuclei.
Organisms have (part) plasma membranes.
Organisms have (part) sections.
Organisms have (part) vacuoles.
Organisms have a much greater range of endurance than of activity.
Organisms have a variety of mechanisms to combat disease.
Organisms have ability.
Organisms have activities.
Organisms have adaptive characteristics.
Organisms have amaze ability.
Organisms have an easier time invading such cuts.
Organisms have an inherent capability of protecting their species through reproduction.
Organisms have anatomical similarities when they are closely related because of common descent.
Organisms have appearances.
Organisms have backup systems.
Organisms have basic needs and can only survive in environments where their needs are met.
Organisms have basic needs and can survive only in environments in which their needs can be met.
Organisms have basic needs for survival.
Organisms have basic needs such as air, food, and water.
Organisms have basic needs, such as food, water, air, space, and shelter.
Organisms have basic needs.
Organisms have behavioral responses to internal changes and to external stimuli.
Organisms have bilateral symmetry.
Organisms have breadth.
Organisms have capability.
Organisms have cell membranes.
Organisms have cell nuclei.
Organisms have cellulose.
Organisms have certain characteristics.
Organisms have certain features.
Organisms have characteristics.
Organisms have cilia.
Organisms have codes in their genetic material telling how to make new instances.
Organisms have common characteristics.
Organisms have common patterns.
Organisms have complexity.
Organisms have components.
Organisms have constraints.
Organisms have definite shapes.
Organisms have determinate growth.
Organisms have differences.
Organisms have different ecological roles.
Organisms have different means of reproduction.
Organisms have different roles.
Organisms have diploid phases.
Organisms have diploid stages.
Organisms have dispersal capability.
Organisms have distinct structures.
Organisms have ecological roles.
Organisms have effects.
Organisms have exterior features.
Organisms have features.
Organisms have female organs.
Organisms have female reproductive organs.
Organisms have flat shapes.
Organisms have growth habits.
Organisms have growth.
Organisms have habitats, ranges, and ecological niches in ecosystems.
Organisms have habits.
Organisms have haploid stages.
Organisms have heads.
Organisms have health.
Organisms have indefinite growth.
Organisms have inertia.
Organisms have levels.
Organisms have life stages.
Organisms have life.
Organisms have light.
Organisms have limit ability.
Organisms have limit capability.
Organisms have limit dispersal capability.
Organisms have limits.
Organisms have long necks.
Organisms have low inertia.
Organisms have low mortality.
Organisms have low thermal inertia.
Organisms have male organs.
Organisms have male reproductive organs.
Organisms have mandibles.
Organisms have many common characteristics.
Organisms have many different systems for repairing DNA lesions.
Organisms have many distinct and unique features which they use for survival.
Organisms have marvelous mechanisms for detecting and repairing genetic damage.
Organisms have membranes.
Organisms have methods.
Organisms have mortality.
Organisms have multicellular stages.
Organisms have necks.
Organisms have no control over variation.
Organisms have no time to develop resistant strains unlike antibiotic use.
Organisms have nuclear membranes.
Organisms have nuclei.
Organisms have nucleotides.
Organisms have organs.
Organisms have particular roles in ecosystems, and interact in a variety of ways.
Organisms have patterns.
Organisms have phases.
Organisms have phenotypes.
Organisms have porous membranes.
Organisms have proteins.
Organisms have receptors, which are molecules that detect specific stimuli.
Organisms have reproductive organs.
Organisms have ribosomes.
Organisms have roles.
Organisms have several different organizational levels.
Organisms have sex cells called gametes.
Organisms have sex.
Organisms have shapes.
Organisms have similar appearances.
Organisms have similar characteristics.
Organisms have single nuclei.
Organisms have specific requirements for survival including specific environmental conditions.
Organisms have stages.
Organisms have structures.
Organisms have symmetry.
Organisms have system control subsystems, while ecosystems have no role for such a subsystem.
Organisms have tendencies.
Organisms have the potential to change the abiotic composition of their ecosystem.
Organisms have the reproductive capacity to produce far more offspring than can survive.
Organisms have thermal inertia.
Organisms have thin membranes.
Organisms have tissue.
Organisms have to be better adapted as population size increases.
Organisms have to compete for space to grow and hold on and there is competition for food.
Organisms have to either adjust to the changes or die out.
Organisms have to face many environments, variable both in space and in time.
Organisms have to have a unique niche in order to survive.
Organisms have to make tradeoffs because the energy is finite.
Organisms have tolerance.
Organisms have two forms of nucleic acid.
Organisms have two ways they can get behaviours.
Organisms have types.
Organisms have unique and diverse life cycles.
Organisms have various methods to control their salt intake.
Organisms have vestigial organs.
Organisms have waste.
Organisms have weight.
Organisms have wide breadth.
Organisms having gametangial meiosis are fundamentally diploid.
Organisms having zygotic meiosis are fundamentally haploid.
Organisms here have adaptations to see and keep from being seen.
Organisms however can change in man's memory too.
Organisms immediately decrease ventilation to retain carbon dioxide.
Organisms immediately increase ventilation to blow off carbon dioxide.
Organisms include algas.
Organisms include amoebas.
Organisms include fungi.
Organisms include green plants.
Organisms include multicellular algas.
Organisms include plants.
Organisms include protozoans.
Organisms including shrimp to fish to whales consume phytoplankton as a means to survive.
Organisms increase cell density.
Organisms increase density.
Organisms increase in height, weight etc. to exhibit growth.
Organisms increase in size and the number of cells they possess.
Organisms increase in size, that is, grow, and also decay.
Organisms infect intestines.
Organisms infect large intestines.
Organisms infecting the genital tract have the easiest time of all.
Organisms influence their environment and the environment influences organisms.
Organisms inhabit habitats.
Organisms inhabit humid places.
Organisms inhabit places.
Organisms inhabit regions.
Organisms inhabit same regions.
Organisms inhabit specific microhabitats within the environment of a general habitat.
Organisms inherit their genes from their parents.
Organisms inherit two alleles for each trait.
Organisms inherit various kinds of developmental information and cues from their parents.
Organisms interact and are interdependent in various ways.
Organisms interact in many other ways besides predator and prey.
Organisms interact with one another in various ways besides providing food.
Organisms interact with one another in various ways.
Organisms interact with other organisms and the physical environment.
Organisms interact with other organisms in fundamental ways.
Organisms interact with their environment in many different ways.
Organisms interact with their environments, exchanging matter and energy.
Organisms invade circulating erythrocytes and begin multiplying asexually.
Organisms invest a considerable amount of time and energy into reproducing.
Organisms involved in fermentation include bacteria and yeast.
Organisms keep developing themselves and become more complex and diversion.
Organisms keep internal conditions stable by process called homeostasis.
Organisms keep to one group of plants for their feeding.
Organisms killed by pathogens contribute organic matter for nutrient cycling.
Organisms lack chloroplasts.
Organisms lead to conditions.
Organisms learn associations between stimuli and events.
Organisms live in aquatic environments.
Organisms live in deep water.
Organisms live in environments.
Organisms live in environments.
Organisms live in extreme environments.
Organisms live in fluctuate environments.
Organisms live in geothermally heated marine sediments worldwide.
Organisms live in hot water.
Organisms live in humid environments.
Organisms live in marine water.
Organisms live in moist environments.
Organisms live in oceans.
Organisms live in open oceans.
Organisms live in particular places.
Organisms live in places.
Organisms live in ponds.
Organisms live in rivers.
Organisms live in saltwater environments.
Organisms live in same places.
Organisms live in seawater.
Organisms live in water.
Organisms live in watery environments.
Organisms live in zones.
Organisms live together, and affect each other's survival.
Organisms live, grow and reproduce in places where, and at times when, conditions are suitable.
Organisms living at or near the surface are impacted more than others in the area.
Organisms living at the interface have to be able to cope with both types of environment.
Organisms living in such extreme environments show a fascinating array of biochemical adaptations.
Organisms living in the environment react in a variety of ways to arsenic exposure .
Organisms living on the fossil carbonate platforms are diverse and vary significantly with depth.
Organisms living there are called the pelagos.
Organisms living today show no relationship to organisms living billions of years ago.
Organisms lose water thmugh evaporation, urinating, and by osmosis.
Organisms lower the freezing point by adding solutes, sort of like antifreeze.
Organisms made of one cell are unicellular.
Organisms maintain a dynamic equilibrium that sustains life.
Organisms make life.
Organisms make or seek out sources of energy.
Organisms make other organisms like themselves.
Organisms make problems.
Organisms mature slowly, are long lived.
Organisms multiply in the intestine causing abdominal pain and diarrhea.
Organisms obtain energy in one of two ways.
Organisms obtain food.
Organisms obtain most calories from fats, proteins, disaccharides and polysaccharides.
Organisms obtain nutrients.
Organisms obtain oxygen in various ways.
Organisms obtain oxygen through diffusion, absorption, inhalation, and pores.
Organisms occupy nearly all parts of the earth.
Organisms occupy specific living areas.
Organisms occur in aquatic environments.
Organisms occur in areas.
Organisms occur in environments.
Organisms occur in habitats.
Organisms occur in muddy areas.
Organisms occur in the soil and in the intestinal tract of herbivors.
Organisms only go extinct when catastrophes occur.
Organisms penetrate host cells causing necrosis.
Organisms perceive the environment and react to it.
Organisms pick up information from the environment.
Organisms placed in the same genus are least closely related.
Organisms play decisive roles.
Organisms play different important roles in an ecosystem.
Organisms play different roles.
Organisms play essential roles.
Organisms play important roles.
Organisms play lesser roles.
Organisms play more than one role in an ecosystem.
Organisms play roles.
Organisms play valuable roles.
Organisms play vital roles.
Organisms possess cilia.
Organisms possess variation.
Organisms possessing chlorophyll are able to use solar energy through photosynthesis.
Organisms present a greater complexity of structure, power of adaptation, and variety of function.
Organisms produce acid.
Organisms produce antibodies.
Organisms produce biomass.
Organisms produce carbon dioxide.
Organisms produce dioxide.
Organisms produce enzymes.
Organisms produce many types of waste.
Organisms produce more offspring than actually survive.
Organisms produce more offspring than can possibly survive in the world.
Organisms produce more offspring than can possibly survive.
Organisms produce more offspring than can survive.
Organisms produce more organisms of their own kind.
Organisms produce numbers.
Organisms produce offspring that are similar to the parent or parents.
Organisms produce only one type of gamete.
Organisms produce organic acid.
Organisms produced asexually are virtually identical copies, or clones, of a single parent.
Organisms protect themselves by using sophisticated chemistry to gain an advantage.
Organisms radiate away from their original environment.
Organisms range from very common to rare.
Organisms range from viruses to bacteria, fungi, protozoans and other macroorganisms.
Organisms range in size from microscopic to huge whales.
Organisms react to change in their surroundings.
Organisms react, grow, move, pass through phases and interact.
Organisms recognize others as members of their own species.
Organisms reflect their food source .
Organisms release carbon in the form of carbon dioxide gas by respiration.
Organisms release energy back into the biosphere as heat.
Organisms rely on the factors for survival.
Organisms represent the combined effects of thousands of genes working in concert.
Organisms reproduce .
Organisms reproduce after their own kinds.
Organisms reproduce and pass along the traits from one generation to the next.
Organisms reproduce and pass along traits from on generation to the next.
Organisms reproduce asexually when they produce offspring without the fusion of gametes.
Organisms reproduce either sexually or asexually.
Organisms reproduce in a wide variety of ways.
Organisms reproduce less frequently.
Organisms reproduce offspring of their own kind.
Organisms reproduce to perpetuate the species.
Organisms reproducing through binary fission grow in numbers exponentially.
Organisms require different environmental conditions during different stages of their life-cycle.
Organisms require energy in the form of chemical bonds.
Organisms require free energy to grow and reproduce.
Organisms require matter.
Organisms require specific balances or ratios of nutrients.
Organisms require water.
Organisms resemble their closest relatives more than distant relatives.
Organisms respond the changes by initiating internal chemical changes.
Organisms respond to changes and vagaries in the environment.
Organisms respond to changes in their external environments.
Organisms respond to elevated temperatures by rapidly inducing HSPs.
Organisms respond to external stimuli.
Organisms respond to internal and external stimuli in their environment.
Organisms respond to internal or environmental stimuli.
Organisms respond to stimuli from their environment.
Organisms retard the process of energy-dissipation.
Organisms return nitrogen to the atmosphere through decay.
Organisms secrete the shell in the form of scales or pieces in a gelatinous covering.
Organisms seek to maintain homeostasis at all biological levels of organization.
Organisms serve a variety of functions in the soil ecosystem.
Organisms share attributes.
Organisms share common attributes.
Organisms share common characteristics of life.
Organisms share energy from the sun in the food web.
Organisms share migration patterns.
Organisms share particular attributes.
Organisms share patterns.
Organisms show a remarkable complexity suggestive of design.
Organisms show development.
Organisms show differentiations.
Organisms show evidence.
Organisms show exponential growth.
Organisms show features.
Organisms show growth.
Organisms show patterns.
Organisms show responses.
Organisms show similarities in structure and development unrelated to function.
Organisms shown include fish, corals, and more.
Organisms shown include fish, corals, bryozoans, barchiopods and more.
Organisms so created can start, after the development phase, to reproduce.
Organisms starve to death because air and water pollution contaminates their food supply.
Organisms struggle for their survival every day and many have developed specialized adaptations.
Organisms survive climates.
Organisms survive conditions.
Organisms survive disasters.
Organisms survive drought.
Organisms survive for months.
Organisms survive for several weeks.
Organisms survive for weeks.
Organisms survive harsh climates.
Organisms survive in an ecosystem by being in a food chain or adapting to the resident food web.
Organisms survive natural disasters.
Organisms survive primarily by chance rather than some inherent superiority over other organisms.
Organisms survive through inclement weather.
Organisms swim into the funnel opening and are unable to find their way back out.
Organisms take in and transform energy to do work, including the maintenance of their ordered state.
Organisms take in food, or nutrients.
Organisms tend to be complex and highly organized.
Organisms tend to be homeostatic .
Organisms tend to be of low virulence.
Organisms tend to grow and develop.
Organisms tend to have little to no parental care.
Organisms tend to have longer gestation periods and developing offspring are protected.
Organisms tend to increase geometrically a.
Organisms tend to marginate at the periphery of defects.
Organisms tend to produce offspring like themselves.
Organisms therefore compete with each other for the limited resources.
Organisms thrive in conditions that best meet their needs.
Organisms transform energy.
Organisms undergo diurnal migration.
Organisms undergo evolution.
Organisms undergo meiosis.
Organisms undergo migration.
Organisms undergo reproduction.
Organisms undergo respiration.
Organisms undergo sexual reproduction.
Organisms undergo structural changes which are congruent with the medium in which they exist.
Organisms undergo transformation.
Organisms use aerobic respiration.
Organisms use asexual reproduction.
Organisms use camouflage to mask their location , identity, and movement.
Organisms use carbohydrates in many ways.
Organisms use carbohydrates.
Organisms use cellular respiration to make usable energy.
Organisms use cellular respiration.
Organisms use digestion.
Organisms use energy to move, grow, reproduce, and more.
Organisms use energy.
Organisms use extracellular digestion.
Organisms use features.
Organisms use kidneys.
Organisms use light.
Organisms use many different resources.
Organisms use many elements to build their structures and functions.
Organisms use methods.
Organisms use organs.
Organisms use oxidation-reduction reactions to gain and transfer energy.
Organisms use photosynthesis.
Organisms use red light.
Organisms use reproduction.
Organisms use respiration.
Organisms use sexual reproduction.
Organisms use sunlight.
Organisms use three different classes of redox centers in enzymes.
Organisms use various strategies to regulate body temperature and metabolism.
Organisms use visible light.
Organisms use water to make shells or bones.
Organisms used are non-pathogenic but can cause infection with open wounds.
Organisms used are non-pathogenic but cans cause infection when in contact with open wounds.
Organisms used are non-pathogenic, but can cause infection when in contact with open wounds.
Organisms vary in a heritable fashion.
Organisms vary in different areas of the same type of biome.
Organisms vary in their degree of susceptibility to any chemotherapeutic.
Organisms vary tremendously in there requirements for oxygen.
Organisms vary, and the variations are inherited by their offspring.
Organisms view xenobiotics as another electron acceptor choice.
Organisms work together to keep their ecosystem healthy and productive.
Organism often enters thru skin lacerations - cause by bites for other pigs competing for food.
Organisms often adapt to new hosts, and plant breeders seek new defenses.
Organisms often consume and are consumed by more than one other organism.
Organisms often evolve to mimic something else, usually for protection.
Organisms often respond to their environment by changing the way they look or behave.
Organisms often respond to their environment through adaptation.
Organisms sometimes adapt to and with other organisms.
Organisms usually become dormant in places hav- ing fairly uniform environments.
Organisms usually have five basic needs .
Organisms usually have five basic needs.
All organisms absorb radiation from the ultraviolet, visible and infra-red parts of the spectrum.
All organisms appear to regulate telomere tract length to a species-specific average value.
All organisms are arranged in an orderly way.
All organisms are capable of healing themselves.
All organisms are capable of producing more offspring than there are parents.
All organisms are capable of reproduction by passing on their genes.
All organisms are classified in scientific names and put into groups.
All organisms are composed of cells and come only from preexisting cells.
All organisms are composed of cells, the fundamental unit of life.
All organisms are composed of one or more cells .
All organisms are composed off cells.
All organisms are connected to each other through feeding interactions.
All organisms are counted, regardless their size.
All organisms are derived from common ancestors by a process of branching.
All organisms are descendants of a common ancestor.
All organisms are discrete entities that interact and disperse locally.
All organisms are divided into five kingdoms.
All organisms are either single cells or arrangements of cells that function together.
All organisms are genetically different from all other organisms.
All organisms are given a generic and specific name in Latin.
All organisms are identical.
All organisms are immigrants.
All organisms are important in an ever changing balance of specie populations.
All organisms are important within an ecosystem.
All organisms are in battle for survival against their environment.
All organisms are in close coupling with their environment.
All organisms are interdependent.
All organisms are like engines in that they only can operate through the consumption of energy.
All organisms are made from cells.
All organisms are made of cells and the products of cells.
All organisms are made of cells or aggregates of cells.
All organisms are made of cells, and all cells come from preexisting cells.
All organisms are made of more than one cell.
All organisms are made up of cells and the cell begins with atoms and molecules.
All organisms are made up of one or more .
All organisms are made up of one or more cells.
All organisms are made up of small closed structures called as cells.
All organisms are mixtures of advantageous, neutral, and dis- advantageous characters.
All organisms are multicellular, except yeast.
All organisms are part of webs that depend on one another for energy and raw materials.
All organisms are subject to various sources of mortality.
All organisms are the descendants of an ancestor.
All organisms are very sensitive to even the most subtle variations in molecular architecture.
All organisms belong to one of three domains, A single domain can contain one or more kingdoms.
All organisms belong, in essence, to the same family, living in kinship on earth.
All organisms burn glucose to form during cellular respiration.
All organisms can cause change in the environment in which they live.
All organisms carry on respiration.
All organisms carry out basic life functions in order to sustain life.
All organisms carry out chemical reactions for the purpose of energy transformation.
All organisms carry out each of the ecosystem processes to some extent.
All organisms cause change in the environment where they live.
All organisms cause changes in the ecosystem in which they live.
All organisms cause changes in the environment in which they live.
All organisms cause changes in the environment where they live.
All organisms cause changes in their environments.
All organisms contain water and require that water to be relatively pure.
All organisms continue their species through reproduction.
All organisms depend on a food chain to obtain nourishment.
All organisms depend on abiotic factors in their environment.
All organisms depend on each other.
All organisms depend on external energy to fuel their chemical reactions.
All organisms depend on two global food webs that are interconnected.
All organisms eat and all are eaten.
All organisms encounter some amount of environmental change.
All organisms excrete wastes.
All organisms exhibit hereditary variations.
All organisms exist in an external world which is spoken of as their environment.
All organisms exist within ecosystems.
All organisms get energy from food .
All organisms get energy from food.
All organisms get water and other materials from the environment.
All organisms go through cellular respiration, or oxidize energy for energy.
All organisms go through changes in appearance during their lifespan.
All organisms go through stages of development.
All organisms grow and change.
All organisms grow and develop.
All organisms have a circadian rhythm, sleep is a part of that cycle.
All organisms have a complex nervous system including a brain.
All organisms have a definite number of chromosomes.
All organisms have a life cycle but only some organisms go through metamorphosis.
All organisms have a life-span.
All organisms have a tolerance level for pollutants.
All organisms have an effect on each other and their surroundings.
All organisms have cells.
All organisms have certain norms they have to follow.
All organisms have direct or indirect interrelations.
All organisms have external parts.
All organisms have genes, which consist of alleles, forms of gene coding for one single trait.
ALL organisms have glycolysis occurring in their cytoplasm .
ALL organisms have glycolysis occurring in their cytoplasm.
All organisms have life cycles.
All organisms have long-chain fatty acids in their phospholipids.
All organisms have natural enemies in their environment that limit their populations.
All organisms have the ability to respond and adapt to a myriad of environmental insults.
All organisms have the ability to self-repair.
All organisms have thousands of genes.
All organisms have to experience stress and adjust to it.
All organisms influence their environments.
All organisms interact with one another and are dependent upon their physical environment.
All organisms keep internal conditions stable by the process called homeostasis.
All organisms live by performing a wide variety of chemical reactions.
All organisms live in temporally fluctuating environments.
All organisms make heat shock proteins, also known as chaperones, in response to high temperatures.
All organisms modify their environment as a function of survival.
All organisms multiply or reproduce their own kind.
All organisms obey the laws of chemistry and physics.
All organisms obtain food, shelter, and other resources from their habitat.
All organisms operate by the same metabolic principles and share many metabolic pathways .
All organisms pass through a characteristic life cycle.
All organisms perform cellular respiration in some form, including dragon flies.
All organisms possess elaborate DNA repair machinery to maintain the integrity of the genome.
All organisms produce and excrete wastes.
All organisms produce far more offspring than can survive to adulthood and reproduce.
All organisms produce more offspring than can possibly be supported by the limited resources.
All organisms produce more offspring than can survive in the world.
All organisms produce more offspring than their environment can support.
All organisms produce waste and eventually die.
All organisms produce wastes and eventually die.
All organisms reproduce in order to continue the species' life.
All organisms reproduce to continue their species ' life .
All organisms require a specific supply of mineral nutrients for proper growth.
All organisms require a steady supply of energy to stay alive.
All organisms require energy.
All organisms require information to function.
All organisms require oxygen in some form in order to survive.
All organisms require resources to grow, reproduce, and survive.
All organisms require some source of energy to maintain life and growth.
All organisms require very similar elements when making more of themselves.
All organisms seem to be able to vary around an average type, but never far from the average.
All organisms seem to be capable of orienting to gravity, even plants.
All organisms sense and respond to nutrients.
All organisms share a common DNA base.
All organisms share a common genetic origin.
All organisms share common ancestors with other organisms.
All organisms store valuable genetic makeup that once lost, is gone forever.
All organisms strive to pass as many genes onto the next generation as possible.
All organisms strive to survive on an individual and species level by regeneration and reproduction.
All organisms take in energy and use it to perform many kinds of work.
All organisms tend to increase in geometric proportion.
All organisms use energy to carry out functions such as movement , defense or growth .
All organisms use habitat that varies across numerous scales of space and time.
All organisms use natural resources to sustain themselves.
All organisms use photosynthesis to make food.
All organisms use the energy in chemical bonds to carryout the processes of life.
All organisms vary considerably.
Any organism can be serious and can cost thousands of dollars per infection.
Any organism can experience pain and pleasure as long as it has the necessary receptors.
Any organism has to keep up with any changes in their environment.
Any organism occupies a given niche.
Every organism begins as a single cell.
Every organism consists of parts that can be arranged in increasing levels of complexity.
Every organism contains only one gene per chromosome.
Every organism develops certain adaptations and so does the population or a community.
Every organism has a food supply that it depends upon for life.
Every organism has a niche- or role in the environment.
Every organism has a range of inherited traits.
Every organism has a unique body plan.
Every organism has a unique ecosystem within which it lives.
Every organism has a unique genetic code, called the genotype.
Every organism has an important to play for the functioning of ecosystem.
Every organism has conditions conducive to growth and replication.
Every organism has devices to detect gravity.
Every organism has name in latin.
Every organism has to both survive and reproduce to run the evolutionary gauntlet.
Every organism has to cope with an assortment of predators and parasites.
Every organism has two sets of chromosomes which are copies of genetic information.
Every organism is a One in Many.
Every organism is different some have more or less pairs of chromosomes.
Every organism is illustrated.
Every organism is linked in some way to at least one other living thing.
Every organism is made of cells and every cell comes from another cell.
Every organism is placed into one of five kingdoms.
Every organism is subject to change.
Every organism lives in their own environment.
Every organism needs nutrients to build tissues and carry out life functions.
Every organism needs to find food, which is the basis of the food chain and food web.
Every organism needs to obtain energy in order to live.
Every organism operates within a cycle of rest, regeneration and action.
Every organism plays an important role in balancing and stabilizing nature.
Every organism reinterprets the rules, creates exceptions for itself, creates new rules.
Every organism takes origin from a parent organism of the same kind.
Many organisms add to reef structure including algae, molluscs, sponges and worms.
Many organisms adhere to matter.
Many organisms also benefit from metabolic or biochemical changes in cold weather.
Many organisms also have a pair of sex chromosomes, which differ between males and females.
Many organisms also have electron micrographs accompanying the description.
Many organisms are able to adapt to many different pH levels.
Many organisms are able to regulate the metal concentrations in their tissues.
Many organisms are expensive to maintain in terms of time and labor.
Many organisms are in a delicate balance in the vagina.
Many organisms are innocuous, and some are even beneficial.
Many organisms are omnivores with variable diets.
Many organisms are scavengers.
Many organisms are specialized in decomposing other organisms.
Many organisms benefit when predators and their competition empty out their niche.
Many organisms build, modify or destroy physical structures in the environment.
Many organisms can breathe oxygen from seawater and eat hydrogen sulfide.
Many organisms can cause a paronychia.
Many organisms can cause allergic type reactions such as headaches, runny nose and itchy eyes.
Many organisms can contaminate food and water, and cause illness in humans.
Many organisms can form mineral solids.
Many organisms can harbor themselves without producing symptoms.
Many organisms can only obtain their energy by feeding on other organisms.
Many organisms can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Many organisms can reproduce sexually as well as asexually.
Many organisms change the pH of their substrate by producing by-products during growth.
Many organisms create their shells out of the mineral calcite.
Many organisms depend directly upon seagrasses for their survival.
Many Organisms display two of the three types described above.
Many organisms encountered in ophthalmic endophthalmitis are low-virulence organisms.
Many organisms find shelter either in the roots or branches of mangroves.
Many organisms function at very specific levels of bioactive metals.
Many organisms have body parts that have no function at all.
Many organisms have common names.
Many organisms have fairly stringent pH requirements.
Many organisms have organs and systems.
Many organisms have powerful control genes that determine how the body is laid out.
Many organisms have protective spines, shells, or other defensive structures.
Many organisms have similar body plans.
Many organisms have that capacity.
Many organisms have the ability to give rise to new individual organisms from their body parts.
Many organisms live among mangrove roots.
Many organisms live for only a few minutes in the presence of silver.
Many organisms live in the soil.
Many organisms live in water.
Many organisms live on and in the human body.
Many organisms live on the exoskeleton and other organisms are internally parasitic in crayfish.
Many organisms live together in relationships where one depends upon the other.
Many organisms make their home in the mangrove swamp.
Many organisms make their homes in the tops of trees.
Many organisms mimic other organisms, as an element of protective adaptation.
Many organisms modify or even create their own environments.
Many organisms neutralize their buoyancy by maintaining lightweight body fluids.
Many organisms only reproduce at certain times of the year, often just annually.
Many organisms produce solid and liquid waste.
Many organisms rely on eelgrass for cover, and on both eelgrass and algae for food.
Many organisms rely on sound for echolocation or for communication.
Many organisms reproduce asexually.
Many organisms require special processing in order to obtain growth.
Many organisms seem to be restricted to water within some range of hardness.
Many organisms show distinct breeding cycles.
Many organisms show features of appallingly bad design.
Many organisms use carbon to make calcium carbonate, a building material of shells and skeletons.
Most organisms absorb food.
Most organisms absorb substances.
Most organisms absorb toxic substances.
Most organisms affect health.
Most Organisms are already Well-Adapted, so any change is likely to be harmful.
Most organisms are diploid.
Most organisms are harmed by the non-toxic results of the oil being in the environment.
Most organisms are known as animals.
Most organisms are motile .
Most organisms are motile.
Most organisms are sexual beings.
Most organisms are single cells.
Most organisms are still single-celled.
Most organisms attach to the cell linings, and have varying abilities to cause deeper tissue damage.
Most organisms attract predators.
Most organisms avoid exposure to the waves and wind by burying themselves under the sand.
Most organisms become fossils when they're changed through various other means.
Most organisms become hosts.
Most organisms can become sensitized to the compound as well.
Most organisms can do little to change the carrying capacity of their environments, but humans have.
Most organisms can produce more offspring than are able to survive.
Most organisms can respond to a stimulus that signals a potentially harmful event.
Most organisms can survive if the temperature is within a certain range.
Most organisms cause gastrointestinal problems.
Most organisms cause problems.
Most organisms cause respiratory problems.
Most organisms cause serious gastrointestinal problems.
Most organisms cause serious problems.
Most organisms cause sickness.
Most organisms cause sleep sickness.
Most organisms cause symptoms.
Most organisms consist of many different types of cell, each with a specific role to play.
Most organisms contain a gene that regulates cell division.
Most organisms contain antigen.
Most organisms contain compounds.
Most organisms contain different antigen.
Most organisms contain many different antigen.
Most organisms contain nitrogen compounds.
Most organisms contain water.
Most organisms demonstrate the same basic needs and metabolic processes.
Most organisms depend directly on others for nutrients and gases.
Most organisms depend on movement in their quest to survive.
Most organisms eat dead plants.
Most organisms eat fungi.
Most organisms eat meat.
Most organisms eat plants.
Most organisms eat prey.
Most organisms eat several kinds of food and therefore belong to more than one chain.
Most organisms feed on a wide variety of plants and animals.
Most organisms form two different types of gametes.
Most organisms get their chemical energy from the food they either produce themselves or ingest.
Most organisms go through asexual reproduction.
Most organisms go through cellular respiration.
Most organisms go through development.
Most organisms go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Most organisms go through metamorphosis.
Most organisms go through reproduction.
Most organisms go through respiration.
Most organisms grow best at or near room and body temperature.
Most organisms grow poorly, if at all .
Most organisms have ability.
Most organisms have activities.
Most organisms have adaptive characteristics.
Most organisms have amaze ability.
Most organisms have appearances.
Most organisms have bilateral symmetry.
Most organisms have breadth.
Most organisms have capability.
Most organisms have cell membranes.
Most organisms have cell nuclei.
Most organisms have cells that are diploid , i.e. having two sets of chromosomes.
Most organisms have certain characteristics.
Most organisms have certain features.
Most organisms have characteristics.
Most organisms have cilia.
Most organisms have common characteristics.
Most organisms have common patterns.
Most organisms have complexity.
Most organisms have components.
Most organisms have constraints.
Most organisms have definite shapes.
Most organisms have differences.
Most organisms have different ecological roles.
Most organisms have different roles.
Most organisms have diploid stages.
Most organisms have dispersal capability.
Most organisms have distinct structures.
Most organisms have ecological roles.
Most organisms have effects.
Most organisms have exterior features.
Most organisms have features.
Most organisms have female organs.
Most organisms have female reproductive organs.
Most organisms have flat shapes.
Most organisms have general and special adaptations.
Most organisms have growth habits.
Most organisms have growth.
Most organisms have habits.
Most organisms have heads.
Most organisms have health.
Most organisms have indefinite growth.
Most organisms have levels.
Most organisms have life stages.
Most organisms have life.
Most organisms have light.
Most organisms have limits.
Most organisms have long necks.
Most organisms have low inertia.
Most organisms have low mortality.
Most organisms have low thermal inertia.
Most organisms have male organs.
Most organisms have male reproductive organs.
Most organisms have mandibles.
Most organisms have many chromosomes so there are many possible combinations.
Most organisms have many common characteristics.
Most organisms have membranes.
Most organisms have methods.
Most organisms have mortality.
Most organisms have multicellular stages.
Most organisms have multiple sets of chromosomes.
Most organisms have necks.
Most organisms have nuclear membranes.
Most organisms have nuclei.
Most organisms have nucleotides.
Most organisms have organs.
Most organisms have patterns.
Most organisms have phases.
Most organisms have phenotypes.
Most organisms have porous membranes.
Most organisms have proteins.
Most organisms have reproductive organs.
Most organisms have roles.
Most organisms have sex.
Most organisms have shapes.
Most organisms have similar appearances.
Most organisms have similar characteristics.
Most organisms have single nuclei.
Most organisms have stages.
Most organisms have structures.
Most organisms have symmetry.
Most organisms have tendencies.
Most organisms have thermal inertia.
Most organisms have thin membranes.
Most organisms have thousands of genes, and most remain unidentified.
Most organisms have tissue.
Most organisms have tolerance.
Most organisms have types.
Most organisms have vestigial organs.
Most organisms have weight.
Most organisms have wide breadth.
Most organisms increase cell density.
Most organisms increase density.
Most organisms infect large intestines.
Most organisms inhabit humid places.
Most organisms inhabit same regions.
Most organisms lead to conditions.
Most organisms live in aquatic environments.
Most organisms live in deep water.
Most organisms live in environments.
Most organisms live in extreme environments.
Most organisms live in fluctuate environments.
Most organisms live in hot water.
Most organisms live in humid environments.
Most organisms live in marine water.
Most organisms live in moist environments.
Most organisms live in oceans.
Most organisms live in open oceans.
Most organisms live in particular places.
Most organisms live in places.
Most organisms live in ponds.
Most organisms live in rivers.
Most organisms live in saltwater environments.
Most organisms live in same places.
Most organisms live in seawater.
Most organisms live in water.
Most organisms live in watery environments.
Most organisms live in zones.
Most organisms make life.
Most organisms make problems.
Most organisms now living are descendants of a few lines of early bacteria.
Most organisms obtain food.
Most organisms obtain nutrients.
Most organisms occur in aquatic environments.
Most organisms occur in areas.
Most organisms occur in environments.
Most organisms occur in habitats.
Most organisms occur in muddy areas.
Most organisms play decisive roles.
Most organisms play different roles.
Most organisms play essential roles.
Most organisms play important roles.
Most organisms play lesser roles.
Most organisms play roles.
Most organisms play valuable roles.
Most organisms play vital roles.
Most organisms possess cilia.
Most organisms produce acid.
Most organisms produce antibodies.
Most organisms produce biomass.
Most organisms produce carbon dioxide.
Most organisms produce dioxide.
Most organisms produce enzymes.
Most organisms produce numbers.
Most organisms produce organic acid.
Most organisms recognize that 'green' means hold off.
Most organisms remain fertile until the ends of their life spans.
Most organisms reproduce sexually.
Most organisms require matter.
Most organisms require water.
Most organisms share common attributes.
Most organisms share particular attributes.
Most organisms show development.
Most organisms show evidence.
Most organisms show exponential growth.
Most organisms show growth.
Most organisms show patterns.
Most organisms show responses.
Most organisms survive conditions.
Most organisms survive disasters.
Most organisms survive for months.
Most organisms survive for several weeks.
Most organisms survive for weeks.
Most organisms survive harsh climates.
Most organisms survive natural disasters.
Most organisms undergo diurnal migration.
Most organisms undergo evolution.
Most organisms undergo migration.
Most organisms undergo sexual reproduction.
Most organisms undergo transformation.
Most organisms use aerobic respiration.
Most organisms use asexual reproduction.
Most organisms use carbohydrates.
Most organisms use cellular respiration.
Most organisms use digestion.
Most organisms use extracellular digestion.
Most organisms use light.
Most organisms use methods.
Most organisms use organs.
Most organisms use oxygen for respiration.
Most organisms use oxygen to make from glucose.
Most organisms use red light.
Most organisms use reproduction.
Most organisms use respiration.
Most organisms use sexual reproduction.
Most organisms use some form of sexual reproduction based on meiosis.
Most organisms use sunlight.
Most organisms use visible light.
Some organism have two lives, a diploid and a haploid phase of their life cycle.
Some organism spend most of their time in the diploid phase and others in the haploid phase.
Some organisms affect energy.
Some organisms affect manatees.
Some organisms affect survival.
Some organisms also excrete gaseous waste through the respiratory system.
Some organisms also invest a great deal of energy in mate selection and nest preparation.
Some organisms also produce gas, carbon dioxide and hydrogen, as byproducts of fermentation.
Some organisms appear to be able to denitrify and remove phosphorus.
Some organisms are able to survive without oxygen in the human intestine.
Some organisms are adapted to digest different foods at different stages of life.
Some organisms are at different levels.
Some organisms are beyond saving because they can no longer reproduce in the wild.
Some organisms are burrowers to avoid drying out.
Some organisms are capable of asexual or sexual reproduction.
Some organisms are commercially important to people, such as fish or crabs.
Some organisms are harmful to plants and humans.
Some organisms are heterotrophic and thus unable to synthesize their own nutrients.
Some organisms are known as arthropods.
Some organisms are known as fish.
Some organisms are known as insects.
Some organisms are known as zooplankton.
Some organisms are located in animals.
Some organisms are located in dogs.
Some organisms are located in fish.
Some organisms are located in squirrels.
Some organisms are made of only one cell and are called unicellular organisms .
Some organisms are made up of just one cell are called uni cellular.
Some organisms are made up of millions of cells .
Some organisms are made up of millions of cells.
Some organisms are many celled and some are one celled.
Some organisms are mere sacs full of eggs.
Some organisms are more sensitive to changes in salt than others.
Some organisms are observed alive while others are dead and preserved in various ways.
Some organisms are one-celled organisms, like amoebas and bacteria.
Some organisms are parasites, others are predators, and yet others are symbionts.
Some organisms are sessile while others are free floating.
Some organisms are single cell.
Some organisms are strictly haploid.
Some organisms are unicellular while others are multicellular.
Some organisms are unicellular, such as bacteria, and others are multicellular such as animals.
Some organisms arrive on the snow through their association with animal excrement.
Some organisms assimilate ammonia by incorporation into amino acid glutamate .
Some organisms become adults.
Some organisms become mature adults.
Some organisms become pests.
Some organisms can change their color from drab to bright when threatened.
Some organisms can contaminate water sources, and become airborne through humidifiers.
Some organisms can either reproduce sexually or asexually .
Some organisms can either reproduce sexually or asexually.
Some organisms can even survive high doses of radiation.
Some organisms can even use mitosis to regenerate entire body parts.
Some organisms can exude extracellular enzymes that can act on the sequestered proteins.
Some organisms can infect cells and interfere with their normal activities and responses.
Some organisms can liquefy it by producing hyaluronidase.
Some organisms can metabolize glucose to acid only.
Some organisms can reach maturity and divide in just ten to thirty minutes.
Some organisms can regenerate body parts.
Some organisms can regenerate offspring from any part of their body.
Some organisms can reproduce both sexually and asexually .
Some organisms can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Some organisms can respire anaerobically when there is a lack of oxygen.
Some organisms can survive for long periods of time out of water.
Some organisms can survive in a wide range of conditions, and are more tolerant of pollution.
Some organisms can survive in environments only when their needs are met.
Some organisms can use both aerobic and anaerobic respiration.
Some organisms cause brain infection.
Some organisms cause cancer.
Some organisms cause cholera.
Some organisms cause damage.
Some organisms cause deadly diseases.
Some organisms cause death.
Some organisms cause deterioration.
Some organisms cause diarrhea.
Some organisms cause diseases.
Some organisms cause flu.
Some organisms cause gastroenteritis.
Some organisms cause giardiasises.
Some organisms cause human cancer.
Some organisms cause illnesses.
Some organisms cause immunity.
Some organisms cause infection.
Some organisms cause infectious diseases.
Some organisms cause malaria.
Some organisms cause pneumonia.
Some organisms cause respiratory diseases.
Some organisms cause ringworm.
Some organisms cause serious diseases.
Some organisms cause serious illnesses.
Some organisms cause systemic infection.
Some organisms cause virus diseases.
Some organisms change body temperature.
Some organisms change temperature.
Some organisms consist of a single cell and others are multicellular.
Some organisms consist of only a single cell, others have trillions.
Some organisms consist of only a single cell.
Some organisms consist of only one cell.
Some organisms consume dead plants.
Some organisms contain a single chromosome, and some contain multiple chromosomes.
Some organisms contain chlorophyll pigment.
Some organisms contain chlorophyll.
Some organisms contain chloroplasts.
Some organisms contain cytoplasm.
Some organisms contain isotopes.
Some organisms contain light isotopes.
Some organisms contain lipids.
Some organisms contain pigment.
Some organisms depend on behaviors to maintain homeostasis.
Some organisms depend on certain factors to trigger specific biological reactions e.g. spawning.
Some organisms depend on material from dead plants and animals for food.
Some organisms depend on other organisms to help digest their food.
Some organisms depend on the decaying litter from a tree for food.
Some organisms derive food.
Some organisms directly invade the normal kidney, leading to acute bacterial pyelonephritis.
Some organisms divide in a different way, with a single parent forming an outgrowth, or bud.
Some organisms do affect more than one species.
Some organisms do undergo chromosome diminution, but probably lose few if any coding sequences.
Some organisms eat animals.
Some organisms eat autotrophs.
Some organisms eat both plants and animals.
Some organisms eat herbivores.
Some organisms eat organic residues.
Some organisms eat other animals.
Some organisms eat phytoplankton.
Some organisms eat residues.
Some organisms eat shellfishes.
Some organisms eat small zooplankton.
Some organisms eat snails.
Some organisms eat snakes.
Some organisms eat zooplankton.
Some organisms emit light continuously.
Some organisms employ even more radical variants of photosynthesis.
Some organisms employ it for more than a single reason.
Some organisms enhance the growth of plants while others inhibit the growth of plants.
Some organisms extract water from the air, others get water from the oceans.
Some organisms feed at more than one trophic level.
Some organisms feed on herbivores.
Some organisms feed on predators.
Some organisms forgo the use of light for energy production entirely.
Some organisms get food.
Some organisms get nutrients.
Some organisms get their energy from the sun, some get energy from plants.
Some organisms go to greater lengths still to deal with nitrogen.
Some organisms grow fast, reproduce quickly, and have abundant offspring each reproductive cycle.
Some organisms grow underwater where light intensity and quality decrease and change with depth.
Some organisms have abundances.
Some organisms have acid.
Some organisms have amino acid.
Some organisms have areas.
Some organisms have attributes of both plants and animals.
Some organisms have best shoots.
Some organisms have brown fat.
Some organisms have buds.
Some organisms have cell walls.
Some organisms have characters.
Some organisms have chemical makeup.
Some organisms have chromosome numbers.
Some organisms have construction.
Some organisms have copies.
Some organisms have different geographic ranges.
Some organisms have distinct tropism.
Some organisms have ears.
Some organisms have endoderms.
Some organisms have energy.
Some organisms have exceptions.
Some organisms have exoskeletons.
Some organisms have external skeletons.
Some organisms have flagella.
Some organisms have flowers.
Some organisms have fundamental problems.
Some organisms have genetic potential.
Some organisms have geographic ranges.
Some organisms have hard outer skeletons.
Some organisms have homes.
Some organisms have ideal temperature ranges.
Some organisms have legs.
Some organisms have limit ranges.
Some organisms have locomotion.
Some organisms have majorities.
Some organisms have makeup.
Some organisms have materials.
Some organisms have metabolic pathways.
Some organisms have more genes than others, but all have some.
Some organisms have no oxygen-carrying respiratory pigments, some have one type, others more.
Some organisms have numbers.
Some organisms have only one cell, while more complicated organisms are made out of lots of cells.
Some organisms have only one cell.
Some organisms have organ tropism.
Some organisms have organelles.
Some organisms have outer skeletons.
Some organisms have ovaries.
Some organisms have pathways.
Some organisms have plants.
Some organisms have poisonous substances.
Some organisms have potential.
Some organisms have problems.
Some organisms have proboscises.
Some organisms have ranges.
Some organisms have same characters.
Some organisms have shells.
Some organisms have shoots.
Some organisms have similar metabolic pathways.
Some organisms have skeletons.
Some organisms have specific areas.
Some organisms have strategies.
Some organisms have structures or organs that seem to serve no useful function.
Some organisms have substances.
Some organisms have suckers.
Some organisms have tails.
Some organisms have teeth.
Some organisms have temperature ranges.
Some organisms have the potential to persist indefinitely in the human host.
Some organisms have tropism.
Some organisms have tubes.
Some organisms have unique body construction.
Some organisms have walls.
Some organisms have water.
Some organisms have wings.
Some organisms imitate the protective coloration of others.
Some organisms increase severity.
Some organisms infect animals.
Some organisms infect birds.
Some organisms infect deer.
Some organisms infect dogs.
Some organisms infect fish.
Some organisms infect humans.
Some organisms infect ileums.
Some organisms infect insects.
Some organisms infect livestock.
Some organisms infect mice.
Some organisms infect pups.
Some organisms infect terminal ileums.
Some organisms invade tissue.
Some organisms just die, apparently from some sort of metabolic disruption.
Some organisms just love sugar or other simple carbohydrates.
Some organisms kill fish.
Some organisms lack mouths.
Some organisms lead to cooperation.
Some organisms lead to infection.
Some organisms live as short as one day, while some plants and fungi can live thousands of years.
Some organisms live exclusively in the runnels, pools left by the receding tide.
Some organisms live in bays.
Some organisms live in constant contact in a colony, for example colonial corals.
Some organisms live in guts.
Some organisms live in habitats.
Some organisms live in intestines.
Some organisms live in lakes.
Some organisms live in neighbouring populations.
Some organisms live in saltwaters.
Some organisms live in shells.
Some organisms live in streams.
Some organisms live in substrate.
Some organisms live on herbivores.
Some organisms live on lice.
Some organisms live on the land, and some live in the water.
Some organisms live only in caves, where they can be located and characterized.
Some organisms live where the is no oxygen.
Some organisms living in Alaska have greater concerns with a lack of snow than trashed ski bottoms.
Some organisms look exactly like their parents, and others look very similar.
Some organisms make food.
Some organisms make nutrients.
Some organisms make organic nutrients.
Some organisms make own food.
Some organisms make sugar.
Some organisms make their own food and others consume other organisms for energy.
Some organisms make their own food.
Some organisms occur in abundances.
Some organisms occur in nature and are only considered pollutants when found in drinking water.
Some organisms perish.
Some organisms possess centrioles.
Some organisms possess cytoskeletons.
Some organisms possess gills.
Some organisms possess insects.
Some organisms possess nuclei.
Some organisms prey on or compete with disease-causing organisms.
Some organisms produce antimicrobial substances such as antibiotics.
Some organisms produce calcium carbonate shells.
Some organisms produce carbohydrates.
Some organisms produce certain compounds.
Some organisms produce chitin.
Some organisms produce cilia.
Some organisms produce complex compounds.
Some organisms produce complex organic compounds.
Some organisms produce compounds.
Some organisms produce different types of eggs that hatch on different cues.
Some organisms produce food and others serve as prey.
Some organisms produce gas by fermentation and the gas ruptures the agar.
Some organisms produce genetically similar offspring through asexual reproduction .
Some organisms produce methane.
Some organisms produce offspring by splitting into pieces.
Some organisms produce organic compounds.
Some organisms produce piluses.
Some organisms produce shells.
Some organisms produce their own sunblock.
Some organisms provide inspiration.
Some organisms relocate.
Some organisms rely on the presence of organisms of a different species.
Some organisms reproduce asexually and other organisms reproduce sexually.
Some organisms reproduce asexually.
Some organisms reproduce by only one type of reproduction and others can reproduce by both.
Some organisms reproduce sexually.
Some organisms require a specific habitat at a critical phase in their life.
Some organisms require specialized substrates.
Some organisms require substrate.
Some organisms respond by adapting.
Some organisms respond to a changing environment by moving to a new environment.
Some organisms seem more likely to live in one region or another.
Some organisms seem to accumulate zinc.
Some organisms seem to be potentially immortal.
Some organisms seem to prefer wood or other cellulosic substrates.
Some organisms share above examples.
Some organisms show direct development.
Some organisms show more plasticity than humans.
Some organisms show phylogeny.
Some organisms show types.
Some organisms simply match the backgrounds of their normal habitats.
Some organisms stay with a pressure gradient.
Some organisms survive and reproduce.
Some organisms survive extinction.
Some organisms survive for time.
Some organisms take refuge in remnant pools .
Some organisms threaten livestock.
Some organisms undergo binary fission.
Some organisms use a combination of strategies.
Some organisms use carbon dioxide.
Some organisms use chemical energy.
Some organisms use chemical reaction.
Some organisms use cilia.
Some organisms use energy.
Some organisms use genus.
Some organisms use inorganic compounds.
Some organisms use mitosis.
Some organisms use one type of gamete, and can self-fertilize.
Some organisms use photodamage to their advantage.
Some organisms use poison.
Some organisms use radiant energy.
Some organisms use reaction.
Some organisms use rolling as a means of locomotion.
Some organisms use solar energy.
Some organisms use types.
Most organismal biologists consider evolution to be a fact.
Organismal biology focuses on the tissues, organs, and organ systems of living organisms.
Organismal biology spans a wide variety of topics.
Organismal growth is a complex process that integrates a wide array of biological processes.
Organismic biology is the course upon which more advanced courses in biology are built.
Organismic biology is the course upon which more advanced courses in biology build.
Organist degree is awarded after four years study within the church music programme.
Organist sues vicar over right to 'live in sin'.
An organist is a musician
Organists are available at an additional fee.
Organists are limited to ten fingers and two feet.
Organists are musicians.
Organists are very, very busy with both hands and both feet at the same time.
Organists are welcome to practise on our pipe organ .
Organists can use our website to present their curriculum vitae.
Organists have few places to demonstrate their skills except in the church.
Organists seem just as likely to alienate song when performance is primary over prayer.
Every organist contributes a new sound or phrase to the art of playing jazz organ.
Most organists play in churches.
Organization behavior is made up of a series of task cycles that are repeated performances.
An organization chart is a chart
Organization chart has Links to sub-agencies.
Organization chart is effective for quickly describing a company's structure.
Organization charts are a kind of map that presumably intend to show reporting systems.
Organization charts are about as useful as the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Organization charts are charts.
Organization charts are current, complete, and readily available.
Organization charts are organizational charts.
Organization charts are useful for presenting the chain of responsibility in a program.
Organization charts are very important for future litigation.
Organization charts can now show or hide subordinate employees.
Organization charts can show or hide subordinate employees.
All organization charts are in gif image format .
Organization design is the creation of an organization's structure.
Organization design is the process of making choices.
Organization development encourages the extension of management knowledge and understanding.
Organization development is directed towards the future.
Organization of information continues at high cost.
Organization of information is a prerequisite for access to information.
Organization of information is easy to follow.
Organization of information is logical, but difficult to understand.
Organization structure is extremely important to a business.
Organization structure is the skeleton to company, the business plan is the nervous system.
Organization structure provides the environment through which info flows.
Organization structures are appropriate for achieving program goals.
Organization structures are dependent upon the employees whose activities they guide.
Organization theory can be dry unless it is made live-ly .
Organization theory has important applications in business.
Organization theory helps the public administrator solve everyday problems.
Organization theory helps the public adminstrator solve everyday problems.
Organization theory is a broad field with roots in sociology.
Organization theory is the cornerstone of public administration theory and practice.
An organization is a social group
Organization advocating rights of people with developmental or mental disabilities needs librarian.
Organization agrees to pay speaking fee, travel and lodging.
Organization aids comprehension and retention.
Organization allows for detailed view of work level and growth.
Organization Alphabetize the entries.
Organization also offers employment and internship opportunities.
Organization applies for certification by outside auditors.
Organization are often weak and of short duration.
Organization Be accurate.
Organization becomes the key.
Organization begins with data entry.
Organization brings structure, and structure brings order.
Organization builds partnerships for effective management and leadership for the local program.
Organization can also mean junking declarative sentences and offering just fragments.
Organization can be for dealers, collectors, operators and so on.
Organization can be the key to the outcome of a case.
Organization can be the key.
Organization can be the ultimate competitive advantage.
Organization can help keep stress at a manageable level.
Organization can list company's name if applicable or can be left blank.
Organization can make racing a whole lot simpler.
Organization can often cause a company's fall or rise in the world of business.
Organization can range anywhere from very loose to highly motivated.
Organization change around groupware technology.
Organization chart naming parent company and subsidiaries if any.
Organization closely follows that of the book.
Organization comes in three flavors on the web- manual, governed, and automatic.
Organization consists of five circles of training.
Organization creates the foundation for an effective volunteer-driven program.
Organization defends religious liberties, human life and the family in cases all across the country.
Organization depends on the issue 's complexity and the intended length of the event.
Organization determines the potential of the company.
Organization disappoints two hopes prosodists have entertained.
Organization does contribute to the final score.
Organization does history and genealogy work.
Organization emphasizes environmentalism and social change.
Organization encourages rewards.
Organization encourages the positive participation of fathers in their children's lives.
Organization enhances the central theme, sequencing is logical and transitions are smooth.
Organization entails modeling by way of standardization and rationalization.
Organization entails more than grouping and highlighting critical elements.
Organization expenses that can be amortized include the following.
Organization facilitates access and retrieval.
Organization fails to comply with applicable lobbying rules and limitations.
Organization fails to consider obvious and subtle unrelated business income tax issues.
Organization fails to maintain adequate books and records.
Organization favors rehabilitative facilities as an alternative to a punishment-oriented system.
Organization feels, organization reels.
Organization flows smoothly.
Organization focuses on learning about Texas natives, water-wise plants or garden plants.
Organization focuses on the modes of comedy, tragedy, fantasy, romance, and contemplation.
Organization follows a board approved annual budget.
Organization follows closely that of the book, which is by language.
Organization follows naturally from sound leadership and demands a practical, coherent approach.
Organization generally leads to clarity.
Organization gives writing a sense of purpose and structure.
Organization goes to the overlay organization of the packet.
Organization has a new chair, dean, etc.
Organization has an annual convention.
Organization has major faults.
Organization has many events in all facets of biking.
Organization has minor faults.
Organization has no further liability associated with terminating Volunteer.
Organization has outstanding reputation and services diverse healthcare organizations in the area.
Organization has some form of phone answering system in place.
Organization has to be more than just an impression.
Organization helps anyone keep their cool.
Organization helps everyone involved with the special education process.
Organization implies a relationship over time and space.
Organization includes appropriate planning and student assignments.
Organization includes dinner, desert and music.
Organization includes many Native attorneys.
Organization includes sequence, transitions, brevity, and lack of fluff.
Organization informs the public.
Organization is a big key.
Organization is a composite party.
Organization is a crucial ingredient in covering and dissecting a piece of water.
Organization is a duty laid upon the church in every locality.
Organization is a good thing.
Organization is a group of investors who meet to discuss the markets and invest as a group.
Organization is a group that exists and operates to achieve common objectives.
Organization is a key component of the whole process.
Organization is a key element.
Organization is a key factor in the success of a business.
Organization is a key factor.
Organization is a key ingredient in overcoming the issues.
Organization is a key ingredient of the class.
Organization is a key to having a successful year.
Organization is a key to success.
Organization is a little confusing.
Organization is a multi-agency entity encompassing both state and federal partners.
Organization is a necessary skill for being an effective teacher.
Organization is a necessity at any function where people are gathered.
Organization is a partitioning process.
Organization is a powerful aid to memory.
Organization is a secondary source of competitive advantage.
Organization is a sign of discipline and also emphasizes the value of practice time.
Organization is a skill that can be learned.
Organization is a slow process but the rewards are well worth the effort.
Organization is a strategic asset of a salesperson today.
Organization is a very important part of school success.
Organization is able to complete and manage the project.
Organization is about placing everyone on the same agenda.
Organization is acceptable, but slightly awry.
Organization is according to type of structure.
Organization is action given to events before they becomes a crisis.
Organization is active in the state association.
Organization is adequate and introduction needs more anticipation.
Organization is adequate.
Organization is again important and monetary gain is possible.
Organization is alphabetical, by title.
Organization is alphabetical.
Organization is also a concept used for retaining information in working memory.
Organization is also a key to spending time effectively.
Organization is also a skill necessary for success in the first years of teaching.
Organization is also crucial to students' understanding and integration of course material.
Organization is also important for helping guide investors.
Organization is also key.
Organization is always a challenge.
Organization is always a tricky issue for a tutorial.
Organization is always important and can be interesting and fun.
Organization is always subject to personal views.
Organization is an important consideration when constructing a web site.
Organization is another essential element for a successful student teaching experience.
Organization is another important consideration.
Organization is another major part of Cisco s management process.
Organization is another.
Organization is apparent to the reader.
Organization is as important as spontaneity.
Organization is based in Washington state.
Organization is based on terpenes and the necessary strucural modifications.
Organization is based on who, what, when, where, why, how.
Organization is based out of tasks performed and characteristics shared.
Organization is by account codes.
Organization is by author and topic.
Organization is by author, topic, or date of publication.
Organization is by broad subject.
Organization is by categories.
Organization is by chapter numbers.
Organization is by companies by industry.
Organization is by countries and topics in one alphabetic sequence.
Organization is by countries.
Organization is by location.
Organization is by months of the year, which juxtaposes various kinds of bears in various habitats.
Organization is by resumes and indexes.
Organization is by topic.
Organization is by type of content.
Organization is by year of publication and in the order of citation presented in the publications.
Organization is by year.
Organization is chronological, then alphabetical by city.
Organization is clear and aids in understanding main points.
Organization is clear and content is prioritized .
Organization is clear and logical, with helpful transitions.
Organization is clear but lacks prioritization.
Organization is clear enough to follow without difficulty.
Organization is clear from home page.
Organization is clear, although lacking the full clarity and tighten coherence of A work.
Organization is clear, reasoning is highly specific and appropriate.
Organization is coherent, logical and smooth.
Organization is concerned with individual events as well as debate.
Organization is concerned with preserving farmland from urban sprawl.
Organization is congregational.
Organization is controlled, and shows appropriateness to the material.
Organization is critical to research.
Organization is critical.
Organization is crucial.
Organization is currently inactive pending additional student interest.
Organization is defined as a registered corporation, sole proprietor, partnership or company.
Organization is definitely among the causes of the fiasco.
Organization is defunct.
Organization is derived from creating systems for every aspect of one s business.
Organization is derived from creating systems for every aspect of one's business.
Organization is derived from solid systems and procedures.
Organization is designed to take care of their needs.
Organization is devoted to the well being of the world's children.
Organization is easy to use and has a great list of online journals.
Organization is easy with the bachelor plan.
Organization is economical.
Organization is environmentally conscious.
Organization is essential for a parent.
Organization is essential for both the paper and the report.
Organization is essential to good writing.
Organization is essential.
Organization is everything.
Organization is excellent.
Organization is extremely important in the academic environment.
Organization is extremely important when getting srarted.
Organization is extremely important.
Organization is featured.
Organization is financially stable enough to be contemplating a facilities project.
Organization is formed.
Organization is generally clear.
Organization is generally satisfactory.
Organization is generally smooth, logical and purposeful but has occasional inconsistencies.
Organization is generally up to each individual.
Organization is geographic.
Organization is good for the environment.
Organization is good, but the navigation is weak as is the design.
Organization is good.
Organization is half the battle to studying.
Organization is haphazard and disjointed.
Organization is haphazard, and the backgrounds sometimes make the text hard to read.
Organization is hierarchical.
Organization is Hierarchical.
Organization is how Cisco has been able to remain a competitive company.
Organization is important as well.
Organization is important in resume format.
Organization is important.
Organization is in place.
Organization is incorporated under Iowa law.
Organization is incredibly important.
Organization is inherent in the word.
Organization is just as important to Web site creation.
Organization is just common sense, thinking through steps.
Organization is key in science.
Organization is key to exploration-oriented instructional programs.
Organization is key to winning in the Iowa caucuses.
Organization is key with so many handouts.
Organization is key.
Organization is loose, but covers a wide cross section of interests and skills.
Organization is mandatory and payroll is a required component for payment purposes.
Organization is minimal and idea development lacks logic and coherence.
Organization is minimal.
Organization is much improved and the bizarre advice seems to have disappeared.
Organization is necessary as well as 'inspiration'.
Organization is necessary for learning.
Organization is necessary in all things.
Organization is needed for successful lawn establishment.
Organization is neither clear nor effective.
Organization is non-profit, specializing in capital representation.
Organization is non-profit.
Organization is obscure, possibly affiliated with other Greek terrorist groups.
Organization is often a problem.
Organization is one dimension of family health.
Organization is one of our strongest assets.
Organization is one of the greatest facts of contemporary life.
Organization is one of the most important factors of a successful school year.
Organization is one of the most important parts of good writing.
Organization is one of the problems of small downtowns.
Organization is one thing, pastoral practice quite another.
Organization is only a call away.
Organization is open to all students.
Organization is optional, but is a good idea to complete.
Organization is optional.
Organization Is orderly, logical, and plans well.
Organization is our strongest weapon.
Organization is out, clutter is in.
Organization is over-rated.
Organization is paramount.
Organization is partly in the eye of the beholder.
Organization is perceived as an open system that requires constant interaction with environment.
Organization is poor.
Organization is positive.
Organization is Power.
Organization is present but is neither clear nor effective.
Organization is present but understood by the reader.
Organization is presented in a sequential, logical order and enhances the subject material.
Organization is probably the most essential key in household management.
Organization is rather confusing.
Organization is reasonable and each point leads to the next.
Organization is responsible for cost of printing.
Organization Is simple , rather than complex - flexible, rather than rigid.
Organization is simple.
Organization is smooth, logical and purposeful.
Organization is so easy.
Organization is so excellent as to be unnoticed.
Organization is sometimes the key to winning or losing a campaign race.
Organization is sound, and there are no major weaknesses in the argument.
Organization is still small enough to get the word out, but is growing in size.
Organization is straightforward and uncluttered.
Organization is stressed to insure maximum efficiency and profitability.
Organization is suspect.
Organization is that of an arbitrary graph .
Organization is the biggest flaw.
Organization is the coordination of individuals in the furtherance of a common goal.
Organization is the essence of any business.
Organization is the first part of the technology of war.
Organization is the key . .
Organization is the key characteristic of a database.
Organization is the key component in running the auction.
Organization is the key element in good practice management.
Organization is the key factor.
Organization is the key for success.
Organization is The Key Plan the year in advance.
Organization is the key to a good resources page.
Organization is the key to a good, coherent paper.
Organization is the key to a less stressful, financially better, and all around easier life.
Organization is the key to a successful outing.
Organization is the key to a successful web site.
Organization is the key to an easily navigated site.
Organization is the key to any cooking adventure, and each recipe places everything in one spot.
Organization is the key to being effective.
Organization is the key to creative accessorizing.
Organization is the key to effective action.
Organization is the key to effective listening and remembering.
Organization is the key to everything.
Organization is the key to financial success.
Organization is the key to getting homework done on time.
Organization is the key to getting things done.
Organization is the key to good note-taking.
Organization is the key to keeping accurate records.
Organization is the key to sensational ice cream desserts.
Organization is the key to success for any party.
Organization is the key to success in any military campaign.
Organization is the key to success.
Organization is the key.
Organization is the least appreciated discipline to be applied by the designer.
Organization is the main factor in time management.
Organization is the mark of a professional.
Organization is the most important thing as a head coach.
Organization is the name of the game.
Organization is the natural state, and disorganization is pathological.
Organization is the next area of concern.
Organization is the next step.
Organization is the only way to get everything done in a timely and effective fashion.
Organization is the operational concept behind library classification systems.
Organization is the power of the day.
Organization is the process of clearing clutter.
Organization is the real key.
Organization is the second element of lecture preparation.
Organization is the solution.
Organization is the survival skill of the millennium.
Organization is the way content is grouped into coherent units.
Organization is the way pages are arranged on a particular site.
Organization is thus a technique.
Organization is topical and chronological.
Organization is topical.
Organization is topographic.
Organization is tricky.
Organization is unified and coherent.
Organization is unnecessary.
Organization is used mainly for businesses.
Organization is very benificial.
Organization is very important to a garage sale hunter.
Organization is very important to maintain a productive classroom.
Organization is very important.
Organization is visible in the navigation bar.
Organization is vital to the effectiveness and success of the ceremony.
Organization is vital to the success of the program.
Organization is vital, but so are names and a strong teacher-delivered curriculum.
Organization is well underway, but help is needed.
Organization is what counts in the catering business.
Organization isa social group.
Organization kills creativity.
Organization leave blank.
Organization lists on selected topics.
Organization Make a list of all local media outlets, both mainstream and alternative.
Organization makes life flow along more smoothly.
Organization makes the learning process enjoyable for all.
Organization makes things easier.
Organization means having the right equipment.
Organization means more deductions.
Organization means rightly assigning work and responsibility.
Organization means that the parts of the essay are clearly demarcated and logically connected.
Organization needs a little work.
Organization needs to help in the management of stress too.
Organization occurs when enformy conforms elements of a gestalt to enformation.
Organization offers flex time and casual dress code.
Organization offers information and referral packages for parents and educators.
Organization offers tips and support to assist with fundraising.
Organization offers training programs and assistance in starting clubs.
Organization operates a hotline for child abuse and neglect.
Organization owns and protects land.
Organization owns and protects the land.
Organization owns the training and they see to our care and feeding.
Organization pays So organization pays.
Organization plays a very, very large part in making a game .
Organization plays an important role in helping to clarify material.
Organization promotes altruistic and educational projects and activities.
Organization promotes public education, research, rehabilitation and support services.
Organization proves to be the death of the organism.
Organization provides a structure so return is maximized.
Organization provides a transparent authority and reporting mechanism.
Organization provides credit and support services.
Organization provides financial assistance for problems related to speech and hearing.
Organization provides leadership on major education issues.
Organization provides meals, food boxes, clothing and medical care to homeless and needy.
Organization provides on request an annual report.
Organization providing health services have heterogeneous structures.
Organization reaches beyond cleaning up the physical clutter and into the realm of family teamwork.
Organization receives feedback information which leads to organizational improvement.
Organization reflects comprehensive view of the local advertising scene.
Organization remains in good financial standing.
Organization remains the key when dealing with respiratory compromise in the newborn.
Organization represents U.S. particleboard manufacturers.
Organization requires a continuous investment of energy.
Organization requires discipline.
Organization Saves money on development and maintenance.
Organization See how our company is organized.
Organization seeks a business journalist with two-five years' business and finance experience.
Organization seems haphazard.
Organization seems somewhat more ambiguous in context.
Organization seems to be an ongoing process.
Organization serves a practical purpose.
Organization serves Alaska, British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, and Idaho.
Organization serves five apartment sites.
Organization serves some type of common good.
Organization serves the needs of disabled persons.
Organization sets the basis on which resources are allocated and information flows.
Organization showcases classic automobiles.
Organization Shows little or no evidence of purposeful organization.
Organization skills a plus.
Organization skills to coordinate events.
Organization sponsors an annual single mother's conference in Salt Lake City.
Organization starts on shore.
Organization still uses the food pyramid and offers the following recommended servings.
Organization strives to teach children and teens how to create web pages.
Organization suffers from fragmentation of the discussion between main text and footnotes.
Organization supports law librarians.
Organization supports the monitoring of quality in managed care.
Organization takes full responsibility and asks forgiveness.
Organization takes time but pays off.
Organization use a firewall to help protect the network.
Organization Use familiar phrases to produce a sequence of information on familiar topics.
Organization Use simple sentences to produce main ideas and basic concepts.
Organization varies according to scale.
Organization Write modular code.
Organizations accumulate massive amounts of information within their collaborative solutions.
Organizations achieve quality by effective goal setting procedures.
Organizations achieve significant savings in training, support and software costs.
Organizations achieving an eligible score then receive a site visit.
Organizations add bandwidth but can t meet demand.
Organizations admit they are convinced of the importance of work-life issues.
Organizations adopt a budget that allows for adequate postage and telephone expenses.
Organizations adopt alternative reward systems to increase domestic and international competition.
Organizations adopt methodologies.
Organizations adopt project management methodologies.
Organizations adopt protocols.
Organizations adopt technology.
Organizations adopt their actions to patterns by following decision rules.
Organizations affiliated with the university provide opportunities for student research.
Organizations agree to complete an evaluation of each student at least once a semester.
Organizations agree to some level of funding of the process.
Organizations also are welcome to nominate individuals.
Organizations also can extend the data model into custom-engineered applications.
Organizations also face the significant challenge of continuing to evolve their e-businesses.
Organizations also form around shared interests.
Organizations also get the chance to recruit new members.
Organizations also have access to a computer, copier and fax machine.
Organizations also have an opportunity to pre-view potential employees.
Organizations also have goals for learning.
Organizations also have knowledge gaps.
Organizations also have other responsibilities beyond processing student inquires.
Organizations also have other responsibilities beyond processing student inquiries.
Organizations also have substantial needs to lease equipment.
Organizations also offer wonderful gift ideas, including adopting a sea turtle or manatee.
Organizations also provide Internet access to many employees as a necessary component of their jobs.
Organizations also reap the benefits of posting virtual volunteering opportunities on our web site.
Organizations also receive advisement when planning any major events or programs.
Organizations also require model releases for any individuals pictured on their site.
Organizations also respond to external demand for effective performance.
Organizations also use it as part of their products to generate print data.
Organizations -An alphabetical roster of groups.
Organizations annually visit the employment office seeking education graduates.
Organizations applying for grants are generally libraries, day care centers, etc.
Organizations applying for grants have to act quickly.
Organizations approach the library for assistance.
Organizations are a different breed.
Organizations are a little like snowflakes.
Organizations are a series of complex, interrelated systems and processes.
Organizations are a struggle of pre-mod, mod, and postmod discourse.
Organizations are able to flatten their structure and to reduce expenses.
Organizations are able to use the calendar to market their events.
Organizations are about people.
Organizations are activities.
Organizations are administration.
Organizations are also a good way to get pointers and tips.
Organizations are also able to post opportunities.
Organizations are also free to supply their own instructors if so desired.
Organizations are also welcome to nominate themselves.
Organizations are artifacts of a larger society .
Organizations are artifacts of a larger society.
Organizations are big systems made up of little systems.
Organizations are both destabilizing and community seeking.
Organizations are complex adaptive systems, they have to react to environment and change.
Organizations are complex networks of people and systems.
Organizations are complex, living, breathing entities.
Organizations are complex, people are complex, and change is complex.
Organizations are concerned with more than regulatory compliance.
Organizations are creations of member states.
Organizations are dependent on systems which are neither reliable, nor correct.
Organizations are dependent on using computers and technology effectively and efficiently.
Organizations are different from one another.
Organizations are disposals.
Organizations are dynamic and complex social systems formed to accomplish goals.
Organizations are dynamic and their people, software, and networks all constantly change.
Organizations are dynamic entities.
Organizations are dynamic, even in the negative.
Organizations are eligible for funding once every other year.
Organizations are eligible for funding once per academic year.
Organizations are eligible to apply to more than one grant program in the same year.
Organizations are entities both of human drive and of human intellect.
Organizations are especially vulnerable to that kind of complacency.
Organizations are essential to the way our society operates and permeate and shapes our lives.
Organizations are extracurricular activities.
Organizations are flatter and more flexible.
Organizations are flatter and more team-based, with fewer managerial positions.
Organizations are flatter now, and everybody has to assume more responsibility and accountability.
Organizations are for identification only.
Organizations are free to distribute their own petitions.
Organizations are free to establish their own record keeping systems.
Organizations are free to post questions, ideas, publications, volunteer opportunities, etc.
Organizations are free to reapply at the next membership committee meeting.
Organizations are free to take action according their own criteria, statutes or goals.
Organizations are frequently insensitive to how workers feel and react.
Organizations are generally purposeful in narrow ways.
Organizations are generally reluctant to hold people accountable because of a desire for comfort.
Organizations are good things.
Organizations are groups of people who work together to accomplish common goals.
Organizations are groups of people, with ideas and resources, working toward common goals.
Organizations are hierarchical.
Organizations are immortal and can continue forever, whereas, humans are mortal.
Organizations are important, but people are our foundation.
Organizations are in a bit of a pickle, because they pretty much have to undertake the repairs.
Organizations are in a constant process of change and adaptation.
Organizations are in danger of doing just that with their approach to e-business.
Organizations are in part held together by a normative glue that is called culture.
Organizations are in the midst of chaos.
Organizations are in the USA, unless otherwise stated.
Organizations are interfaces to bring knowledge and resources to achieve goals.
Organizations are lean and nimble and want employees who reflect that attitude.
Organizations are less likely to lose their tax-exempt status under the new rules .
Organizations are like families in almost every way.
Organizations are like living organisms.
Organizations are like people.
Organizations are like that.
Organizations are likely to use only some of the elements suggested.
Organizations are likely to value less and consequently use less well largely free labor.
Organizations are limited to one banner per event.
Organizations are limited to one grant per calendar year.
Organizations are living systems.
Organizations are lucky if nothing falls through the cracks.
Organizations are machines.
Organizations are made of people.
Organizations are means of control, power, and enforced discipline.
Organizations are more appealing to potential funders.
Organizations are more productive when people do their jobs effectively.
Organizations are most effective when they are filled with effective individuals and teams.
Organizations are mutually disjoint with people.
Organizations are no longer to request specific grant amounts.
Organizations are now able to contribute information via the internet.
Organizations are often very frustrating and puzzling places.
Organizations are often very puzzling places.
Organizations are on their way to be formed in Japan and Australia .
Organizations are only as good as their members.
Organizations are only people coming together for some purpose.
Organizations are open systems.
Organizations are open to all students.
Organizations are open to any one of any race, gender or sexual preference.
Organizations are open to any student, though some are honorary.
Organizations are organic systems.
Organizations are part of the created world.
Organizations are people.
Organizations are perhaps the easiest way for students to meet others with similar interests.
Organizations are permanent, or at least intended to survive beyond a single project.
Organizations are putting a tremendous focus on making use of customer data, analysts say.
Organizations are ready to invest in customer service, since it's the last area of differentiation.
Organizations are responsible for actions of their members and guests at any function.
Organizations are responsible for covering all costs associated with subcommittee activities.
Organizations are responsible for leaving all facilities they use in a neat and orderly condition.
Organizations are responsible for paying for the daily rental fee as well as mileage.
Organizations are responsible for putting up and taking down their banners.
Organizations are responsible for removing banners on the expiration date.
Organizations are responsible for supervising their own activities, including clean up.
Organizations are responsible for the costs of photocopy services.
Organizations are responsible for the evaluation of the candidates.
Organizations are responsible for their members' and guests' behavior.
Organizations are responsible for their own supplies.
Organizations are responsible for web site design.
Organizations are responsible to provide meeting room facilities.
Organizations are rich with stories of winners, losers, successes, and failures.
Organizations are social groups.
Organizations are social structures that act in many ways like organisms.
Organizations are social systems, which consist on interacting with another.
Organizations are sometimes able to sue on behalf of their members.
Organizations are still completely responsible when handling customer property.
Organizations are streamlined to eliminate unnecessary headquarters staff.
Organizations are structures.
Organizations are susceptible to failure or corruption of critical data by mechanical errors.
Organizations are systems within systems.
Organizations are systems, and they are subject to the principles of systems.
Organizations are systems.
Organizations are the same.
Organizations are the structures which people create to solve the problems.
Organizations are the target of an organizational project management maturity model.
Organizations are their to assist the students and faculty with any problem or issue.
Organizations are to keep receipts for moneys expended and issue receipts for moneys collected.
Organizations are too big and there are too many people.
Organizations are too numerous to mention here.
Organizations are transparent with their budgets, including resources, needs and expenses.
Organizations are treatments.
Organizations are understandably concerned with the legality and ethics of any test used.
Organizations are unlikely to be able to keep every single back up made.
Organizations are unlikely to maintain separate networks for foreign and domestic business.
Organizations are webs of participation.
Organizations are welcome to post their conferences directly on our site.
Organizations are welcome.
Organizations are willing to take risks.
Organizations assume many different forms that challenge management's capacity to cope.
Organizations attract and retain sponsors.
Organizations award higher wages to individuals based on the amount of experience.
Organizations bear the responsibility for the materials they sponsor for display on campus.
Organizations become less chaotic balancing common sense with a systemic approach to doing business.
Organizations become more connected and responsive to youth in the community.
Organizations become more powerful with each new member.
Organizations become stuck in the same way as individuals but are more visible.
Organizations behave the way they are structured and rewarded to behave.
Organizations benefit all the way to the bottom line.
Organizations benefit by the alignment of leadership and team behaviors with organizational goals.
Organizations benefit from employee feedback and ideas.
Organizations benefit from internships as well.
Organizations benefit from their employees' personal and professional networks as well.
Organizations benefit in two key ways.
Organizations benefit when members take leadership training.
Organizations benefiting children and the hungry get special attention from the public.
Organizations benefiting from consultation and training services also provide support.
Organizations benefitting children and the hungry get special attention from the public.
Organizations bring out the worst in people.
Organizations call looking for people to hire.
Organizations call meetings for lots of different reasons.
Organizations can accumulate and manage knowledge as well.
Organizations can acquire information rapidly, enabling individuals to make better decisions.
Organizations can allow people on the front lines to use information to serve customers quickly.
Organizations can also buy airtime from local media outlets for coverage.
Organizations can also contribute in-kind donations to a program or a cause.
Organizations can also define vendor-specific and custom options as needed.
Organizations can also find potential volunteers by clicking above.
Organizations can also find researched-based quality improvement materials.
Organizations can also have some discretion for allocating costs in gray areas.
Organizations can also leverage existing staff expertise more effectively.
Organizations can also list up and coming events on the site.
Organizations can also look at qualitative factors like candidates experiences with the company.
Organizations can also plan activities surrounding any of the many theme weeks throughout the year.
Organizations can also provide an environment for trust and learning.
Organizations can also rent space and book functions , using school facilities.
Organizations can also sponsor a meal at the event.
Organizations can also sponsor the training of a candidate.
Organizations can also take advantage of advanced network capabilities such as multimedia.
Organizations can also take advantage of community tools such as message boards and chat rooms.
Organizations can also use the site to post volunteer opportunities.
Organizations can also use token participation as a means of co-optation or manipulation.
Organizations can also work together to defray the cost of events and other expenses.
Organizations can always ask a SOAC member to look at the application before hand.
Organizations can analyze their workforce through a wide variety of information sources.
Organizations can apply access policies to both Internet sites and usenet newsgroups.
Organizations can apply for awards at three levels - commitment, achievement, and excellence.
Organizations can arrange for appraisal programs.
Organizations can automatically notify authors via email when papers have been accepted or rejected.
Organizations can be activity traps.
Organizations CAN be authors.
Organizations can be ethical and successful, emotional and rational, and orderly and creative.
Organizations can be good, but biases are more inherent.
Organizations can be more productive through the use of information technology.
Organizations can be most effective when people have access to neccessary resources.
Organizations can be neurotic too.
Organizations can be proactive rather than be at the mercy of their environment.
Organizations can be slow to perceive changes.
Organizations can become members of the coalition.
Organizations can begin participating at any time throughout the year.
Organizations can benefit by assisting employees in career assessment.
Organizations can benefit from a number of opportunities by gaining a Internet presence.
Organizations can benefit from experiences, insights, approaches, and values of diverse populations.
Organizations can centrally manage globally distributed business processes.
Organizations can choose from canoeing, hiking, climbing, and caving trips, either day or overnight.
Organizations can choose the communications combination with the best fit for their requirements.
Organizations can choose the technologies and tools that best meet the needs of the users.
Organizations can come together to create a lasting collection and raise money.
Organizations can configure arrays of proxies for better scalability and reliability.
Organizations can contact our educational director for more information about schedules.
Organizations can control the age of information and the proximity of that information to consumers.
Organizations can count on a protracted struggle to retain their star performers.
Organizations can create specialized portals that include unique but easily managed applications.
Organizations can create VPNs that are highly secure, standards-based and transparent to end users.
Organizations can define preferred project models which include default documents and links.
Organizations can develop unspoken dress codes.
Organizations can distribute their investment and lower costs per seat.
Organizations can do both by extending communities.
Organizations can donate labor and funds.
Organizations can drive themselves into bankruptcy by focusing too much on productivity.
Organizations can easily become overwhelmed with assessments, audits, and other related events.
Organizations can either continue to buy stand-alone drives.
Organizations can endorse and get invovled in the Women's Impact Statement Project.
Organizations can enhance their business opportunities with the public.
Organizations can ensure legal compliance via a centralized software procurement method.
Organizations can expect to pay less for the tape drives and libraries they are buying.
Organizations can expect to receive prompt replies to their correspondence.
Organizations can explore having the equipment donated.
Organizations can extend their work through the efforts of volunteers.
Organizations can facilitate the career planning of their employees.
Organizations can feel less isolated and learn from each other.
Organizations can find out about becoming hosts.
Organizations can follow a similar process.
Organizations can formally create distributed teams and projects.
Organizations can gain exposure for their group, helping to raise much needed funds.
Organizations can gain exposure for their group, leading to the raising of much needed funds.
Organizations can gain the competitive edge by improving jobs performed by lots of people.
Organizations can get help developing or evaluating their own educational programs.
Organizations can go together and share a room for presentations.
Organizations can have high levels of teamwork and no teams.
Organizations can have multiple users.
Organizations can have the aim and the purpose of supporting participants in a conspiracy.
Organizations can have their upcoming events listed by completing the online submission form .
Organizations can help by starting with top-down change.
Organizations can help combat burnout by providing good working conditions.
Organizations can identify specific training programs to meet specific needs.
Organizations can improve productivity by looking at both people and production variables.
Organizations can improve their donations.
Organizations can inform and educate their own members.
Organizations can install the new system based on their own time schedule, resources, and priority.
Organizations can join as full members, observers or public entities.
Organizations can join the service at any time.
Organizations can join together to develop contracts to purchase recycled products.
Organizations can keep track of their mobile assets no matter where they are.
Organizations can learn to mainstream adaptability and creativity by doing two things.
Organizations can leverage the volume market power of the global Internet for reduced costs.
Organizations can list volunteer positions.
Organizations can lobby against tyrannical laws.
Organizations can make an appointment to visit with a small group of adult learners.
Organizations can manage conflict in more productive ways.
Organizations can manage their content from any computer that is connected to the Internet.
Organizations can manage their own electronic mail traffic.
Organizations can never have too much information about their customers, markets, or products.
Organizations can no longer afford the luxury of small pilots.
Organizations can no longer afford to exist in splendid isolation.
Organizations can no longer expect a redesign effort, however successful, to secure their futures.
Organizations can no longer take years to design and develop all-inclusive applications.
Organizations can now access application forms online.
Organizations can now be very flat, since information is much more freely available.
Organizations can now control and budget their purchases over the term of a licensing agreement.
Organizations can now deploy resources and operations around the world.
Organizations can observe how tax dollars prepare students for the future.
Organizations can only receive points for one team per sport.
Organizations can order larger quantities of the guidebooks for a nominal fee.
Organizations can participate in a number of ways.
Organizations can pick any number of topics from the list for in-house delivery.
Organizations can place simple vacancy notices here free of charge.
Organizations can post as many ads as they wish.
Organizations can post volunteer needs, and individuals or groups can search for opportunities.
Organizations can practice on a test system of data while learning how to use the system.
Organizations can provide valuable information on specific diseases.
Organizations can purchase memberships for individuals within their organizations.
Organizations can purchase the book at reduced cost to use for fundraising.
Organizations can qualify for FREE web hosting space and reduced rates for dial up access.
Organizations can realize vast savings in data entry time and turn around times.
Organizations can register immediately online.
Organizations can replicate data in real-time, transmitting changes to databases as they occur.
Organizations can request for an increase in the amount of a stipend only for the next budget year.
Organizations can reserve meeting rooms at no cost.
Organizations can retain knowledge in different ways.
Organizations can rise only to the limits of their people's capacities, skills and motivations.
Organizations can rise or fall on the quality of the people they employ.
Organizations can schedule group experiences over several days.
Organizations can select both the topic and the time for viewing.
Organizations can select from a wide array of data scrubbing tools.
Organizations can set up booths for fundraising, to give stuff away or sell food.
Organizations can set up tables for promotion or fund raising.
Organizations can share business data, catalogs, or mail messages.
Organizations can sign on at anytime.
Organizations can sign up too.
Organizations can simply add users as needed.
Organizations can sponsor discussion opportunities.
Organizations can standardize on a set of tags.
Organizations can stop overpayments before claims are paid and significantly minimize costs.
Organizations can submit and update their own listings.
Organizations can submit events, meetings, letters etc.
Organizations can submit only one application for project support in one of the four themes.
Organizations can tailor metadata so it is meaningful to their particular business needs.
Organizations can take advantage of the service that best meets their employment needs.
Organizations can tap knowledge resources and involve skilled people from all around the globe.
Organizations can tap knowledge resources from all around the globe.
Organizations can then continue to request space for events as they arise.
Organizations can then extend that information, annotate it and index it instantly.
Organizations can then make more informed decisions when planning for software migration projects.
Organizations can thus redeploy legacy applications as thin-client solutions without green screens.
Organizations can turn Internet into same as PCS - generate red tape faster.
Organizations can update time-sensitive information once on the central server.
Organizations can use control charts to manage costs and expenses.
Organizations can use database gateways, which provide real-time access to data for ad hoc queries.
Organizations can use focus groups again to get feedback on specific issues or recommendations.
Organizations can use job-search sites to post openings and scan resumes for job candidates.
Organizations can use similar mechanisms to ensure pushed material meets certain guidelines.
Organizations can use the Internet to gather research about competitors.
Organizations can use the same drive for backup storage, for playing CDs and for playing DVDs.
Organizations can use the same principle to increase their effectiveness.
Organizations can use the self-serve setup of the call for papers from a standard web browser.
Organizations can use XML to ease the exchange of information between disparate applications.
Organizations can, however, use the Internet to enhance classroom training.
Organizations certainly have needs.
Organizations change most by surviving calamities.
Organizations change names, or the names of their publications.
Organizations change, and technology changes peoples' tasks.
Organizations choose inexpensive and easy to set up systems.
Organizations choose to develop cultures that truly motivate people and inspire excellence.
Organizations choose whether to participate in accreditation programs.
Organizations claim that their most valuable assets walk out the door at the end of each day.
Organizations collect and store an astonishing amount of information.
Organizations collect, process and consolidate information without any manual data entry.
Organizations collect, use and define information differently.
Organizations come and go, but movements outlast organizations.
Organizations come and go.
Organizations come in all shapes and sizes and so do Buy Recycled programs.
Organizations come in all sizes and shapes.
Organizations communicate about their business goals.
Organizations compete for scarce resources on the basis of their budget.
Organizations comprise of individual members.
Organizations comprise of members.
Organizations conducting stability and support operations today face a changed threat.
Organizations considerate enough to open their doors to student trainees have regular jobs to do.
Organizations constantly strive to reconnect with their customers to build personal relationships.
Organizations continue to demand streamlined, automated solutions to formerly manual tasks.
Organizations continue to downsize.
Organizations continue to expand their operations in the global marketplace.
Organizations continue to play an important role.
Organizations convey something about themselves in their selection of frontline staff.
Organizations Covers principles and practices of government fund accounting.
Organizations create a sustainable future and achieve unprecedented results.
Organizations create new research assistance programs every year.
Organizations create services, products and advertising with their audience in mind.
Organizations create values.
Organizations create workplaces.
Organizations currently have the opportunity to pay back taxes all the way up to the hearing date.
Organizations currently provide detailed information on the proper use of condoms.
Organizations currently strive to create information-age learners with limited finances.
Organizations deal with issues.
Organizations dedicate to development.
Organizations dedicate to principles.
Organizations dedicated to assisting lower-income families are particularly enthusiastic.
Organizations define topics and paper types to which authors can submit.
Organizations demand that everyone abide by set rules.
Organizations depend on their managers to provide the direction necessary to survive and prosper.
Organizations depend upon citizens for input and support.
Organizations depend upon their customers.
Organizations depend upon their managers to provide direction.
Organizations deploying applications want assurances of uptime and availability.
Organizations desire employees who have a profound grasp on their functional areas of expertise.
Organizations develop a cultural pattern.
Organizations develop infrastructures.
Organizations develop pictures.
Organizations develop recommendations.
Organizations develop strategic plans and goals for the future.
Organizations differ and their priorities change over time.
Organizations differ greatly in size, function, and makeup.
Organizations differ greatly in their composition and nature, of course.
Organizations do take steps to improve their procedures.
Organizations do the same thing by focusing exclusively on quality.
Organizations do well to make leaving a natural part of organizational life.
Organizations donating the computers are enthusiastic about the program.
Organizations Draw a table of organization for the site.
Organizations eliminating appraisal create separate systems for pay increases.
Organizations employ a common set of approaches for pursuing diversity.
Organizations engage in strategic planning for many reasons.
Organizations enter decline phases.
Organizations enter phases.
Organizations establish and write down organization guidelines.
Organizations estimate cost.
Organizations everywhere are interested in the outcomes of programs that they sponsor and run.
Organizations evolve and adapt to their environment, or cease to be.
Organizations evolve one person at a time.
Organizations execute the planned improvements during the acting phase.
Organizations exist at the state, regional and national level to improve scholastic journalism.
Organizations exist for the purpose of issuing licenses to perform.
Organizations exist in different forms and are known by the nature of the services they provide.
Organizations exist to encourage new and fledgling investment clubs.
Organizations exist to help children living in orphanages around the world.
Organizations exist to help guide the way.
Organizations exist to maintain themselves, after all.
Organizations exist to provide help and advice for sufferers and their families.
Organizations exist to serve customers, and they do so when they provide the customers with value.
Organizations exist to serve customers.
Organizations exist which can provide counseling and guidance for terminally ill patients.
Organizations exist within organizations.
Organizations expect products to be tailored to exacting technical standards.
Organizations expect their systems to be easy to use, easy to manage, robust, reliable and scalable.
Organizations explore business concepts, opportunities.
Organizations expressing an interest receive a complete explanation of the program.
Organizations face change every day.
Organizations face increasingly complex socio-economic and environmental issues.
Organizations face the reverse.
Organizations fail because managers fail.
Organizations fail in many ways.
Organizations fail to anticipate a high rate of learning.
Organizations fail to recognize the asset that people are.
Organizations fall behind when they stand still.
Organizations feel overwhelmed and overloaded.
Organizations Find out about our church organizations.
Organizations Find out more about organ organizations and other related connections.
Organizations Find people.
Organizations Find professional organisations, university colleges, and special interest groups.
Organizations find the Web invaluable in providing information about their services and products.
Organizations focus on address environmental issues.
Organizations focus on address issues.
Organizations focus on environmental issues.
Organizations focus on goals.
Organizations focus on growth.
Organizations focus on issues.
Organizations fostering a passionate environment produce superior performance.
Organizations function as goal-seeking systems.
Organizations function better when different people do different tasks.
Organizations function effectively when people work together for common goals.
Organizations function within a certain societal framework.
Organizations generally ask students to commit six to ten or more weeks as summer interns.
Organizations generally make competitive information available to a select company audience.
Organizations generally move through four phases in addressing conflict.
Organizations generally prefer to register under .org.
Organizations generally tend to pursue objectives of one type or another.
Organizations Generate member revenues with our special program subscription savings.
Organizations get funding, and the community gets awareness.
Organizations Get involved or just read about the latest news and developments.
Organizations Get to see what friends and family are up to in their new hometown.
Organizations Get together with the skills specialists.
Organizations Getting reamed by university administrators is never a good thing.
Organizations give employees permission to work through hard issues.
Organizations give law enforcement seminars on ritualistic crime.
Organizations give law-enforcement seminars on ritualistic crime.
Organizations go through different life-cycles just like people do.
Organizations go through many iterations as a system evolves or as designs evolves across systems.
Organizations go through stages of scheduling and dispatch capability.
Organizations grow and prosper over time by regularly introducing new products and services.
Organizations grow in fits and starts.
Organizations have a complete profile.
Organizations have a lot of leeway when it comes to supporting or opposing legislation, too.
Organizations have a number of different needs that require creativity.
Organizations have a variety of options for working with others with common interests.
Organizations have a wide variety of reasons for surveying their users.
Organizations have access to the conference room, free of charge, for monthly meetings.
Organizations have alot of money invested in every employee.
Organizations have an important role in flattening the knowledge level across the world.
Organizations have approximately three weeks to complete their budget requests.
Organizations have as compelling a desire to survive as individuals do.
Organizations have behavior.
Organizations have birthdays, too.
Organizations have both real and stated objectives.
Organizations have certain dimensions and concepts in common.
Organizations have control over their own setup.
Organizations have cost.
Organizations have culture too.
Organizations have departments.
Organizations have different cultures.
Organizations have different indexing needs because their documents and their users vary.
Organizations have different sizes, and they have different goals.
Organizations have different visions.
Organizations have flexibility.
Organizations have full control of their content.
Organizations have high hopes for wireless commerce.
Organizations have identities too.
Organizations have impact.
Organizations have informal structures as well as formal ones.
Organizations have internal customers, too.
Organizations have life cycles.
Organizations have lives which, like people, go through phrases of development.
Organizations have machines.
Organizations have management.
Organizations have many different processes for obtaining product.
Organizations have maximum flexibility.
Organizations have members.
Organizations have minds as well.
Organizations have more information to manage than ever before, both internally and externally.
Organizations have needs, one of which is leadership.
Organizations have numerous systems.
Organizations have one week to respond to the requests.
Organizations have organization structures.
Organizations have organizations.
Organizations have plenty of technical expertise for problem solving.
Organizations have practical impact.
Organizations have programs that allow the public to adopt acres of land.
Organizations have relatively few strategic values.
Organizations have representatives.
Organizations have resources.
Organizations have sites.
Organizations have six months to survey their members and determine their lobbying stances.
Organizations have staff.
Organizations have strategies.
Organizations have structures.
Organizations have such an influence on our world today.
Organizations have the ability to influence their future positively.
Organizations have the added privilege of checking out videos.
Organizations have the lowest life expectancy compared to potential of any species on the planet.
Organizations have the option of customizing the tool to prioritize certain retrofits.
Organizations have the option of reserving a small portion of their funds for interim increases.
Organizations have the option of subscribing annually or paying a charge per news release.
Organizations have their own figurative junk closets.
Organizations have their own radios and directional equipment for emergency locator transmitters.
Organizations have to apply to the board to receive funds each year.
Organizations have to be quick, nimble, innovative, and open in order to survive.
Organizations have to be willing to share their successes.
Organizations have to constantly raise funds in order to keep going.
Organizations have to decide what their true mission really is.
Organizations have to flatten out.
Organizations have to grow and attract new blood.
Organizations have to last longer than most of their products or services.
Organizations have to look out for themselves.
Organizations have to manage a dispersed global workforce and complex organizational processes.
Organizations have to rearrange priorities in order to create resources for collaborative efforts.
Organizations have to re-deploy resources internally to take advantage of the new technology.
Organizations have to relate to the totality of testing.
Organizations have to work with less top-down control.
Organizations have tools.
Organizations have trances, too.
Organizations have two options when deciding to offer electronic filing.
Organizations have values, too.
Organizations have very different personalities and metabolic rates.
Organizations have volunteers because they are free labour.
Organizations have web sites.
Organizations have women.
Organizations having collections of pesticide incident reports, please send documents or summaries.
Organizations Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Organizations help companies.
Organizations help drive a mission, but it's people who make organizations work.
Organizations Here are some interesting organizations to make for a better world.
Organizations highly benefit from internal training programs that teach coaching skills to managers.
Organizations hold conferences.
Organizations hold food drives and individuals drop food in the red barrels in grocery stores.
Organizations hold global conferences.
Organizations hold meetings and schedule mandatory office hours during activity periods.
Organizations hold parades, fairs and the like.
Organizations hold small bible studies and meetings in the library.
Organizations holding meetings assume all liability for damage to library facilities and equipment.
Organizations host online conferences here.
Organizations hosting modern Olympics are strange beasts.
Organizations include common features.
Organizations include features.
Organizations include follow common features.
Organizations include follow features.
Organizations include members.
Organizations include performers.
Organizations Includes qigong association and institue.
Organizations Including help desk, call center and related.
Organizations increasingly use network and Internet technology to gain a competitive advantage.
Organizations increasingly use workteams to acquire, integrate, and create new knowledge.
Organizations interact through business objectives and business processes.
Organizations invest millions of dollars every year in meetings, planning sessions and reviews.
Organizations invite professionals to campus, take trips and tours, and sponsor campus events.
Organizations involved in genetic engineering are also at risk of attack.
Organizations involved in international trade and business are welcome to link to our network.
Organizations is a collection of beer and brewing groups.
Organizations is a good starting point for finding information and support.
Organizations is here groups of people, possibly large and distributed, sharing a common goal.
Organizations IS planning staff, IS goals and plans.
Organizations issue bonds for a variety of reasons.
Organizations Join a chefs' association to network with fellow foodservice professionals.
Organizations Join a student business organization.
Organizations Join a trade association and network with fellow caterers.
Organizations Join a trade association and network with fellow franchisors and franchisees .
Organizations Join the club.
Organizations just have to load their application and run.
Organizations justifiably spend large amounts on training employees.
Organizations keep their Catalog on hand for consulation until it is replaced by a later edition.
Organizations know the outcomes they are looking for.
Organizations know the users only by pseudonyms.
Organizations learn and change more slowly than individuals.
Organizations learn as students learn.
Organizations learn from assessments which lead to organizational improvement.
Organizations learn from each other's tests and examples.
Organizations Learn from the testing experts.
Organizations learn through individuals who learn.
Organizations learn to foster greater integrity in their employees.
Organizations learn when people learn.
Organizations like to keep their auth-ids secret.
Organizations listed are both in the U.S. and world wide.
Organizations Listings for churches, charities, non-proft organizations, clubs, and more.
Organizations lists all of the major organizations including links to individual pages.
Organizations lists professional associations and offices useful for teachers and educators.
Organizations live or die based on the quality and the diversity of their people.
Organizations look for a good fit.
Organizations look for innovative ways.
Organizations look for powerful ways.
Organizations look for productivity, competitive edge, quality, and excellence.
Organizations look for ways.
Organizations looking to hire can search by keyword or concept in our resume database.
Organizations lose members.
Organizations maintain administrators.
Organizations maintain roles.
Organizations maintain their own home pages and available pet database.
Organizations make a monetary donation to cover the costs of the service.
Organizations make decisions.
Organizations make differences.
Organizations make final selections.
Organizations make it easy to travel abroad to meet prostitutes.
Organizations make recommendations.
Organizations make selections.
Organizations make the decision on where they want to host a web site.
Organizations make their adjustments first and foremost in their head count. . . .
Organizations meet there.
Organizations merge, change names, and discontinue operations.
Organizations monitor extraterrestrial interaction.
Organizations monitor interaction.
Organizations naturally try to transform themselves from one stable state to another.
Organizations need guidance.
Organizations need teachers.
Organizations needing the funds range from parks to major art institutions in the Chicago area.
Organizations needs for donors to encourage improvements on attention to gender.
Organizations now dominate the delivery of healthcare.
Organizations now have the power to configure their systems and applications as their needs change.
Organizations now rely on their networks to run their businesses.
Organizations obtain vouchers branded by bar code that are valid for three to four days.
Organizations offer benefits.
Organizations offer considerable opportunity.
Organizations offer contract opportunity.
Organizations offer custom designs.
Organizations offer designs.
Organizations offer educational opportunity.
Organizations offer employees.
Organizations offer fewer opportunities for promotion.
Organizations offer internships in many academic areas.
Organizations offer opportunity.
Organizations offer services.
Organizations offers links to the home page of seven professional groups.
Organizations only learn through individuals who learn.
Organizations only perform better than individuals to the extent that they permit specialization.
Organizations open offices.
Organizations operate centers.
Organizations operate in different states, but solutions to their struggles are often the same.
Organizations operate in environments.
Organizations operate in regions.
Organizations ought to be ready to send out checks by hand.
Organizations overcome such difficulties through compromise and negotiation, or they break down.
Organizations own project descriptions, and lists of organizations and people with whom they work.
Organizations pay a monthly service fee based on the number of workstations being filtered.
Organizations pay by module.
Organizations pay for the web design on a sliding scale.
Organizations pay to be listed here.
Organizations perform various types of quality verifications.
Organizations Pick a club, non-profit, government entity, etc.
Organizations pick the vendor they want.
Organizations place greater value on inclusivity and representation.
Organizations placing multiple insertions into any of the newsletters receive a frequency discount.
Organizations plan on continuing with the program.
Organizations play two key roles in that process.
Organizations prepare for emergencies with thorough planning.
Organizations promote ideas.
Organizations provide a framework for students to develop their own special talents and interests.
Organizations provide additional information.
Organizations provide assistance.
Organizations provide case management.
Organizations provide competitive positions.
Organizations provide counsel services.
Organizations provide environments.
Organizations provide information.
Organizations provide management.
Organizations provide many worthwhile and interesting hours.
Organizations provide members a way to connect to information sources via the Web.
Organizations provide opportunities for students to develop of leadership and organizational skills.
Organizations provide positions.
Organizations provide services.
Organizations provide social services.
Organizations provide students with an avenue to accelerate development.
Organizations provide taxonomic information.
Organizations provide training in the hope of bringing about change of behavior in their employees.
Organizations pursue goals.
Organizations pursue registration for any number of reasons.
Organizations pursue two basic approaches to extend zero latency across multiple processes.
Organizations rally in Washington to display power.
Organizations range from social groups to issue-oriented groups.
Organizations range from the owner-operated small firm to the multinational corporations.
Organizations rapidly establish a presence on the Internet through web sites.
Organizations reach out to the community.
Organizations reach potential new supporters beyond their existing support base.
Organizations realize that employees best serve the organization by focusing on their careers.
Organizations receive ten copies of each issue and two compact discs.
Organizations reflect the values of their founders, key managers and workers.
Organizations regularly contact our department in search of interns.
Organizations relate to various non-OSU groups that entomologists chaired or participated in.
Organizations related to philately are philatelic.
Organizations rely heavily on one another and run operations across the globe.
Organizations rely on coordination among workers, and exploit the power of team efforts.
Organizations rely on data sets of all sorts to run a business.
Organizations rely on knowledge.
Organizations rely on leaders.
Organizations rely on the knowledge and flexibility of their employees, and structures.
Organizations rely on traditional leaders.
Organizations rely upon a wider variety of supports and relationships.
Organizations renew their membership annually.
Organizations renting classrooms provide their own instruction and materials.
Organizations renting the facility are responsible for any damage caused to the facility.
Organizations report corrections through a written progress report or during an unscheduled survey.
Organizations represent employees.
Organizations representing lab interests believe the trend spells trouble for the lab industry.
Organizations require attention.
Organizations require information to survive .
Organizations require information to survive.
Organizations require people possessing both managerial skills and leadership skills.
Organizations routinely employ company attorneys and sometimes even have doctors on staff.
Organizations routinely gather information through surveys.
Organizations run more efficiently and productivity increases.
Organizations run their businesses today with a number of familiar disciplines.
Organizations save members.
Organizations scramble to improve their market share.
Organizations See the Canadian content links also.
Organizations see the value of the simplified implementation inherent to browser-based applications.
Organizations seek and use data as a basis for action.
Organizations seek equilibrium.
Organizations seek federal charters primarily to have the honor federal government recognition.
Organizations seek out action.
Organizations seek to deliver value to all their stakeholders.
Organizations seeking design arts majors hire on a real-time basis.
Organizations seeking volunteers can enter their requirements directly on our system.
Organizations seeking volunteers can post their own opportunities.
Organizations seem to categorize pages as either official or unofficial.
Organizations seem to have a way of simply ignoring input from most of their employees.
Organizations select the available aircraft that matches their desired commitment.
Organizations send group reminders via email to authors or reviewers, based on paper status.
Organizations serve communities.
Organizations serve customers.
Organizations serve families.
Organizations share in the products and in credit.
Organizations show evolutionary variation.
Organizations show variation.
Organizations sign an agreement to maintain trails.
Organizations simplify decisions by restricting the ends toward which activity is directed.
Organizations simply review and update information already entered from the previous application.
Organizations spend all year designing and building buggies, and practicing for races.
Organizations spend considerable resources developing and using presentation materials.
Organizations spend large amounts of time and money to understand their performance.
Organizations spend millions of dollars training employees.
Organizations spend the least amount on training senior management, followed by support staff.
Organizations spend, on average, one-third of an employee's salary to recruit that employee.
Organizations sponsoring interactive sites can choose to edit their content or to stay hands-off.
Organizations start off doing projects with a pretty high level of success.
Organizations start using it for daily communications.
Organizations submit an application to the mini-foundation of choice.
Organizations succeed or fail because of the people involved.
Organizations supply donations and manpower to help fix up homes of several area residents.
Organizations support development teams.
Organizations support effort.
Organizations support hunger relief effort.
Organizations support local hunger relief effort.
Organizations support supervision.
Organizations support teams.
Organizations support technology.
Organizations supporting the rules represent hundreds of thousands of producers and consumers.
Organizations survive on their ability to mange their business efficiently and aggressively.
Organizations survive only if operated effectively and efficiently.
Organizations sustain success by continuously advancing in value to customers.
Organizations take responsibility.
Organizations teach employees the vocabulary and language of ethical decision making.
Organizations tend to be flatter today than the hierarchical pyramids of the past.
Organizations tend to be shadows of their founders and current leaders.
Organizations tend to destroy competence.
Organizations tend to drive communications into predictable patterns, which too easily become ruts.
Organizations tend to follow a fairly predictable pattern of growth.
Organizations tend to rely on the latter in their attempts to understand and improve work practice.
Organizations tend to stick with what they know the tested models of the past.
Organizations tend to treat the symptoms of stress rather than the cause.
Organizations tend to use other fonts.
Organizations then have forty-five days to complete their proposals.
Organizations then obtain the benefit of analysts' feedback on product and marketing strategies.
Organizations There are four organizations in the United States that govern dog agility.
Organizations There are many groups and organizations involved in the factory farm issue.
Organizations thus become more and more impersonal and individual members are interchangeable.
Organizations transform in line with their information systems.
Organizations translate their business strategies into objectives for each perspective.
Organizations try to crack down on human trafficking in Europe.
Organizations typically ask for a resume and either an official or unofficial law school transcript.
Organizations typically register a name that resembles the name of their organization.
Organizations typically rent office space, vehicles, and computers.
Organizations typically spend about an hour at push practice on a given night.
Organizations typically store and present their story via resumes and corporate summaries.
Organizations typically try to find cheap ways to get rid of disputes.
Organizations typically underestimate the impact of turnover.
Organizations undergoing rapid changes naturally create a stressful environment.
Organizations update their own information in the calendar.
Organizations use a variety of public relations tools to convey messages and to create images.
Organizations use computers to run applications that carry out specific business functions.
Organizations use fewer but bigger servers.
Organizations use incentive systems to motivate their employees.
Organizations use information.
Organizations use it as a powerful strategy to better leverage their intellectual capital.
Organizations use our data in a variety of ways.
Organizations use pay grades to group individual jobs having approximately the same job worth.
Organizations use strategies.
Organizations use structures.
Organizations use the company's products to identify software errors.
Organizations use the system for a monthly fee based upon number of users and amount of data.
Organizations use their allocation to sponsor speakers, programs, and campus-wide events.
Organizations use various means of regulating strong and unwanted emotions, including normalizing .
Organizations using coaching practices communicate that people are valued, needed and important.
Organizations using parliamentary procedure usually follow a fixed order of business.
Organizations using such a system save time and money.
Organizations using the center have exclusive occupancy and the full use of the house and grounds.
Organizations utilizing district facilities are responsible for building clean-up.
Organizations vary from year to year, depending on student interest.
Organizations vary in how they go about selecting a team to participate in Web site construction.
Organizations vary in terms of mission, practice, ethics and success.
Organizations vary in the titles given to specific positions.
Organizations vary in their purposes for evaluations.
Organizations vary widely from sports teams, to student hobbies, to community service organizations.
Organizations vary widely in their ability to demonstrate pluralism and diversity.
Organizations vary, but most require an application with essays, interviews, and recommendations.
Organizations view workers as temporary, and paternalism no longer exists.
Organizations Welcome to our list of industry organizations involved with utility arboriculture.
Organizations wishing more information on the food bank go here .
Organizations wishing to apply by mail can download the bidder's list application form .
Organizations wishing to post volunteer opportunities can do so for free .
Organizations work better if everyone is contributing.
Organizations work for years.
Organizations work with universities.
Organizations working with online volunteers are pleased with the results.
Organizations always struggle to keep up with the latest technology.
Organizations frequently become fragmented parts of a once-unified vision.
Organizations frequently miss the installation over previous versions and incomplete versions.
Organizations frequently post upcoming events, information on featured speakers, etc.
Organizations frequently use internships to recruit and hire potential candidates.
Organizations often change their home pages.
Organizations often confuse the coach with other roles and fail to use coaches well.
Organizations often decide to come to the legislature as an economic last resort.
Organizations often develop a formulary under the aegis of a pharmacy and therapeutics committee.
Organizations often face the same types of challenges when growing.
Organizations often generate and collect large volumes of data in their daily operations.
Organizations often go through the above process many times and for awhile they feel better.
Organizations often have neither the resources nor the time to tackle the project in-house.
Organizations often have positions available, but are unable to come on campus to interview.
Organizations often have procedures known only within the organization.
Organizations often hire consultants.
Organizations often ignore the early signs of wrongdoing.
Organizations often make deductions for administration and other expenses.
Organizations often move away from that pattern as the grow.
Organizations often neglect the billing function.
Organizations often operate in a wide area, or even are constantly on the move.
Organizations often overlook the powerful effect of employee selection on employee retention.
Organizations often overvalue secrecy and underestimate the value of sharing data instead.
Organizations often spend many hours and resources in developing strategic plans.
Organizations often spend more time on membership and funding matters, than on environmental issues.
Organizations often tap new donors.
Organizations often tend to take on too much at once.
Organizations often think that the Internet is the answer to all their recruiting problems.
Organizations often use donations to reduce chemical inventories without the disposal expense.
Organizations often use team members as shared resources.
Organizations often visit campus to interview potential candidates.
Organizations often wait for repairs when problems occur.
Organizations sometimes provide financial help.
Organizations sometimes sponsor a hunt as a promotional activity.
Organizations sometimes use internships to recruit and hire potential candidates.
Organizations usually know about job opportunities at related companies.
Organizations usually look for people outside of the regular development team to conduct tests.
Organizations usually meet early in the quarter.
All organization is contextual and provisional.
All organization is, properly, a means through which freedom is sought.
All organizations are at risk of some kind.
All organizations are dependent on core design elements.
All organizations are different and therefore have different approaches to working as a community.
All organizations are eligible to compete for the All Sports Campus Championship.
All organizations are eligible to join - retail or other.
All organizations are eligible under the same award level.
All organizations are exclusive by nature.
All organizations are founded on paper work.
All organizations are in transition, pushing beyond traditional boundaries.
All organizations are independent.
All organizations are non-profit unless otherwise indicated.
All organizations are open to any Georgetown medical student.
All organizations are open to any member of the student body.
All organizations are open to any student, though some are honorary.
All organizations are political, or at least have a political content.
All Organizations Are Public.
All organizations are responsible for cleanup and garbage disposal related to their event.
All Organizations are responsible for posting their events.
All organizations are sales tax exempt, except for food and lodging which is always taxable.
All organizations are very busy in the summer and it is best to book as early as possible.
All organizations are welcome and encouraged to participate in the sponsoring of a house.
All organizations are welcome to submit their web address for consideration.
All organizations are welcome, be they public, private or governmental entities.
All organizations become more responsive to customer, their communities and employees.
All organizations become stagnant over time.
All organizations benefit by supporting the AIMS Safety Seminar.
All organizations change.
All organizations collect information in the course of their everyday operations.
All organizations deal with risk on a daily basis.
All organizations depend on other organizations to provide or use goods and services.
All organizations direct their activities toward achieving specific goals and objectives.
All organizations encounter risk.
All organizations exist within a changing environment.
All organizations face an environment of unprecedented complexity.
All organizations face dizzying change.
All organizations face potentially crippling risks.
All organizations face the challenge of attracting new members and retaining current members.
All organizations face the threat of litigation.
All organizations function within a specific framework of rules and order.
All organizations generate surplus property.
All organizations go through change, but few talk about it with employees.
All organizations go through evolutions.
All organizations have a home page on the internet.
All organizations have a purpose.
All organizations have a slightly different purpose or focus.
All organizations have a tendency as they grow both older and bigger to lose track of their mission.
All organizations have access to the same technology.
All organizations have an S-curve.
All organizations have common constraints and objectives.
All organizations have conflict.
All organizations have dimensions.
All organizations have employees who are constant complainers.
All organizations have financial information processing needs.
All organizations have first-line supervisors.
All organizations have multiple objectives.
All organizations have personalities and attitudes, just like people.
All organizations have plans to maintain critical staffing during the period.
All organizations have problems.
All organizations have regular summit meetings.
All organizations have several aspects in common.
All organizations have significant investments in systems infrastructure.
All organizations have some level of performance measurement system or set of practices in place.
All organizations have some negative moments of truth.
All organizations have specific goals and objectives that they strive to meet.
All organizations have their own individual safety needs.
All organizations have to communicate within themselves and outside themselves.
All organizations have to go through an audit.
All organizations have two systems.
All organizations incur expenses and invest capital in the course of operations.
All organizations learn.
All organizations listed above are from the Christian religion.
All organizations listed offer information services.
All organizations listed with individuals are for identification purposes only.
All organizations offer either student or low-cost memberships.
All Organizations pay full membership fees for the first four employees.
All organizations react to complaints, allegations and concerns in some fashion.
All organizations realize some amount of employee turnover.
All organizations recapitulate the family structure.
All organizations receive the benefits of improved understanding.
All organizations receiving findings are responsible for closing their findings.
All organizations recruit college graduates to manage their offices.
All organizations rely on leadership to accomplish their respective goals.
All organizations require food, clothing, water, and the other essentials for human sustainment.
All organizations require good management and communication.
All organizations require management, so numerous opportunities are available.
All organizations require that students submit a cover letter and resume.
All organizations share a common goal of educating youth to aid in the prevention of teen pregnancy.
All organizations stress the importance of academic achievement through active scholarship programs.
All organizations submit their information online.
All organizations suffer from friction, the human version of the physical process.
All organizations tour regularly.
All organizations undertake three basic finance activities.
All organizations welcome.
Any organization always has to do the best it can with the resources available.
Any organization accepted for membership has voting rights.
Any organization can add it's listing for free.
Any organization can apply for delinquency prevention grant funding.
Any organization can be more successful if everyone is an idea person.
Any organization can begin their own programs.
Any organization can benefit from a review of operations.
Any organization can benefit from a well-devised complaint system.
Any organization can benefit from it.
Any organization can benefit from reminders of business goals and improving management techniques.
Any organization can call itself a union.
Any organization can claim to be authoritative.
Any organization can develop a strategy.
Any organization can face deception.
Any organization can get good media coverage.
Any organization can honor itself with the group name.
Any organization can innovate once.
Any organization can petition to rent or reserve a facility.
Any organization can put up a display on the courthouse lawn, as long as a permit has been awarded.
Any organization can relinquish their right to be evaluated.
Any organization can.
Any organization comes into existence because of a vision.
Any organization considering membership is welcome to attend one meeting on a complimentary basis.
Any organization has a normal ebb and flow in the size and longevity of their current workforce.
Any organization has people who are impolite and harshly critical.
Any organization is a collection of individuals.
Any organization is a number of groups working to achieve their goals.
Any organization is always one generation from extinction.
Any organization is as good as individuals that form it.
Any organization is better off when the entire enterprise is successful.
Any organization is comprised of people with ideas and information.
Any organization is eligible for regular membership.
Any organization is eligible that includes youth in their decision making processes.
Any organization is encouraged to apply.
Any organization is only as good as the people who are in it.
Any organization is only as good as the people who work there.
Any organization is welcome to submit a proposal.
Any organization is welcome to submit an event.
Any organization lacking adequate purchasing controls can become a victim of an office supply scam.
Any organization needs money to survive and grow.
Any organization needs to have a strategic plan.
Any organization operated by people has inherent vulnerabilities. . .
Any organization operated by people has inherent vulnerabilities.
Any organization possessing employees or assists is subject to possible losses.
Any organization sponsoring such an event is responsible for all incurred debts.
Any organization suffers when what is good for the individual is bad for the group.
Any organization tries to find the right balance between the two extremes.
Every organization begins the deployment of a new messaging system with certain expectations.
Every organization belongs to an institutional sector, in addition to one or more product sectors.
Every organization benefits from an increasingly adaptable and competent workforce.
Every organization benefits from developing such a feedback system.
Every organization can benefit from being on the Internet.
Every organization can benefit from publicity good publicity, that is.
Every organization can benefit from training.
Every organization can derive substantial benefit from an on-going public relations program.
Every organization can groom executive talent, but few take full advantage of the opportunity.
Every organization can participate to some degree.
Every organization can participate.
Every organization collects, generates and manages information.
Every organization conducts product management, whether it's done intentionally or unintentionally.
Every organization creates a product that can be described as either tangible or intangible.
Every organization creates records in the normal course of doing business.
Every organization desperately searches for people that can add real value.
Every organization does their part to better the community.
Every organization encounters technical challenges from time to time.
Every organization exits to accomplish value - added work.
Every organization faces a myriad of risks.
Every organization faces a unique set of challenges and opportunities.
Every organization faces some risks.
Every organization faces unique challenges and opportunities.
Every organization faces unique challenges to training billing and patient accounts staff.
Every organization generates large amounts of paper and electronic documents.
Every organization gets complacent, loses focus, and uses more effort to achieve less.
Every organization grows and changes.
Every organization has a bulletin or newsletter.
Every organization has a certain culture.
Every organization has a character and a personality.
Every organization has a choice.
Every organization has a conflict management strategy, but few know what it is.
Every organization has a core group of people who consistently come through.
Every organization has a culture, and the best have a positive culture.
Every organization has a culture, by intention or default.
Every organization has a culture.
Every organization has a current set of issues.
Every organization has a different budget.
Every organization has a different method for motivating booth staffers to achieve success.
Every organization has a distinct culture that shapes the work environment.
Every organization has a distinctive culture.
Every organization has a few bad apples.
Every organization has a few.
Every organization has a goal or purpose.
Every organization has a goal, a means and a method.
Every organization has a goal.
Every organization has a main Web site, with a publicly available and recognizable address.
Every organization has a mission that defines the purpose of the organization.
Every organization has a mission, a purpose, a reason for being.
Every organization has a personality of it's own.
Every organization has a personality.
Every organization has a recording retention period whether required by policy, procedure or law.
Every organization has a reputation for how they treat their employees.
Every organization has a risk manager.
Every organization has a set of stories, or folklore, that gives it a unique flavor.
Every organization has a structure.
Every organization has a unique identity and the differences between organizations are important.
Every organization has a unique set of needs.
Every organization has a variety of levels and dimensions of competence.
Every organization has a written and unwritten accountability culture.
Every organization has an allotted number of positions to be filled by misfits.
Every organization has an annual budget, typically approved the previous year.
Every organization has an image.
Every organization has an IT budget, whether it's large or small, commercial or non-commercial.
Every organization has an organizational culture.
Every organization has at least some good people.
Every organization has at least two levels of information.
Every organization has both good and bad qualities.
Every organization has clear business and strategic objectives established.
Every organization has conflict.
Every organization has constraints, which come in many forms.
Every organization has core competencies.
Every organization has databases.
Every organization has different needs and different capacities.
Every organization has different needs.
Every organization has different reasons to get online.
Every organization has diverse cultures that constantly influence decision-making.
Every organization has facilities that constantly change.
Every organization has flaws and imperfections.
Every organization has informal leaders who wield real clout in the cafeteria and back hallways.
Every organization has issues and alliances.
Every organization has it's pet name for it and associated database to track it.
Every organization has less productive employees.
Every organization has opportunities.
Every organization has people dissatisfied with the leadership.
Every organization has people who cry uncle too soon, too late or never at all.
Every organization has people who get stuff done without knifing anyone else in the back.
Every organization has places to go for further research.
Every organization has potentially significant information cost centres.
Every organization has requirements to move data from one system or platform to another.
Every organization has some cause to support.
Every organization has some core activities.
Every organization has something it's seeking to achieve.
Every organization has specific specifications and initiatives.
Every organization has stories to tell.
Every organization has strong and weak points and a homeowner association is no exception.
Every organization has structures.
Every organization has the right to their own direction and philosophy.
Every organization has their own plan for continuous improvement.
Every organization has their own process for submitting bids.
Every organization has times of continuity and times of change.
Every organization has to be continually developing new programs.
Every organization has to do it for the proper functioning of any business.
Every organization has to have a leader, and the family reunion committee is no exception.
Every organization has to make the decision on how much security it can afford.
Every organization has to manage information.
Every organization has to prepare for the abandonment of everything that it does.
Every organization has two major categories of constituencies, external and internal.
Every organization has two principal challenges, focus and communications.
Every organization has unique business processes, which create value.
Every organization has unique customers and they have unique needs.
Every organization has unique information needs.
Every organization has unique informational management needs.
Every organization has unique needs.
Every organization has ways of bringing new people into it.
Every organization has within it the yellow brick road to accountability and empowerment.
Every organization involved in international business needs business trained personnel.
Every organization is a complex system composed of many interrelated parts.
Every organization is a mirror of the people who are an integral part of it.
Every organization is also a social network.
Every organization is an identity in motion, moving through the world, trying to make a difference.
Every organization is as unique as a fingerprint.
Every organization is at risk.
Every organization is challenged by the opportunities of e-commerce.
Every organization is comprised of members.
Every organization is comprised of people.
Every organization is different in the way that technology-based training can be the most effective.
Every organization is different.
Every organization is diverse.
Every organization is faced with new challenges and issues.
Every organization is family, whether caring or dysfunctional.
Every organization is filled with countless activities throughout each day.
Every organization is in business to provide a service to the public.
Every organization is interested in one thing - increasing sales and productivity.
Every organization is intertwined.
Every organization is involved in education in some form.
Every organization is known by the company that it keeps.
Every organization is limited in the resources it can devote to any given task.
Every organization is rich with knowledge and expertise, yet most of it goes unseen.
Every organization is strengthened by tangible forms of a ritual.
Every organization is strengthened by tangible forms of ritual.
Every organization is susceptible to financial impropriety.
Every organization is susceptible to fraud.
Every organization is under pressure to make decisions and take action at a much faster pace.
Every organization is unique and so too are their needs.
Every organization is unique yet they are the same in many ways.
Every organization is unique, yet they all deal with similar issues.
Every organization is unique.
Every organization is vulnerable to power struggles, particularly during periods of rapid change.
Every organization looks for quick thinkers, who are good decision makers as well.
Every organization needs a department that thrives on creativity, challenge, change, and leadership.
Every organization needs a guiding paradigm for how it operates.
Every organization needs a mascot of one type or another.
Every organization needs a mission statement.
Every organization needs a mission.
Every organization needs a process to manage and recover from any crisis that arises.
Every organization needs a purpose, or, in organizational jargon, goals and objectives.
Every organization needs a statement of faith to hold to and be governed by.
Every organization needs a vision and goals in order to be successful.
Every organization needs an efficient means for administering compensation.
Every organization needs as many good managers as possible.
Every organization needs change.
Every organization needs constant review and self-examination and reform.
Every organization needs constant review, and self-examination, and reform.
Every organization needs different kinds of feedback data.
Every organization needs document standards.
Every organization needs funding to remain solvent, just like any other business.
Every organization needs great leaders.
Every organization needs it to survive and function.
Every organization needs leaders at every level.
Every organization needs leaders now, and in the future.
Every organization needs money.
Every organization needs policies of one form or another.
Every organization needs skilled managers to be successful.
Every organization needs to attract the most capable people possible to work the task at hand.
Every organization needs to balance new effort against current commitments.
Every organization needs to become an efficient and organized publisher.
Every organization needs to come in with one fundraising idea.
Every organization needs to evaluate itself from time to time.
Every organization needs to have some idea of why it exists, where it is going.
Every organization needs to make financial health a primary concern.
Every organization needs to put out the word to the community they serve.
Every organization offers an orientation and training.
Every organization owns some property even if it is antiquated office furniture and computers.
Every organization possesses some sort of technology and certainly some knowledge.
Every organization produces some product or provides some service.
Every organization puts up a good front when seeking new business.
Every organization relies on financial knowledge to meet their financial goals.
Every organization requires some funding.
Every organization runs reports in some frequent manner.
Every organization seems to have some internal standard for a header block of comments.
Every organization spends time and money on employee training and employee development.
Every organization strives to align their organizational policies with their mission and goals.
Every organization suffers from information overload.
Every organization tends to control the information it releases to outsiders.
Every organization throws a party too.
Every organization uses communications.
Every organization uses some form of technology to transform inputs into outputs.
Every organization wants a series of portals for various applications and users.
Every organization wants and needs productive, skilled employees.
Every organization wants comfort that their security is adequate.
Every organization wants more members.
Every organization wants to achieve maximum participation and attendance at their event.
Every organization wants to survive and prosper.
Many organizations accept for membership people based on race, ethnicity, religion etc.
Many organizations allow employees to access email and the internal network remotely.
Many organizations allow their internal users any service outbound.
Many organizations already have distinct cultures.
Many organizations already have some form of security policy.
Many organizations already have their own methods and networks for defenders' support.
Many organizations also focus on loans for women.
Many organizations also have a heavy duty tool and a more lightweight tool that have similar ends.
Many organizations also have informational videos.
Many organizations also have their own web pages .
Many organizations also lack policies which respond to family issues.
Many organizations also offer loans.
Many organizations also post flyers in living units and academic buildings.
Many organizations also provide canned or other prepackaged food items to the needy.
Many organizations also publish books and brochures about the native flora.
Many organizations also request norm comparisons for similar companies.
Many organizations also see the large gathering place as a beneficial way to further their causes.
Many organizations also use it for intranetworking.
Many organizations are able to identify specific management issues and desired outcomes.
Many organizations are available to assist.
Many organizations are Christian.
Many organizations are confident in their ability to handle risk.
Many organizations are data rich and information poor.
Many organizations are happy to allow educators to use their resources.
Many organizations are in denial about how they operate.
Many organizations are including bystander training.
Many organizations are interested in employees who have general business-related skills.
Many organizations are now accessible on the Internet.
Many organizations are off-base on various doctrinal issues.
Many organizations are open to new ideas and suggestions for new programs.
Many organizations are preserving the past, our goal is to preserve the present.
Many organizations are primarily knowledge-driven.
Many organizations are small, but offer quite extensive job responsibilities.
Many organizations are specific to a single discipline.
Many organizations are still in reactive mode when it comes to environmental issues.
Many organizations are wary of endorsing candidates - and rightfully so.
Many organizations are wary of viruses and hence concerned about receiving attachments.
Many organizations ask their entire staff to participate.
Many organizations ask their student team and faculty advisor to sign confidentiality agreements.
Many organizations assist individuals who are coping with specific medical conditions.
Many organizations assume that protecting their information is a simple matter.
Many organizations attempt to tackle item four first, then move on to the other considerations.
Many organizations award scholarship dollars to women who somehow fit a particular demographic.
Many organizations award special scholarships.
Many organizations begin the interview process by screening several candidates.
Many organizations believe that the application process itself is beneficial.
Many organizations belong to professional associations.
Many organizations block access from the Internet to their networks.
Many organizations can benefit from service or maintenance plans.
Many organizations can grow due to a societal fad or other short-lived reasons.
Many organizations can offer information and ideas to employers.
Many organizations can supply names of physicians who treat breast cancer.
Many organizations carefully monitor the official apparel they sponsor.
Many organizations carry operating deficits for years.
Many organizations cherish their long-standing relationships with outside accountants and counsel.
Many organizations choose to provide nonqualified retirement plan options for top executives.
Many organizations claim that their data is a strategic asset.
Many organizations collaborate to track the whales by ship, airplane, and helicopter.
Many organizations collect canned food, used blankets and clothing or medical supplies.
Many organizations collect frequent customer satisfaction data over time using customer surveys.
Many organizations come forward to help.
Many organizations conduct regular litter cleanups.
Many organizations consider intern applications throughout the year.
Many organizations consider requests for financial support only a few times a year.
Many organizations consider serving their customers to be a core issue of the business.
Many organizations continue to purchase the sample packs.
Many organizations continue to work to help conserve macaws.
Many organizations contribute Bibles to China's official government churches.
Many organizations contribute to the community by offering summer internships to college students.
Many organizations create a work team to develop action plans for improvement areas.
Many organizations currently have systems in place to automate desktop software installation.
Many organizations currently maintain policies against releasing incomplete records.
Many organizations deal only with a specific disability or illness.
Many organizations decide to make the transition without adequate infrastructure or preparation.
Many organizations depend upon Internet connectivity to support critical applications.
Many organizations designate someone to schedule speakers.
Many organizations distribute whatever free software happens to be available.
Many organizations divide up work among different people.
Many organizations do all their business on computers.
Many organizations do meet in the morning.
Many organizations do send out bothersome, unsolicited mail.
Many organizations draw a blank here.
Many organizations effectively take over people's lives.
Many organizations employ advertising specialists.
Many organizations employ more than one person, so interaction with other employees is likely.
Many organizations employ technologies that have been built on multiple computing platforms.
Many organizations employ VPNs as integral parts of their security solutions.
Many organizations encourage undergraduates to apply.
Many organizations engage in issue advocacy, but election related issue advocacy is another matter.
Many organizations enter into relationships with outsourcing providers based solely on cost.
Many organizations espouse empowerment.
Many organizations evaluate potential employees based on disability alone.
Many organizations evaluate the effectiveness of their classification systems on a regular basis.
Many organizations even have websites with significant amounts of information.
Many organizations exist from volunteer service to neighborhood associations to clubs.
Many organizations exist to carry out humanitarian and Christian concerns.
Many organizations exist which provide news, analysis, and advice on promoting renewable energy.
Many organizations exist.
Many organizations experience the same disabling symptoms.
Many organizations fail to achieve their desired growth targets in revenue and profitability.
Many organizations fail to recognize the hidden costs of job training.
Many organizations fail to set user expectations prior to implementation.
Many organizations fall far short of improved reality.
Many organizations feel that once the web site is online, it can be ignored.
Many organizations find it difficult to collaborate on more than a few activities.
Many organizations find it helpful to use a board manual or handbook.
Many organizations find our river trips provide a superb atmosphere for group outings.
Many organizations find quarter internships easier to fit into their organization's activities.
Many organizations find web access more efficient and less costly than printed pamphlets.
Many organizations focus on needs of the community first.
Many organizations focus on providing clothing to schoolchildren from low-income families.
Many organizations focus on the wrong areas to add value to their business.
Many organizations forbid users to attach a modem to a workstation.
Many organizations forget to check the obvious.
Many organizations forget to include two signatures on the contract.
Many organizations get the least expensive equipment possible and expect TV quality video and audio.
Many organizations go to great lengths to develop and implement best practice workplace policy.
Many organizations handle several functions.
Many organizations handle success by breathing a sigh of relief, and focusing on the problem areas.
Many organizations have a bias or a slant on the issue.
Many organizations have a calendar tacked to the wall in a central location.
Many organizations have a computer help group.
Many organizations have a difficult time receiving public recognition.
Many organizations have a donor or employee who acts as web master.
Many organizations have a fairly benign political situation.
Many organizations have a lab or office dedicated to helping blind readers.
Many organizations have a significant backlog of database system development requests.
Many organizations have a special student membership rate.
Many organizations have a strategic plan but it winds up on the shelf.
Many organizations have a technician on call during learning events.
Many organizations have a wealth information on their customers and operations.
Many organizations have an inventory of material that needs to be reconfigured for the Web.
Many organizations have as their focus saving money, making more money, and avoiding legislation.
Many organizations have complete control over their intranet infrastructure.
Many organizations have complex physician pay plans.
Many organizations have different giving levels, from very small amounts to large amounts.
Many organizations have emergency management or contingency plans in place.
Many organizations have experience with the use of formal methods on a small scale.
Many organizations have financial aid available for education.
Many organizations have grievances.
Many organizations have guidelines governing shipment of laboratory samples and specimens.
Many organizations have high overhead costs, staff turnovers and little time for inhouse software.
Many organizations have hundreds of databases into which duplicate employee information is entered.
Many organizations have information to help guide parents through the special education process.
Many organizations have in-house and promotional newsletters.
Many organizations have instant access to their documents.
Many organizations have LANs located at sites that are geographically distant from each other.
Many organizations have mentoring programs.
Many organizations have more than one hundred years of service to their communities.
Many organizations have more than one program.
Many organizations have multiple messaging systems, usually at the departmental level.
Many organizations have names similar to well-known charities and organizations.
Many organizations have names that are very similar to well-known charities.
Many organizations have national Internet pages which are both well done and informative.
Many organizations have no way of automatically disabling or removing the accounts of ex-employees.
Many organizations have other means of raising money.
Many organizations have policies that prohibit employees from accessing other's e-mail accounts.
Many organizations have printouts and pamphlets outlining the commonly used medical terms.
Many organizations have regular meetings that non-members can attend.
Many organizations have resale shops that provide important support for their ministries.
Many organizations have rules about customer or prospect data residing on third-party servers.
Many organizations have several thousand machines each on the net.
Many organizations have SIGs, but that acronym stands for special interest groups in most.
Many organizations have similar-sounding names.
Many organizations have some form of variable pay.
Many organizations have such a pictorial hall of fame.
Many organizations have their bylaws online.
Many organizations have their documents organized and controlled.
Many organizations have their own corporate style and publishing guidelines.
Many organizations have their own pages.
Many organizations have their own staff while others outsource.
Many organizations have to come to grips with all three simultaneously.
Many organizations have to pay premium salaries to attract new staff.
Many organizations have too many systems.
Many organizations have tuition reimbursement and funds available for development programs.
Many organizations have unnecessary layers of supervision and spans of control that are too narrow.
Many organizations have web sites offering extensive, detailed material on animal care.
Many organizations have websites that can be accessed through the Internet.
Many organizations have websites.
Many organizations have working groups that call themselves teams.
Many organizations hide bonuses as tightly as they guard salary figures.
Many organizations hire for skills and fire for attitude .
Many organizations hire for skills and fire for attitude.
Many organizations hire their own retirees after a certain waiting period.
Many organizations hold film, video, computer and audio series on a more occasional basis.
Many organizations implement the team concept as an attempt to initiate philosophical change.
Many organizations impose coding standards on programmers.
Many organizations incorrectly perceive their constituency as being unable to give large gifts.
Many organizations increase awareness of international conflicts and their causes.
Many organizations instruct employees how to work with the public or the media.
Many organizations involve all their employees in the planning process.
Many organizations keep a directory of their employees online.
Many organizations keep backups of E-mail on tapes, disks or even paper.
Many organizations lack the resources to deploy and manage their offline assets online.
Many organizations like to personalize their ads by using their logo.
Many organizations limit their employee involvement team designs to first level employees.
Many organizations listed also provide assistance to Chinese students in the U.S., despite title.
Many organizations look outside themselves for figures to provide direction.
Many organizations look to reuse for large improvements in quality and productivity.
Many organizations lose money on merchandise sales due to the lack of inventory and access controls.
Many organizations maintain an operating reserve account for the very same reasons.
Many organizations maintain backup systems and copies of critical data at secondary facilities.
Many organizations maintain such servers.
Many organizations make an attempt to understand the retention factor through exit interviews.
Many organizations make the mistake of designing the process around the tool.
Many organizations make the mistake of including everyone with some connection to the task.
Many organizations make the mistake sometimes of drawing the scope of the project too broadly.
Many organizations make their databases available from their websites.
Many organizations make their entire online directory available and searchable using finger.
Many organizations manage projects with only task durations and estimated percentage complete.
Many organizations match all or a portion of an employee's gift to a non-profit organization.
Many organizations measure audience size by the number of entries to the Web server log.
Many organizations meet on a monthly basis, some more often.
Many organizations miss checking the tires.
Many organizations mistakenly believe that no one is interested in their data.
Many organizations move backups to off-site locations daily.
Many organizations never evaluate the cost of losing and hiring new employees.
Many organizations never post an opening.
Many organizations never reach that point.
Many organizations now exist to support the advancement of nursing profession.
Many organizations now give customers cards to rate their service and make comments.
Many organizations now have attractive caf s to supply meals and snacks at all hours.
Many organizations now have free listservers which advertise positions for their members.
Many organizations now have links to the net.
Many organizations now have on-line applications to speed up the process.
Many organizations now list e-mail and Web site addresses in their contact information.
Many organizations now permit employees to job share.
Many organizations now post job openings on their sites.
Many organizations now publish both a paper and electronic version of their journals.
Many organizations now require drug testing of new hires or random drug testing of all employees.
Many organizations now see the practice as a protective strategy.
Many organizations now support an external Web site describing their products and services.
Many organizations now target positions that pay higher salaries.
Many organizations obtain a signed sheet from each employee verifying receipt of the policy.
Many organizations offer a chance for advancement through a range of volunteer assignments.
Many organizations offer a hostelling membership or discount card.
Many organizations offer assistance in developing an e-commerce strategy.
Many organizations offer canoe and kayak workshops and instructions at various times.
Many organizations offer certification.
Many organizations offer classes for toddlers and their parents.
Many organizations offer competitive internships or summer jobs.
Many organizations offer free email.
Many organizations offer grants for technology- find links to available grant programs .
Many organizations offer gun-safety lessons.
Many organizations offer health insurance plans to members.
Many organizations offer help through individual counselling and support groups.
Many organizations offer inducements to get members to join.
Many organizations offer information about support groups, referrals, and new treatments.
Many organizations offer one day courses on using the more popular web editing software.
Many organizations offer opportunities to volunteer abroad.
Many organizations offer people choices in how their personal information is used.
Many organizations offer public service scholarships or links.
Many organizations offer scholarships or loans only to members and their families.
Many organizations offer student membership fees at greatly reduced prices.
Many organizations offer such information free to members and at a nominal fee to nonmembers.
Many organizations offer summer paid internships with early deadlines.
Many organizations offer summer stipends for research .
Many organizations offer swimming lessons for kids.
Many organizations offer their own pick up service.
Many organizations offer training and certification programs for certain specialized services.
Many organizations offer volunteer opportunities for high school and especially college students.
Many organizations only require about a few hours, if any, once a week.
Many organizations operate in a heterogeneous environment.
Many organizations operate without clear organizational structures.
Many organizations overlook the most cost-effective strategies.
Many organizations own Internet domain names that describe the primary services that they offer.
Many organizations pay thousands of dollars to their presidents or leaders.
Many organizations persist in treating hiring as a secret process.
Many organizations play a pivotal role in worker-training programs.
Many organizations post all of their job openings on the Internet.
Many organizations post listings for one year at a time and hire throughout the year.
Many organizations post lists of activities that are appropriate ways to provide support.
Many organizations post their procurement opportunities on the Web.
Many organizations post valuable information as a public service.
Many organizations prefer a complete program approach for their groups.
Many organizations prefer oral reports to written ones.
Many organizations prefer to list their web address instead of sending hard copy materials.
Many organizations prefer to pay via check or purchase order.
Many organizations produce and use such data every day.
Many organizations produce data for internal or external use.
Many organizations produce public service announcements.
Many organizations produce standards with different mandates, authorities, and emphases.
Many organizations promote alcohol free events on and of campus.
Many organizations provide a lower cost membership fee for students and supporters.
Many organizations provide a variety of services, so it is often difficult to categorize resources.
Many organizations provide advisory services and can help obtain loans or venture capital.
Many organizations provide assistance and support to fraud victims.
Many organizations provide canine adoption services.
Many organizations provide data and resources of interest to students of globalization.
Many organizations provide discounts to card holders.
Many organizations provide extensive listings on all aspects of safety.
Many organizations provide free banner advertising on member web sites.
Many organizations provide free screening for the special day.
Many organizations provide indexes and guides to help users find information resources.
Many organizations provide lists of wineries, maps and other visitor information.
Many organizations provide on-going internship programs.
Many organizations provide periodic billing for departmental use of computer systems.
Many organizations provide publications for professionals in the Technical Communication field.
Many organizations provide services across the spectrum of age.
Many organizations provide services across the spectrum of ethnicity.
Many organizations provide services only within a specified geographical area.
Many organizations provide travel assistance to and from treatment appointments.
Many organizations provide U.S. university database searches for free.
Many organizations provide varying levels of access to their administrative tools.
Many organizations publish a web site that supports their business.
Many organizations publish consumer health pamphlets online.
Many organizations publish limited voting records for incumbent candidates.
Many organizations publish names of contributors in their newsletters and annual reports.
Many organizations purchase both the kit and the book.
Many organizations qualify for free, fully-supported site licenses.
Many organizations realize their inefficiencies in managing information.
Many organizations receive consistent support from wealthy donors and large foundations.
Many organizations receive donor-opted monies from around the country.
Many organizations receive support through a planned giving program.
Many organizations recognize the potential benefits that technology can yield.
Many organizations regularly report on the situation of children.
Many organizations reimburse their employees for part or all of their tuition and materials.
Many organizations rely on amicus briefs to promote their legal interpretations and policy views.
Many organizations rely on second, or even third interviews, to make hiring decisions.
Many organizations rely on the energy of college students.
Many organizations rely on the timely reporting of important dosimetry data.
Many organizations repeat identical information on preprinted cards.
Many organizations require a bachelor s degree for potential employees.
Many organizations require a bachelors degree for potential employees.
Many organizations require a resume, even for entry level positions.
Many organizations require a specific form to be used when writing an abstract.
Many organizations require business experience or training.
Many organizations require compensation for on-site interns as a matter of company practice.
Many organizations require complete and accurate records of each business transaction.
Many organizations require specially formatted bar codes which differ from the standard layout.
Many organizations require that a consistent date format be used throughout their environments.
Many organizations research occupational exposures and establish recommended exposure limits.
Many organizations reward competitive behavior among employees.
Many organizations reward employee performance with bonuses, trips, parties, and other incentives.
Many organizations run firewalls in an attempt to secure their network.
Many organizations run production environments that require around the clock operational support.
Many organizations say they've been overwhelmed by public response to the crisis.
Many organizations schedule speakers well in advance, so call or write early.
Many organizations see interns as potential employees.
Many organizations see only the financial benefits of nonprofit and tax-exempt status.
Many organizations see science as a way of reducing litigation.
Many organizations seek generalists rather than specialists when hiring employees.
Many organizations seek out students who have demonstrated leadership experience.
Many organizations seem to devote a tremendous percentage of their resources to fundraising.
Many organizations seem to make the same mistakes over and over again.
Many organizations sell the vehicles as revenue for other programs.
Many organizations send greeting cards and address labels.
Many organizations send out reference materials for their product or service.
Many organizations serve the health care needs of the queer community.
Many organizations share post office boxes.
Many organizations shortchange their internal resources.
Many organizations specialize in developing valuable secondary information.
Many organizations specify age limits for board members, on both ends.
Many organizations spend hours arranging elaborate garage sales, tag sales, candy sales, etc. etc.
Many organizations spend thousands of hours collecting and interpreting data.
Many organizations sponsor an official mentorship program.
Many organizations sponsor fishing tournaments in the off-season.
Many organizations sponsor junior golf activities.
Many organizations sponsor nationwide programs about mental health and mental illness.
Many organizations staff other jobs related to system administration.
Many organizations start a process improvement program and initially establish a meaningful goal.
Many organizations start with a technology and try to adapt it to the market they ve selected.
Many organizations start with the minimum necessary to maintain a presence.
Many organizations still focus only on logistics software and web sites.
Many organizations still take a tactical approach to supply-chain management.
Many organizations stress the importance of decision-making skills when appointing company leaders.
Many organizations submit attachments that stray from the format.
Many organizations suffer from techno- love.
Many organizations suggest using filters.
Many organizations support innovative research that results in services that benefit the public.
Many organizations support our demands.
Many organizations support school programs through fundraising activities.
Many organizations support the colonization of Mars .
Many organizations support the colonization of Mars.
Many organizations support the new guidelines.
Many organizations survey their employees, usually once a year.
Many organizations take an ad hoc approach when designing their network.
Many organizations take part in military parades and special programs.
Many organizations take too narrow a view when implementing reliability programs.
Many organizations testify about a problem.
Many organizations think that if they have an accounting system, they have a budgeting system.
Many organizations track and report on web server security problems, including CGI script holes.
Many organizations track social issues and provide background to support their position.
Many organizations train docents to assist with their programs.
Many organizations train employees in basic skills and forget about ongoing needs.
Many organizations treat leadership as something that is inherent in the individual.
Many organizations treat suppliers with indifference, and often with hostility.
Many organizations try to do too much too fast.
Many organizations try to get their stories and events covered at the same time.
Many organizations turn to outside firms for risk analysis.
Many organizations undervalue the talent they have.
Many organizations upgrade gradually to new applications.
Many organizations upgrade gradually to new programs.
Many organizations use a number of different operating platforms for a variety of reasons.
Many organizations use consultants to do the dirty work during layoffs or cost-cuttings.
Many organizations use different business applications on their computers.
Many organizations use different severity, criticality, or priority definitions.
Many organizations use email exclusively to keep members informed of activities.
Many organizations use firewalls that block streaming media.
Many organizations use generic assessment tools for specific topics.
Many organizations use it in multi-day training and leadership development programs.
Many organizations use labels while converting paper documents to electronic solutions.
Many organizations use multiple systems to manage worker health and safety.
Many organizations use names similar to well-known charities and organizations.
Many organizations use phone books as their national database.
Many organizations use schools, radio and TV to educate teenagers about safe sex and abstinence.
Many organizations use SLAs with their outsourcers and carriers.
Many organizations use telecommuting to attract and retain top talent.
Many organizations use the inventory to help in the selection process.
Many organizations use the workshop as a first step in their intervention process.
Many organizations using volunteers provide on the job training.
Many organizations utilize differing strategies for accomplishing their business goals.
Many organizations utilize special events as a major component of their fundraising efforts.
Many organizations vegetate between meetings.
Many organizations view test automation as means of saving time on manual testing.
Many organizations wonder what an appropriate number of major sections for a site is.
Many organizations work to pass legislation that has an impact on children and families.
Many organizations work to save the elephant from extinction.
More organizations are likely to ask for a share.
More organizations mean more overhead.
Most organizations accomodate airplane renters.
Most organizations act as if all they can do is observe the future as it happens.
Most organizations actually have more than one core competency.
Most organizations address a community of users.
Most organizations adopt methodologies.
Most organizations adopt project management methodologies.
Most organizations adopt protocols.
Most organizations adopt technology.
Most organizations allow internal users such as staff full access without further authentication.
Most organizations already have a capable network infrastructure.
Most organizations already have at least one software cost estimation tool.
Most organizations already have software development methods that can be used for the build options.
Most organizations also accept packaged meat.
Most organizations also have local offices which are listed in the telephone directory.
Most organizations also implement packages that impose a business process or workflow strategy.
Most organizations also provide details on their programs and fundraising activities.
Most organizations archive all e-mail messages that pass through their servers.
Most organizations are a combination of all three.
Most organizations are able to use some measures to show they provide efficient and effective care.
Most organizations are aware of sexual harassment.
Most organizations are better at understanding internal dynamics than external ones.
Most organizations are concerned about the way they appear to the rest of the world.
Most organizations are critically dependent on their cost, benefit, and risk assessment know-how.
Most organizations are data rich and information poor.
Most organizations are far behind Maricopa in trying to construct a values orientation.
Most organizations are flexible with time commitments.
Most organizations are great at celebrating the departure of a beloved co-worker.
Most organizations are happy to share such information because it is extremely positive.
Most organizations are inclined to greet new ideas with scorn, doubt and derision.
Most organizations are mediocre.
Most organizations are of undergraduate membership but many are graduate organizations.
Most organizations are open to all Coastal students.
Most organizations are open to all students.
Most organizations are open to both graduate and undergraduate students.
Most organizations are still here.
Most organizations attempt to form long-lasting relationships with their stakeholders.
Most organizations attract returnees through classes, holiday dinners and socials, and seminars.
Most organizations awarding scholarships require an essay as part of the application process.
Most organizations begin rehearsals during the very first week of the academic quarter.
Most organizations boast quarterly newsletters to members with thee latest information.
Most organizations can dig up the skulls of dead operating systems in data center graveyards.
Most organizations can only accomplish three to seven goals each year.
Most organizations can only deal with one or two major initiatives at a time.
Most organizations can relate similar tales.
Most organizations choose to work with an Internet service provider to host their website.
Most organizations codify the process that's already being used by their best programmers.
Most organizations collect data from a variety of sources, through a variety of means.
Most organizations come to campus during the fall and winter quarters.
Most organizations comprise of individual members.
Most organizations comprise of members.
Most organizations consider communication to be one of their key challenges.
Most organizations consist of a president, vice president, treasurer and secretary.
Most organizations create the enterprise model by combining the logical models of several projects.
Most organizations create values.
Most organizations create workplaces.
Most organizations deal with issues.
Most organizations dedicate to development.
Most organizations dedicate to principles.
Most organizations derive a major portion of their revenue from season tickets.
Most organizations designate a nominating committee to recruit and select new members.
Most organizations designate a small elected group to control the affairs of the association.
Most organizations develop infrastructures.
Most organizations develop pictures.
Most organizations develop policies.
Most organizations develop recommendations.
Most organizations divide their networks into subnets, or networks within networks.
Most organizations do claim they systematically appraise performances.
Most organizations do some kind of long-range or strategic planning.
Most organizations do.
Most organizations don t give it much thought until something starts going wrong.
Most organizations employ more than one person, so interaction with other employees is likely.
Most organizations encourage proposers to talk to the responsible person.
Most organizations end up seeking participation of people in their programs and visions.
Most organizations enter decline phases.
Most organizations enter phases.
Most organizations enthusiastically accept volunteers.
Most organizations equate employee development with classroom training.
Most organizations establish more direct ways of gathering customer satisfaction indicators.
Most organizations estimate cost.
Most organizations expect their documents to look a certain way.
Most organizations explicitly state their goal.
Most organizations fall short when they try to reinvent themselves as learning organizations.
Most organizations fall somewhere between the extremes.
Most organizations find that the challenge of building a house brings the group closer together.
Most organizations find the job of maintaining a computer network to be a difficult task.
Most organizations find themselves caught in a dilemma.
Most organizations focus on address environmental issues.
Most organizations focus on address issues.
Most organizations focus on environmental issues.
Most organizations focus on goals.
Most organizations focus on growth.
Most organizations focus on issues.
Most organizations form their protection strategies by focusing solely on infrastructure weaknesses.
Most organizations function along a military structure.
Most organizations generally have their own performance appraisal process.
Most organizations generate or receive information daily in a variety of forms.
Most organizations get their economies of scale from driving toward standardization.
Most organizations give students a raise each time they return for subsequent work assignments.
Most organizations have a combination of purchased application packages and in-house development.
Most organizations have a detailed evaluation process.
Most organizations have a good deal of undocumented data in their organization.
Most organizations have a human subject committee that reviews all proposed research.
Most organizations have a large investment in systems that have been built up over the years.
Most organizations have a large number of processes and outputs.
Most organizations have a limited insurance budget.
Most organizations have a local mail server that is up and reachable all of the time.
Most organizations have a mix of computers from a wide variety of vendors.
Most organizations have a probationary period at the beginning of the employment relationship.
Most organizations have a process for ensuring the efficient use of their practical resources.
Most organizations have a serial bully.
Most organizations have a staff member assigned to direct or coordinate their volunteers.
Most organizations have a standard form used for all employees.
Most organizations have a statement that reflects the values and goals of the organization.
Most organizations have a web site, as do many professional associations.
Most organizations have access to essentially the same equipment, technology, and facilities.
Most organizations have advisory boards comprised of volunteers.
Most organizations have an automatic overhead percentage that is charged to all projects.
Most organizations have at least one person who is a natural leader.
Most organizations have at least two levels of security management.
Most organizations have behavior.
Most organizations have business processes already in place to handle various types of changes.
Most organizations have code of ethics.
Most organizations have departments.
Most organizations have different lists within their constituent management system.
Most organizations have different routers doing different tasks.
Most organizations have disaster plans to be implemented in the case of fire or natural disaster.
Most organizations have flexibility.
Most organizations have four types of users for performance information.
Most organizations have impact.
Most organizations have legacy documents and Web pages they want to integrate for e-commerce.
Most organizations have lots of high achievers.
Most organizations have machines.
Most organizations have management.
Most organizations have many more networks than registered network numbers.
Most organizations have maximum flexibility.
Most organizations have mission statements.
Most organizations have national and regional meetings or conferences once or twice a year.
Most organizations have newsletters to keep their membership informed on organizational activities.
Most organizations have organization structures.
Most organizations have organizations.
Most organizations have practical impact.
Most organizations have programmers who take care of the programming issues.
Most organizations have record archives.
Most organizations have relatively few top management positions.
Most organizations have representatives.
Most organizations have resources.
Most organizations have sites.
Most organizations have some degree of system in place.
Most organizations have some form of both centralized and decentralized authority.
Most organizations have some form of competition .
Most organizations have some sort of mushers meeting.
Most organizations have staff.
Most organizations have state and local chapters, which deal with lobbying in their area.
Most organizations have strategic planning processes of some sort.
Most organizations have strategies.
Most organizations have structures.
Most organizations have such a person.
Most organizations have such groups and they are hard to avoid.
Most organizations have the capacity and ability to monitor employee use of the Internet.
Most organizations have the right marketing talent for present-day profits.
Most organizations have their computing equipment connected to the Internet.
Most organizations have their own pages to describe themselves and their activites.
Most organizations have their own share of local-area networks.
Most organizations have three to five core values.
Most organizations have too many power mongers.
Most organizations have too much content.
Most organizations have tools.
Most organizations have two paths.
Most organizations have Web sites that are full of useful information and professional guidance.
Most organizations have web sites which are linked directly to the Career Development Home Page.
Most organizations have web sites.
Most organizations have websites.
Most organizations have women.
Most organizations have yet to rearrange their machines and re-design their work flows.
Most organizations help companies.
Most organizations hire their employees straight from school.
Most organizations hold conferences.
Most organizations hold global conferences.
Most organizations hold monthly meetings throughout the school year.
Most organizations hold their own free classes.
Most organizations ignore side two of their business cards.
Most organizations ignore the seemingly harmless non-threatening scans circulating on the Internet.
Most organizations invest their efforts in helping the downsized employees move on.
Most organizations keep the display for up to two weeks.
Most organizations launch into intranet design with company goals as the focus.
Most organizations look for innovative ways.
Most organizations look for people who take initiative.
Most organizations look for powerful ways.
Most organizations look for ways.
Most organizations lose members.
Most organizations maintain administrators.
Most organizations maintain roles.
Most organizations make decisions.
Most organizations make differences.
Most organizations make final selections.
Most organizations make it mandatory to attend a rules interpretation meeting.
Most organizations make recommendations.
Most organizations make selections.
Most organizations make severance payments through either salary continuation or a lump sum.
Most organizations make the mistake of thinking that in times of change it is useless to plan.
Most organizations make use of a mix of flexible practices.
Most organizations mandate things too quickly.
Most organizations measure different risks using different tools.
Most organizations monitor and tune the performance of their IT infrastructure.
Most organizations monitor extraterrestrial interaction.
Most organizations monitor interaction.
Most organizations now incorporate a formal appraisal system in their plan.
Most organizations offer benefits.
Most organizations offer considerable opportunity.
Most organizations offer contract opportunity.
Most organizations offer custom designs.
Most organizations offer designs.
Most organizations offer educational opportunity.
Most organizations offer employees.
Most organizations offer opportunity.
Most organizations offer reduced fees to students.
Most organizations offer services.
Most organizations operate centers.
Most organizations operate from convenience of time, habit, and risk-aversion perspectives.
Most organizations operate in environments.
Most organizations operate in regions.
Most organizations operate throughout the academic year.
Most organizations pass through the simple structure in their formative years.
Most organizations pay all travel expenses, including airfare or mileage.
Most organizations pay all travel expenses.
Most organizations perform some sort of strategic or executive planning.
Most organizations post information about their intern programs on their website.
Most organizations prefer to err on the side of caution.
Most organizations promote ideas.
Most organizations provide additional information.
Most organizations provide assistance.
Most organizations provide case management.
Most organizations provide competitive positions.
Most organizations provide counsel services.
Most organizations provide environments.
Most organizations provide housing and meals during the time spend helping out.
Most organizations provide information.
Most organizations provide management.
Most organizations provide positions.
Most organizations provide services.
Most organizations provide social services.
Most organizations provide taxonomic information.
Most organizations provide walk-in and telephone consulting.
Most organizations pursue goals.
Most organizations realize that computer technology is now essential for their work.
Most organizations receiving financial assistance are small, grassroots organizations.
Most organizations regularly communicate with consumers in the marketplace.
Most organizations rely on a variety of computer platforms to get work done.
Most organizations rely on file servers to store critical institutional data.
Most organizations rely on knowledge.
Most organizations rely on leaders.
Most organizations rely on their sales staff to play the role of the liaison.
Most organizations rely on traditional leaders.
Most organizations remain in the early stages of developing the capacity for biotechnology research.
Most organizations report and manage averages.
Most organizations represent employees.
Most organizations represented are large firms and large government agencies.
Most organizations require a bachelor's degree for both specialist and generalist positions.
Most organizations require athletes to be drug free for at least one year.
Most organizations require attention.
Most organizations require daily backup of the data stored on a server s hard drives.
Most organizations require membership dues.
Most organizations rise in a rising market.
Most organizations save the material.
Most organizations say they want to focus on satisfying the needs of their customers.
Most organizations select an auditor prior to the end of their fiscal year.
Most organizations select vertical, rather than horizontal cuts.
Most organizations sell the vehicles and use the proceeds to fund programs.
Most organizations serve communities.
Most organizations serve customers.
Most organizations serve families.
Most organizations show evolutionary variation.
Most organizations show variation.
Most organizations slow the pace of activities as the holiday season approaches.
Most organizations solicit new members at the beginning of the semester.
Most organizations speak openly and frequently about quality service and customer satisfaction.
Most organizations still operate separate voice and data networks.
Most organizations store essential documents in a variety of file formats.
Most organizations strive to hire a diverse group of consultants, from all sizes of chapters.
Most organizations support development teams.
Most organizations support effort.
Most organizations support hunger relief effort.
Most organizations support local hunger relief effort.
Most organizations support supervision.
Most organizations sweat and pray for greater public involvement in their cause.
Most organizations take responsibility.
Most organizations tie competence assessment in with their annual performance review.
Most organizations track software defects and changes via a defect or change report.
Most organizations try to simplify and streamline.
Most organizations turn to computer support staff as troubleshooters only.
Most organizations turn to systems management software to help out.
Most organizations underestimate the time and costs it takes to implement messaging migration.
Most organizations understand that service is a hard thing to do.
Most organizations understand the value of integrating information resources.
Most organizations use a five-year timeframe for developing, measuring, and achieving their goals.
Most organizations use a nominating committee.
Most organizations use an outside caterer for campus events.
Most organizations use anti-virus software, at least on desktop machines.
Most organizations use computers for operations, control and planning, and for office automation.
Most organizations use designs that are hybrids of the organization designs discussed above.
Most organizations use four kinds of resources.
Most organizations use information technology to achieve competitive advantages in the marketplace.
Most organizations use information.
Most organizations use it, and it permits quick and unintrusive information transfer.
Most organizations use professional buyers who are trained to make purchases.
Most organizations use strategies.
Most organizations use structures.
Most organizations use their data in operational as well as decision-making processing.
Most organizations use three years.
Most organizations utilize contingency plans to prepare for emergencies.
Most organizations utilize only a small proportion of their employees' abilities.
Most organizations welcome a team player.
Most organizations work for years.
Most organizations work with niche groups.
Most organizations work with universities.
Some organizations always seem to pick winners.
Some organization achieve diversity as the result of a chance o ccurrence.
Some organization exists.
Some organization has to take the blame for such serious lapses.
Some organization needs to define the components of an effective electronic audit trail.
Some organizations add file servers.
Some organizations add servers.
Some organizations adopt a slow pace with system migration, working out issues of coexistence.
Some organizations adopt a slow pace with system migrations, working out issues of coexistence.
Some organizations allocate net assets to particular funds, as follows.
Some organizations allow a limited number of outsiders limited access to their intranet.
Some organizations allow access to internships and lifelong networking opportunities.
Some organizations allow businesses that have met their standards to display their logos.
Some organizations allow only members to submit articles, etc.
Some organizations already have or are planning to develop endowments.
Some organizations also administer tests or give tours.
Some organizations also are open to non-students.
Some organizations also have regional offices and web sites.
Some organizations also provide subscription services and provide copies of the standards.
Some organizations also state the values that guide their work.
Some organizations also take volunteers.
Some organizations appear in other sections of the text.
Some organizations appear to have lost sight of that.
Some organizations apply each quarter based on the programming needs of their group.
Some organizations are able to turn the staffing crisis into a strategic advantage.
Some organizations are close to eradicating paper from their administrative offices.
Some organizations are devoted to short-term gains.
Some organizations are excellent resources and others are biased.
Some organizations are found by presidents.
Some organizations are grassroots with local focus while others are international concerns in scope.
Some organizations are interested in financing only local ministries.
Some organizations are interested in only one portion of the overall plan.
Some organizations are irrationally paranoid when it comes to the Internet.
Some organizations are just curious.
Some organizations are more effective at reaching their conservation goals than others.
Some organizations are more efficient than others.
Some organizations are more strict than others.
Some organizations are more versatile than others.
Some organizations are very organized.
Some organizations are willing to do just that.
Some organizations are willing to make the effort.
Some organizations are willing to share data and discuss their practices.
Some organizations are.
Some organizations arrange meetings with local people.
Some organizations arrange special holidays for people with dementia and their caregivers.
Some organizations ask for references.
Some organizations assign marketing functions to a public relations office or vice versa .
Some organizations assign responsibility for construction projects to the purchasing department.
Some organizations attempt to define a middle ground.
Some organizations build cases.
Some organizations build every week, rather than every day.
Some organizations build solid business cases.
Some organizations call requisitions purchase authorizations.
Some organizations can exaggerate their on-line presence, and the numbers of graduates they have.
Some organizations can place a link to their site for free.
Some organizations can use software designed for households or small businesses.
Some organizations change the name of what they're doing, but they go on doing the same old things.
Some organizations charge fees or membership dues for their services, others ask for donations.
Some organizations charge for their information.
Some organizations charge subscription fees.
Some organizations charge thousands of dollars for similar results.
Some organizations choose to collect both food and money.
Some organizations choose to handle their fundraiser utilizing our wholesale program and pricing.
Some organizations choose to pay for additional weeks.
Some organizations choose to print the features with a laser printer.
Some organizations choose to use a combination of tools.
Some organizations claim that diesel exhaust is a carcinogen.
Some organizations collect and publish student writing and art work electronically.
Some organizations collect data regarding incidents from multiple sources.
Some organizations combine all three classes.
Some organizations comprise nations.
Some organizations conduct a formal vendor analysis , rating each supplier's performance.
Some organizations conduct education.
Some organizations conduct public education.
Some organizations connect their intranets through private networks, at great cost.
Some organizations consider child abuse to be solely a societal phenomenon beyond their control.
Some organizations consist of experts.
Some organizations consist of individuals.
Some organizations continue to use brokers, while others opt to leap directly into full integration.
Some organizations convert their data using internal resources.
Some organizations coordinate applications.
Some organizations coordinate defense.
Some organizations create examples.
Some organizations create maps.
Some organizations create parks.
Some organizations create teams of professionals and managerial employees.
Some organizations deal with death.
Some organizations deal with infant death.
Some organizations decide to auction off themselves to do daily chores for the highest bidder.
Some organizations dedicate to bird conservation.
Some organizations dedicate to conservation.
Some organizations dedicate to education.
Some organizations dedicate to nutrition.
Some organizations dedicate to preservation.
Some organizations dedicate to sea turtle conservation.
Some organizations define animal welfare as guaranteeing the health and well-being of animals.
Some organizations develop only annual work plans and are successful in their work.
Some organizations didn t make it.
Some organizations do an educational package.
Some organizations do better than others at change.
Some organizations do both.
Some organizations do have age restrictions on some of their volunteer positions.
Some organizations do permit non-members to apply for their scholarships.
Some organizations employ historians.
Some organizations employ the assistance of professional development consulting firms.
Some organizations encourage adults.
Some organizations encourage healthy adults.
Some organizations endorse goals that assume inclusion is a given.
Some organizations even discuss the demographics of their membership.
Some organizations even get the homeless involved in lobbying efforts.
Some organizations even have web sites.
Some organizations even offer special classes on various gardening-related topics.
Some organizations exist that offer Internet access to the general public.
Some organizations face battles.
Some organizations face major changes in mission, budget, or technology.
Some organizations face the prospect of integrating disparate print publishing workflows.
Some organizations face uphill battles.
Some organizations feel the answer to that million-dollar question is managing diversity.
Some organizations find it worthwhile to work with firms that specialize in equipment disposition.
Some organizations find themselves improperly staffed for critical initiatives.
Some organizations focus more on right wing political groups than on right wing religiou s groups.
Some organizations focus more on right wing political groups than on right wing religious groups.
Some organizations focus on conservation efforts, habitat protection, and the study of birds.
Some organizations focus on danger.
Some organizations focus on evidence.
Some organizations focus on harmonious feelings.
Some organizations focus on health.
Some organizations follow strategies.
Some organizations gather relief supplies only.
Some organizations geocode the addresses as they are entered.
Some organizations get offers.
Some organizations get permission.
Some organizations get very defensive if they are asked about their child abuse problem.
Some organizations give college scholarships as early as junior high school.
Some organizations give out favors or rank for money.
Some organizations give to several different charities instead of just one.
Some organizations give, sell, trade, or lend lists of their members to others.
Some organizations go away on weekend camping trips or have barbeques.
Some organizations go from change to change making the same mistakes.
Some organizations go further.
Some organizations have a combination of plans.
Some organizations have a fairly well organized booster club that always needs volunteer help.
Some organizations have a more cutting-edge or forward thinking philosophy than others do.
Some organizations have a policy of blocking NNTP access at the firewall.
Some organizations have a policy that says only the boss can talk to reporters.
Some organizations have a separate audit committee.
Some organizations have a speaker, film, or other educational or cultural program.
Some organizations have a spectacular mortality rate, particularly on management levels.
Some organizations have a very supportive attitude towards part-time.
Some organizations have an apprenticeship program where the workers can progress at their own rate.
Some organizations have antifraternization rules.
Some organizations have barbecues and family events, such as bowling and ice skating.
Some organizations have breeds.
Some organizations have channels that they can use all the time.
Some organizations have characteristics which other organizations lack.
Some organizations have control files on shoplifter who have been caught.
Some organizations have control files on shoplifters who have been caught.
Some organizations have difficulty.
Some organizations have firm goals and objectives they want their marketing efforts to help reach.
Some organizations have five farms in Class A and Rookie, while others get by with three.
Some organizations have graduates.
Some organizations have great difficulty.
Some organizations have humor rooms, places where employees can go to laugh together.
Some organizations have infrequent integrations which reflect large changes.
Some organizations have internship programs set up or are willing to create an internship.
Some organizations have legal obligations to safeguard certain items of information.
Some organizations have local or domestic offices which do all the hiring.
Some organizations have millions of customers while others have few or even only one.
Some organizations have more cats than they have foster homes.
Some organizations have no formal policies or guidelines for employee access to the Internet.
Some organizations have old slow computers designated as anti-virus checkers in each work area.
Some organizations have open membership, while others are by invitation.
Some organizations have other terms for product line.
Some organizations have policies and procedures regarding the creation and use of records.
Some organizations have separate databases.
Some organizations have specific days for drop-ins at the personnel office.
Some organizations have student rates.
Some organizations have summer seasons, or produce special festivals that run for a shorter time.
Some organizations have the expertise and capabilities to manage their own firewalls.
Some organizations have the pendulum swing the other way.
Some organizations have their own selfish reasons to push one agenda or another.
Some organizations have traditions relating to specific activities such as camping or sports.
Some organizations have unattractive workplaces or offer low wages.
Some organizations have well-aligned executive teams.
Some organizations have yet to put real pressure on suppliers.
Some organizations help animals.
Some organizations help arrange alternative housing.
Some organizations help elephants.
Some organizations help homeowners.
Some organizations help patients.
Some organizations help tourism.
Some organizations hold special auditions for summer camp scholarships.
Some organizations hold their members to a higher academic average.
Some organizations host an information session the evening before their interview date.
Some organizations install boxes.
Some organizations install nest boxes.
Some organizations involve in conservation.
Some organizations involve in rhino conservation.
Some organizations issue monthly newsletters.
Some organizations issue newsletters.
Some organizations issue policy statements.
Some organizations just open themselves to criticism, no matter how minute and trivial.
Some organizations lack even a part-time marketing staff.
Some organizations launch process improvement initiatives for the wrong reasons.
Some organizations leave the decision about how to vote up to an investment manager.
Some organizations like to provide discounted services as part of their benefit package.
Some organizations link management salary increases to patient satisfaction scores.
Some organizations listed below have specific political agendas.
Some organizations look for people all year round.
Some organizations lose customer loyalty by sacrificing quality for cost containment.
Some organizations love art too much to stick to one form.
Some organizations mail postcards to donors before calling.
Some organizations maintain a call log to spot questions trends.
Some organizations maintain a common set of development tools or environments.
Some organizations maintain base stations for post-processing and are willing to share the data.
Some organizations maintain classrooms.
Some organizations maintain individual Web sites.
Some organizations maintain market positions.
Some organizations maintain online directories of employees, students, or members.
Some organizations maintain positions.
Some organizations make a subset of their knowledge base available to the user community.
Some organizations make awards of varying amounts, others provide fixed amounts.
Some organizations make effort.
Some organizations make the changes to their web site themselves.
Some organizations offer assistance.
Some organizations offer both types of care in continuing care communities .
Some organizations offer childcare reimbursement or day care facilities on site.
Some organizations offer courses at no fee or for a very reasonable cost.
Some organizations offer fee-based services, that is to say they charge for services.
Some organizations offer financial assistance.
Some organizations offer lower fees to member institutions.
Some organizations offer more than one type of funding.
Some organizations offer scholarships and grants to outstanding students. .
Some organizations offer scholarships and grants to outstanding students.
Some organizations offer status.
Some organizations offer temporary housing, airport pick-up, new student picnic or other event, etc.
Some organizations offer their members prepaid legal plans .
Some organizations offer therapy.
Some organizations offer tips.
Some organizations offer tuition reimbursement.
Some organizations offer values.
Some organizations offer volunteer public participation in worldwide research expeditions.
Some organizations offer wilderness first-aid courses targeted to outdoors enthusiasts.
Some organizations offer written materials, counseling, referrals or recorded information.
Some organizations only certify or register their own members.
Some organizations open up applications as soon as they are received.
Some organizations operate virtual trade shows, an attempt to replicate trade shows on the Internet.
Some organizations opt to provide just the work-term to a partnered student.
Some organizations participate more frequently, others less.
Some organizations pay their employees a cash bonus for recommending applicants who get hired.
Some organizations pay women.
Some organizations perform a sermon before food can be distributed.
Some organizations perform selections.
Some organizations place ads in newspapers and trade journals.
Some organizations place the burden of sample control back on the pharmaceutical representative.
Some organizations plan with only the top executives then communicate the desired plan downward.
Some organizations post ads offering money to women willing to undergo the procedure.
Some organizations prefer customized certification.
Some organizations prefer the use of tone bursts instead of clicks to enhance accuracy.
Some organizations prefer to review written recommendations instead of calling references.
Some organizations prefer to sponsor groups from one community, while others accept individuals.
Some organizations pre-select the winner.
Some organizations promote care.
Some organizations promote health care.
Some organizations promote treatments.
Some organizations protect big cats.
Some organizations protect cats.
Some organizations provide an enormous universal benefit in their work.
Some organizations provide care.
Some organizations provide communities.
Some organizations provide counseling services on a sliding fee scale.
Some organizations provide coverage to protect their investments from unforeseen situations.
Some organizations provide defense.
Some organizations provide effective defense.
Some organizations provide free web publishing space.
Some organizations provide health.
Some organizations provide horses.
Some organizations provide information through finger.
Some organizations provide materials.
Some organizations provide mediators who work as volunteers.
Some organizations provide medical and health information to the public.
Some organizations provide orange vests or unique T-shirts to participants.
Some organizations provide paths.
Some organizations provide relate materials.
Some organizations provide scholarships to help pay for flying lessons.
Some organizations provide their own membership cards.
Some organizations provide trains.
Some organizations provide unrestricted funding and allow investees to identify needs.
Some organizations publish a membership list along with relevant biographical data on their members.
Some organizations publish their own proprietary measures of risk.
Some organizations react to the changing environment by implementing changes in their structure.
Some organizations receive mail for multiple domains.
Some organizations receive services and are billed as auxiliary accounts.
Some organizations recommend the pocket thaw for straws.
Some organizations report even higher rates.
Some organizations represent organizations.
Some organizations require a daily hour or two of individual or team sports.
Some organizations require a fee which is a kind of donation to participate in their projects.
Some organizations require a higher GPA for membership.
Some organizations require all job hunters to complete a standardized form.
Some organizations require an hour or two of individual or team sports daily.
Some organizations require authentication for outbound traffic.
Some organizations require degrees.
Some organizations require members to pay yearly or semesterly dues in support of the group.
Some organizations require more convincing than others.
Some organizations require open source.
Some organizations require prospective members to attain a minimum grade point average.
Some organizations require students to be currently involved in the subject area academically.
Some organizations require that notices about elections be mailed prior to the election.
Some organizations require that the presentation or an outline be provided in advance.
Some organizations require that their easements be endowed.
Some organizations require the signing of a contract.
Some organizations require volunteers to be a certain age.
Some organizations require volunteers to be of a minimum age in order to work at disaster sites.
Some organizations reserve telecommuting for non-union personnel only.
Some organizations restrict membership to students in that major.
Some organizations result in death.
Some organizations review sites for free before people have to make any payment.
Some organizations route incident reports through the help desk.
Some organizations routinely do bystander training with respect to safety issues.
Some organizations rule out cultural competency because they consider it too expensive.
Some organizations say their legitimate messages are being blocked by crude antispam tools.
Some organizations schedule both information sessions and interviews.
Some organizations seem to want to be an ultimate authority on dreams and dream interpretation etc.
Some organizations select students to join, others are open to all.
Some organizations sell cookies and candy bars to raise money.
Some organizations sell or donate old computers to their employees.
Some organizations send fundraising materials that look like actual bills.
Some organizations send out information packages on request.
Some organizations send representatives to the parent teacher association meetings.
Some organizations separate the evaluations by six months.
Some organizations serve a limited geographic area.
Some organizations serve business.
Some organizations serve games.
Some organizations share beliefs.
Some organizations share cookies with other organizations.
Some organizations share same beliefs.
Some organizations skip the planning part and think that random testing takes less time.
Some organizations specialize in adult camp experiences.
Some organizations specialize in southern style.
Some organizations specialize in style.
Some organizations specialize in supplying on-field care for missionaries.
Some organizations spend tens of thousands of dollars a year to feed hundreds of deer each winter.
Some organizations step over the line.
Some organizations submit applications.
Some organizations submit assistance.
Some organizations submit request assistance.
Some organizations support chefs.
Some organizations support conservation.
Some organizations support education.
Some organizations support personal chefs.
Some organizations take great care in laying out resource plans.
Some organizations take too narrow a view of their role.
Some organizations take weeks or months to make decisions about whom they wish to interview.
Some organizations target AGMs vigorously.
Some organizations thrive on a mixed operating system environment.
Some organizations try more.
Some organizations try to offer solutions .
Some organizations use a combination of contract and public programs.
Some organizations use a firewall system or proxy server to access the Internet.
Some organizations use a traffic-light method to help make project decisions.
Some organizations use a two-tiered approach to corrective and preventive actions.
Some organizations use an intranet to store and distribute software and data.
Some organizations use bar code labels, which can save money in data-entry labor.
Some organizations use computer-based training in conjunction with live training.
Some organizations use dues to provide funds.
Some organizations use it for developing their own performance measurement systems.
Some organizations use legitimate legal and political practices to sway public opinion.
Some organizations use moderate tactics.
Some organizations use performance measures specifically to cut costs.
Some organizations use public IDs.
Some organizations use software.
Some organizations use standard templates.
Some organizations use syndication technology to scatter stories all over the net.
Some organizations use templates.
Some organizations use the black flag to order drivers to slow down and proceed to the pits.
Some organizations use the home as a base of operations for community access activities.
Some organizations use the list's indicators as benchmarks to help set direction.
Some organizations use the registration process as an opportunity to improve their quality systems.
Some organizations use their help desk as the point of contact for a potential incident.
Some organizations use their pool of interns to select full-time employees.
Some organizations use their training budgets and charge a nominal fee or no fee.
Some organizations use training companies so that more people learn the skills in parallel.
Some organizations vary the pricing method from job to job.
Some organizations walk a tightrope without the benefit of a safety net.
Some organizations work directly with parents to build their skills and leadership.
Some organizations work harder than others to establish personal relationships with donors.
Some organizations work on land or water issues throughout the entire watershed.
Some organizations work to change the social conditions of minority groups.
Some organizations work to health.
Some organizations work with athletes.
Some organizations work with companies in the community or host community activities.
Some organizations work with farmers.
Some organizations work with gorillas.
Some organizations work with high school athletes.
Some organizations work with school athletes.
Organizational ability is the key to a successful grocery shopping service.
Organizational activity is crucial in a highly developed society.
Organizational advisors are responsible for monitoring necessary clean up.
Organizational affiliation is often a means by which to carry out a personal mission.
Organizational affiliations are optional. .
Organizational alignment minimizes overhead costs.
Organizational alignment reflects best practices in government and in the private sector.
Organizational analysis aims at creating an application-pull situation.
Organizational analysis is important to assessing and maintaining competitiveness.
Some organizational approaches have advantage.
Organizational architecture is as important as technical architecture.
Organizational assessment is a complex social process, intertwined with organizational politics.
Organizational associations are another good resource.
Organizational auspices vary.
Organizational awareness comes from a range of sources from intuitive perception to factual data.
Organizational barriers inhibit innovation.
Organizational behavior can prove stubbornly resistant to change.
Organizational behavior focuses on the recurring patterns of behavior.
Organizational behavior focuses on two major areas.
Organizational behavior involves the application of psychology to the work environment.
Organizational behavior is the study of individuals and groups in organizations.
Organizational behavior is the study of people working in groups.
Organizational behavior is the study of the actions of people at work.
Organizational behavior is theoretical and micro-oriented.
Organizational behavior recognizes the complexity of human behavior in organizational settings.
Organizational behavior tries to help managers and supervisors in many ways.
Organizational bonds cover all wells, both active and inactive, held by the bond holder.
Organizational boundaries are as easy to reconstruct as an e-mail list.
Organizational boundaries are what keep work from flowing smoothly.
Organizational boxes shown in white identify the primary radiation protection offices.
Organizational budgets are due near the beginning of each semester.
Most organizational business is taken care of through e-mail communication.
Organizational buyers are usually less emotional in their buying behavior than are final consumers.
Organizational capabilities play a key role in developing and updating the capability pool.
Organizational capacity is linked to citizen involvement.
Organizational capacity is the compatriot of technological capacity.
Organizational capacity is thus one of the key components of a firm's competitiveness.
Organizational capital is truly valuable only when it is expensive or impossible to copy.
Organizational case studies a .
Organizational change backs innovation.
Organizational change carries with it an element of uncertainty and threat for each individual.
Organizational change involves people.
Organizational change is a double-edged management tool.
Organizational change is a shift in the processes underway in a corporation.
Organizational change is a slow and often discontinuous process in a complex organization.
Organizational change is about changing each individual, one at a time.
Organizational change is complex and time-consuming, especially for universities.
Organizational change is difficult, but creative leaders blend inspiration and provocation.
Organizational change is difficult.
Organizational change is never easy or fast.
Organizational change is often disruptive.
Organizational change is rapid and dramatic.
Organizational change is really about people change.
Organizational change is slow, uphill and unpredictable.
Organizational changes can help in getting that message across.
Organizational changes go much deeper of course.
Organizational changes occur in the administration tables.
Most organizational changes can make or break a company's future success.
Organizational characteristics are a resource and include more than culture.
Organizational chart needs to be added to identify departments, structure, and purpose.
Organizational chart shows all employees.
Organizational charts are very helpful.
Organizational charts explain the structures of that governance.
Organizational charts give people some idea of who makes which decisions.
Organizational charts imply that companies function vertically.
Organizational charts provide a visual presentation of lines of authority.
Organizational charts rule the workplace.
Organizational climate affects staff behaviour and compatability.
Organizational climate affects staff behaviour and compatibility.
Organizational closure is insufficient to discharge liabilities.
Organizational clothing has special considerations, and is discussed in detail below.
Organizational commitment is also crucial for the effectiveness of training.
Organizational commitment is the final stage.
Organizational communication can flow in different directions.
Organizational communication focuses on communication in the workplace.
Organizational communication focuses on communication within an organization.
Organizational communication focuses on large group dynamics.
Organizational communication focuses on the nature of communication in the workplace.
Organizational communication is investigated through examining symbol-using systems.
Organizational compartments feature laptops.
Organizational compartments feature pad laptops.
Most organizational compartments feature pad laptops.
Organizational complexity offers a rich playing field.
All organizational components converge and participate.
Organizational conduct is governed by the Student Conduct Code.
Organizational conflict fits well with the interests of most of our students.
Organizational consciousness is required to create learning organizations.
Organizational continuity is the greatest priority for the survival of any business.
Organizational control appears to be related to organizational satisfaction.
Organizational control limits the range of what the audience sees through the media.
Organizational corruption is rampant.
Organizational costs are subject to restrictions described elsewhere.
Organizational culture affects how a job is performed within an organization.
Organizational culture can be different in different parts of the organization.
Organizational culture can serve to constrain and control employee behavior.
Organizational culture encourages development.
Organizational culture ensures that innovation is pushed to the fringes of the business.
Organizational culture holds the key to the long-term success of diversity efforts.
Organizational culture is a descriptive term.
Organizational culture is a mirror of what people see as the core values of the organization.
Organizational culture is a set of shared beliefs, values, and norms that inform or shape behavior.
Organizational culture is a slithery construct, difficult to operationalize.
Organizational culture is also critical to collaborative efforts.
Organizational culture is depicted via both anthropological approaches and management approaches.
Organizational culture is language, dress style, rituals, and values.
Organizational culture is the back bone of a organzitation.
Organizational culture is the heart of the organization in it self.
Organizational culture is the normal way that business is being done.
Organizational culture is the personality or basic being of the company.
Organizational culture is the way business is done in an organization.
Organizational culture is unique to each organization.
Organizational culture is very difficult to change.
Organizational culture is what binds individuals together into highly effective teams.
Organizational culture is what holds everything together.
Organizational culture plays a key role in finding and keeping great employees.
Most organizational culture encourages development.
Organizational customers are also concerned with value.
Many organizational defendants lack the ability to pay restitution.
Organizational definition is more than a mission statement.
Organizational design can be another problem.
Organizational design can mitigate risk.
Organizational details are situation-specific.
Organizational determination needs to exist in order to truly provide for fault tolerance.
Organizational development covers elements of organizational changes and the role of change agents.
Organizational development is a high priority.
Organizational development is a never-ending process.
Organizational development is overall the working toward the improvement of an organization.
Organizational development represents an investment in human potential.
Organizational diagrams show relative positions, roles and responsibilities within an organization.
Organizational differences contribute to the lack of mobility.
Organizational dimension consists of support and infrastructure.
Organizational directories are another source of email addresses.
Organizational dynamics have to be taken into account when designing an ethics framework.
Organizational ecology provides a way to apply chaos theory to the study of social systems.
Organizational effectiveness increases efficiency and productivity.
Organizational effectiveness involves interpersonal communication.
Organizational effectiveness is central to accomplishing their mission.
Organizational effectiveness is contingent upon people performance.
Organizational effectiveness is the most fundamental and critical issue in organizations.
Organizational efforts can take many forms.
Organizational elements serve to divide a large space into a number of smaller, connected parts.
Organizational emphasis focuses upon the creator of any set of documents.
Organizational ethics sees an organization as a community to be valued and explored.
Organizational events combine and recombine as well.
All organizational expenses are bourne by the volunteers.
Many organizational experts recommend making some type of list with similar items placed together.
Organizational facilitators can help users conceive their own intranet applications.
Organizational factors contribute as well.
Organizational forms are older than the pyramids and found all across the globe.
Any organizational function requires planning, organizing, leadership and control.
Organizational goals become real to the employee.
Organizational goals Develop and encourage personnel.
Organizational goals target new markets, lines of businesses and customers.
Organizational goals vary.
Organizational group is formed by interested parties in the community.
Some organizational growth has obvious upside.
Some organizational growth has upside.
Some organizational growth requires decisions.
Some organizational growth requires difficult decisions.
Organizational health is a core value of healthy organizations.
Organizational height is the number of layers, or levels, of management in a firm.
Organizational ideas are welcome.
Organizational impact is maximized when a three-step experiential learning model is used.
Organizational independence is essential to our office.
Organizational inertia describes the basic organizational attitude toward change.
Organizational information is available in six languages.
Much organizational information is public, as with annual reports and public relations materials.
All organizational initiatives take energy.
Organizational innovation contributes to growth.
Organizational innovation contributes to productivity growth.
Most organizational innovation contributes to productivity growth.
Most organizational innovations are in response to changes in the organization s environment.
Organizational insurance is never sexy, but it's never a bad idea either.
Organizational integration is needed in order to implement the information integration.
Organizational integration is the degree of interdepartmental cooperation within a corporation.
Organizational integrity is the end sought.
Organizational integrity is ultimately tribe-like, but it is a tribe that learns.
Organizational issues are huge barriers to implementing technology.
Organizational knowing is contested .
Organizational knowing is pragmatic .
Organizational knowing is provisional .
Organizational knowing is situated .
Organizational leaders lead large organizations, usually brigade-sized and larger.
Organizational leadership draws on disciplines including business, history and literature.
Organizational leadership focuses on transforming possibly more than one environment.
Organizational leadership is a concept best learned through experience.
Organizational leadership is one of the most widely researched topics in organizational psychology.
Organizational leadership matters most during a period of stress and uncertainty.
Some organizational leagues donate money to the charity they represent.
Organizational level sets policy for all users within the specified organization.
Organizational life is complex, with interconnected events and continuously changing patterns.
Organizational linkages are a form of networking, and provide the benefits all networks offer.
Organizational marketers can bring their products directly to customers.
Every organizational marketer is part of a value chain.
Organizational marketing means reaching out to fewer, but larger customers.
Organizational mechanisms can function either as positive or negative feedback loops.
Organizational meetings have several functions.
Organizational meetings take place on a weekly basis.
Organizational members are non-profit organizations or institutions that serve the Salina community.
Organizational members can also order one additional copy of all mailings.
Organizational members can have access to promotional venues at the annual conference.
Organizational members have a vote.
Organizational members have all the privileges of active members except holding office.
Organizational members have an opportunity to add additional information and edit their profiles.
Organizational members have one contact person with full voting privileges.
Organizational members have voting privileges.
Organizational members help customers help themselves.
Organizational members receive a free copy.
Organizational members receive two copies of scientific journals and the Bulletin.
Organizational members understand and have the reengineering and TQM skills o.
Organizational members utilize existing knowledge and skills.
Many organizational members have links to their websites which list job opportunities.
Organizational membership entitles the organization s faculty to full membership benefits.
Organizational membership includes companies and other organizations.
Organizational membership is open to any for profit or nonprofit organization.
Organizational memberships are also available.
Organizational memberships are available.
Organizational memberships cover more than one person.
Most organizational memberships are for individuals, couples, or at most, couples with children.
Organizational memory is both connected and retentive.
Organizational memory is important for grant writing.
Organizational memory is much more than computer-based records.
Organizational mortality is a traditional domain of populational ecology.
Organizational name is standard.
Organizational neutrality is essential to make the model bases comparisons.
Organizational nominations carry more weight than individual ones and are less likely to be ignored.
Organizational objectives speak to the reason that organizations exist.
Every organizational objective relies on people for their execution.
Organizational orientation determines the degree of uncertainty a commander is willing to tolerate.
All organizational pages are the responsibility of their respective authors.
All organizational pages are to be maintained by the organization itself.
Many organizational pages incorporate the mission statement as the very first item on the home page.
Organizational participants make decisions concerning the success of the organization.
Organizational partners can serve as a galvanizing force to mobilize large groups of volunteers.
Organizational pattern develops thesis.
Organizational patterns are the way authors arrange and organize their text.
Organizational patterns used are spatial, chronological and order of importance.
Organizational patterns vary depending upon the grade level.
Organizational peace is only a few installations away.
Organizational performance improves.
Organizational performance is thought to be directly linked to employee morale.
Organizational plans are under way now.
Organizational power is the subject of many research projects.
Organizational practices are at least as important as technical practices.
Organizational problems are complex requiring different types of expertise.
Organizational problems are few.
Organizational problems are too deep.
Organizational process changes with schedules and budgets.
Organizational processes affect organizational and individual behavior.
Organizational profit is the revenue minus the sum of the ADCs.
Organizational profitability is computed by adding up the profits from each line of business.
Many organizational psychologists consider work groups to be the building blocks of organizations.
Organizational psychology is concerned with human factors and working conditions.
Organizational publications provide a wealth of information.
Organizational publications serve as a group's primary tool of communication.
Organizational purpose is expressed through goals.
Organizational recognition is a privilege.
Organizational recognition is for five years.
Organizational records are in a separate set of files.
Organizational relationships are complex.
Organizational renewal is one of the foremost responsibilities of all leaders.
Organizational resources are either tangible or intangible.
Organizational response is aimed at productivity and the achievement of centers of excellence.
Organizational revolution is the first item on the agenda.
Organizational setup is also critical.
Organizational situations are different.
Organizational size affects the choice of techniques.
Organizational skills are a critical skill for the contract professional.
Organizational skills are also essential.
Organizational skills are also important because clerical staff sometimes work for multiple people.
Organizational skills are also very important.
Organizational skills are always an asset.
Organizational skills are critical for managing large volumes of product information and sales data.
Organizational skills are critical to ensure that each patient is given appropriate care.
Organizational skills are essential for human resources managers.
Organizational skills are essential.
Organizational skills are important.
Organizational skills are key.
Organizational skills are necessary to manage documentation.
Organizational skills are often apparent in public service or even socially oriented activities.
Organizational skills are particularly important in producing a successful sportscast.
Organizational skills are the keystone to having a more balanced life.
Organizational skills are very important.
Organizational skills can make it easier, however, to cope with the changes.
Organizational skills have something to with it.
Organizational skills help leaders plan, prepare, conduct, and evaluate outdoor experiences.
Organizational skills show improvement.
Many organizational skills appear to be inborn.
Organizational solutions can often benefit from making use of information technology.
Organizational specialist is another.
Organizational spirit comes from the sharing of a vision.
Organizational status is directly proportional to flooring.
Organizational Steps Identify the major media markets in Wisconsin.
Organizational stories answer important questions, such as . . .
Organizational strategies take place during and after the text is read.
Organizational strength is derived from the value of each member in achieving our mission.
Organizational structure addresses questions about organizational leadership and committees.
Organizational structure can facilitate or inhibit cooperation among employees.
Organizational structure exists for support of all aspects of technology integration.
Organizational structure is clear and coherent.
Organizational structure is clear.
Organizational structure is defined by the differential distribution of authority and tasks.
Organizational structure is used as a weapon.
Organizational structure Make sure that structure reinforces the operational changes.
Organizational structure poses challenges.
Organizational structure provides communication to members in every area of the province.
Organizational structure refers to the way that the parts of the organization are put together.
Organizational structures are complex.
Organizational structures become constraints instead of means of liberation.
Organizational structures change.
Organizational structures Describe the various organizational structures of retail stores.
Organizational structures function throughout the country.
Organizational structures give form to the vision.
Organizational structures tend to be flat, which encourages employee interaction at all levels.
Organizational structures tend to have an emphasis on 'doing'.
Organizational success is achieved only by a skilled, motivated staff.
Organizational success is impossible without teamwork.
Organizational support plays integral role in shaping healthy lifestyles.
Organizational theories can help information analysts understand organizational contexts.
Organizational theory is extremely interdisciplinary.
Organizational theory is used to understand the implementation of policy within the organization.
Organizational transformation begins with each individual leader.
Organizational transformation is one nature of organizational change.
Organizational unit means a department.
Organizational units are hierarchical and rooted from the organization node.
Organizational units are solely logical.
Organizational unity is never the same as spiritual unity.
Organizational unity is the most important issue concerning our survival and growth as a profession.
Organizational visions can be powerful unifying forces or sources of cynicism.
Organizational work tends to depict change efforts as being built around consensus and harmony.
All organizational work is part of one or more processes.
More organizational work needs to be done.
Organized actions produce organized results.
Organized activities are available for all ages.
Organized activities are available, as well as the option simply to relax.
Organized activities are part of the program every afternoon each weekday.
Organized activities focus on keeping the kids occupied.
Organized activities help children resist unsafe behaviors and enhance learning.
Organized activity is rooted in primitive man.
Any organized activity involving new members and actives is considered a new member activity.
Organized adults come from organized children.
Organized atheism exists only to counter the claims of theism.
Organized atheism exists only to counter the claims of theists.
Organized baseball is about more than balls, bats and gloves.
Organized behavior is key to any successful colony.
Organized camping is sparse in the great wilderness of the northwest.
Organized chaos is very close to unpredictable results.
Organized charity is a delusion and a snare.
Organized church is an organization formed by men.
Organized classes have absolute priority over individual work.
Organized clubs are the foundation of grass roots cycling in the province.
Organized communication is the key.
Organized communities tolerate less violence and crime.
Organized community shares their trading experiences.
Organized confusion is the phrase that best describes the race day dynamic.
Organized control is the key.
Organized cricket lends itself to statistics to a greater degree than many other sports.
Organized crime breeds common crime, and there is no indication that gangsterism is on the wane.
Organized crime goes where the money is, and the money is moving to the internet.
Organized crime happens in all facets of Europe, Klein points out.
Organized crime is a business and has many similarities to businesses in the legal market.
Organized crime is a growing concern - locally, nationally and internationally.
Organized crime is a major national and international issue.
Organized crime is a part of the Armenian economy.
Organized crime is a serious and growing concern.
Organized crime is a serious national and international problem that threatens public safety.
Organized crime is a serious problem in Brazil.
Organized crime is a serious problem today.
Organized crime is a serious problem.
Organized crime is a social group
Organized crime is a threat to the modern corporate economy.
Organized crime is alive and well.
Organized crime is also a global problem.
Organized crime is an equal opportunity destroyer.
Organized crime is another potential but improbable suspect.
Organized crime is big business and it is bad business.
Organized crime is clearly a serious problem here and is getting more serious.
Organized crime is complex and ever-evolving.
Organized crime is heavily into ecstasy production and sales.
Organized crime is heavily involved in the pirate video distribution business in Bulgaria.
Organized crime is increasingly a problem for Belarus.
Organized crime is more and more a concern in our communities, in Canada and around the world.
Organized crime is partly responsible.
Organized crime is rampant, along with official corruption.
Organized crime is said to be the only segment of society putting capitalism to work.
Organized crime is said to launder billions for terrorists.
Organized crime is social groups.
Organized crime is such an example.
Organized crime is the biggest problem.
Organized crime is the federal government's number one law enforcement priority.
Organized crime is the federal government's Number One law enforcement priority.
Organized crime is the new communism, the new monolithic threat.
Organized crime is widespread, sometimes hiding behind narrow, nationalistic agendas.
Organized crime is, to a large extent, invisible.
Organized crime knows no borders.
Organized crime loves a vacuum.
Organized crime plays a minimal and somewhat tangential role in streetwalking.
Organized crime reaps the profits.
Organized crime runs rampant through porous borders.
Organized crime seems like the only way to survive.
Organized crime spends millions to exploit weaknesses in credit card fraud detection.
Organized crime sues, citing restraint of trade.
Organized crime takes over Interac machines in Ontario.
Organized criminals continue to attempt smuggling operations in various commodities.
Organized criminals control large parts of the child prostitution market.
Organized criminals participate in drug trafficking, extortion, prostitution, or gambling.
Organized customers finances through various monetary transactions.
Organized dialogue is of three types.
Organized dissent is enjoyed here.
Organized drives are the key to taking bears here.
Organized entertainment can be as simple as games, games, games.
Most organized events have aid stations with salty snacks.
Organized excursions provide a mobile culture classroom.
Organized experiences occur with community groups.
Organized facilities display regular, repeating patterns and identical features over wide distances.
Organized farmers form federations, where they help one another to solve common problems.
Organized farmers know their rights, and can deal with the government much more effectively.
Any organized format is acceptable so long as it provides all of the information.
Organized fund raising Many communities rally around a child with cancer by organizing a fund.
Organized games create closer friendships and help everyone feel at home.
Organized gardeners have more time in spring for the fun stuff.
Organized group exercises and games.
Organized groups are welcome to attend.
Organized groups are welcome.
Organized groups can also volunteer.
Organized groups can camp by reservation in the group area.
Organized groups compete against each to have their interests put first.
Organized groups contribute a considerable proportion of visitor traffic.
Organized groups work in curriculum, guidance, instruction, administration and supervision.
Organized groups working within the system can make a difference.
Any organized group is seen as a threat, so repression continues.
Most organized groups fit into two categories, social or business.
Organized ideas coupled with organized people can garner power.
Organized individuals can use the structured database components to manage their information.
Organized information is arranged to suit requirements.
Organized information is easier to find.
Organized information leads to happiness and success.
Organized interests exist in a healthy system.
Organized interior features shoe and accessory pockets.
Organized labor argues that GMLAs are a legitimate and proper use of federal power.
Organized labor becomes a management consideration with consolidation of field operations.
Organized labor can change it.
Organized labor can ill-afford to lose any more influence, especially as manifested in size.
Organized labor constitutes the largest private purchaser of healthcare services in the nation.
Organized labor continues to wage a propaganda campaign.
Organized labor exists.
Organized labor has the power to defend victims of injustice.
Organized labor hates the bill, and plans to fight it when it comes up for a vote.
Organized labor is committed to pushing for higher minimum wages at the local and state level.
Organized labor is concerned that all peoples of the world benefit from the digital revolution.
Organized labor is fiercely opposed for the same reasons.
Organized labor is good for working people, and good for America.
Organized labor is in a great position to recruit and help our members all over the state.
Organized labor is labor
Organized labor is labor.
Organized labor is nominally nonpartisan.
Organized labor is non-existent.
Organized labor is ready to pour everything it has into stopping it.
Organized labor is strongly behind the new ergonomics regulations.
Organized labor is strongly opposed to the TEAM Act.
Organized labor is the Democratic party on the ground.
Organized labor is vital to the well-being of our country, our families, and our communities.
Organized labor makes a positive contribution to economic development.
Organized labor opposes the curbs on donations to independent groups for ads.
Organized labor represents a small share of the workforce today.
Organized labor says over our dead bodies.
Organized labor says the disparity is even wider for African-American women and Latina women.
Organized labor seems to have decided to take a stand on the China issue.
Organized leagues are also available for any type of team sport.
Organized leagues are available to residents.
Organized leagues have priority in use of the courts.
Organized matrix allows for additional teacher time to deal directly with student needs.
Organized medicine depends on the participation and support of each physician.
Organized medicine has an important, long-term role to keep alive issues such as patient protection.
Organized medicine has to take some of the blame.
Organized medicine offers plenty of ethical advice on gifts.
Organized medicine provides the voice for physicians who recognize the importance of quality care.
Organized medicine works in collaboration with each other and with others.
Organized neighbors can prevent crime when they work together.
Organized neighbors make safe neighborhoods.
Organized opponents question the transit authority's books and budget forecasts.
Organized opposition is concentrated on King County's east side.
Organized parents can make a huge difference in a school.
Organized Participants learn how their catechetical ministry relates to the total parish mission.
Organized people are just too lazy to hunt for it.
Organized people develop structured approaches to manage ambiguity.
Organized people have their minds set on just about everything.
Organized people imagine the final product from the very beginning.
Organized people practice their organizational skills every day.
Organized people save time and money, make more money, and have lower stress and frustration levels.
Organized people think organized thoughts and that's why they use words like always and never.
Most organized people make decisions quickly and easily.
Organized planning is the way to keep growth responsible.
Organized psychology has important roles to play in refuting erroneous stereotypes of homosexuals.
Any organized race is supposed to be run trees on.
Organized reading is called pre-reading.
Organized records allow quick calculation of conception rate and heat detection efficiency.
Organized references provide teachers with quick access to lesson plans and relevant links.
Organized religion can be a very scary thing.
Organized religion does the exact opposite.
Organized religion has a permanent place in America.
Organized religion is a little different that being religious.
Organized religion is a power structure that uses fear to maintain control.
Organized religion is a sham .
Organized religion is a sham.
Organized religion is a strange force in society.
Organized religion is a tool of patriarchy.
Organized religion is an important part of the American fabric.
Organized religion is an institution
Organized religion is another story entirely.
Organized religion is completely unnecessary here.
Organized religion is created by man.
Organized religion is dangerous where it can effectively censor or disparage people who disagree.
Organized religion is devoid of spirituality when it becomes dogmatic.
Organized religion is ipso facto opposed to intellectual freedom and the freedom of truth.
Organized religion is located in churchs.
Organized religion is needed as our teacher in such matters.
Organized religion is no stranger to criticism.
Organized religion is often concerned only with upholding and justifying the status quo.
Organized religion is old.
Organized religion is organized just in case.
Organized religion is rejected at least for the time being.
Organized religion is the enemy.
Organized religion is the oldest, largest and most powerful political special interest group.
Organized religion is very big business.
Organized religion plays a number on society, especially women.
Organized religion prevents the possibility of a nullified relationship.
Organized religions are communal activities involving group worship, prayer, and ritual.
Organized religions are like blind men touching an elephant.
Most organized religions offer strong support for creating communal connections.
Organized research includes only research assignments that are supported by appropriated funds.
Organized research is distinguished from departmental research.
Organized residents feel stronger.
Many organized rides lead through plantations, with some trekking far into the country's interior.
Organized road rides weekly and group mountain bike rides at least monthly.
Organized sessions are welcome.
Organized soccer is available through city and county programs for nearly every age group.
Organized spaces are simple to use.
Organized sports are a great way for kids to learn about teamwork and self-discipline.
Organized sports are a year round activity for novice and experienced players.
Organized sports are games with many lessons in courage, stamina and teamwork.
Organized sports are just part of the solution.
Organized sports can be a bit sporadic.
Organized sports is for the more committed.
Organized sports provide the perfect arena to learn about life.
Organized sports teach teamwork and social skills as well as exercise.
Organized sports tend to be more time consuming and restrictive in availability.
Organized stopovers are expensive.
Organized storage includes keeping objects together based on what they do and where they are used.
Organized study is better than just studying.
Any organized system requires transmission and interpretation of specific signals.
Organized teachers know more and can share more than the basic facts of the lesson.
Organized teams exist for almost every imaginable sport.
Organized terrorism threatens no country in particular.
Organized tours are available by appointment.
Organized tours are available.
Organized tours are common at the facility, resulting in many new customers.
Organized tours are optional.
Organized tours hear about the bones and many functions of the foot.
Organized tours welcome special needs passengers, however, advance notice is requested.
Many organized tours are available.
Organized training is required.
Most organized training is an intensely personal business.
Organized travel is built into the programs.
Organized unity is only possible if there is an experienced unity, a oneness of spirit or attitude.
Organized workers can use the internet relatively cheaply.
Organized workers continue to stay ahead through persistence.
Organized writing tells readers that the writer is organized in thought as well as writing.
An organizer is a thinker
Organizer can also track to-do items.
Organizer cleans up after group is finished, plus gets materials.
Organizer isa individual.
Organizer isa person.
Organizer isa somebody.
Organizer isa someone.
Organizer links better than many other programs, at least for navigating through information.
Organizer -Organizes the information recalled into categories or outline form.
Organizer puts away materials.
Organizer reserves the right to substitute prizes of comparable value.
Organizers accuse law enforcement of overly aggressive surveillance.
Organizers act as a subsuming bridge betw een new learning material and existing related ideas.
Organizers aid students in devloping questions and planning for presentations.
Organizers aim to build community to increase the town's economic vitality.
Organizers also allege more direct acts of intimidation and retribution.
Organizers also bring in people from all the provinces and territories.
Organizers also encourage people to sign up as teams.
Organizers also hope to attract traveling exhibits of Jewish work.
Organizers also hope to communicate their plans via a Web page.
Organizers also hope to dispel myths about curanderismo.
Organizers also pay high attention to concomitent program sports and culture.
Organizers also plan student contests and working with visiting tour groups.
Organizers also plan to bury a time capsule beneath the tombstone.
Organizers also plan to file a property tax exemption request in Utah County.
Organizers also plan to print T-shirts containing a newly designed unity logo.
Organizers also provide assistance to residents interested in forming a neighborhood association.
Organizers also sell pageant jewelry and publish journals that earn money through advertising.
Organizers also sense a grudging mood among private donors.
Organizers also stress the importance of toting plenty of water.
Organizers also suspect that police have infiltrated some of their meetings.
Organizers also welcome contributions for the rummage sale.
Organizers announce a new eight-team professional women's soccer league.
Organizers anticipate attendance in the hundreds.
Organizers anticipate even greater response over the weekend.
Organizers apologize for the inevitable multiple mailings.
Organizers are a needed component to any dorm room.
Organizers are also optimistic of securing the participation of most of the other elite athletes.
Organizers are anxious to shield reporters from any other view.
Organizers are available for all types of vehicles with bucket or bench seats.
Organizers are evident but the content is difficult to understand.
Organizers are excited about two key areas of expansion.
Organizers are free to set a spectator entrance fee.
Organizers are glad that parents are getting used to civic responsibility.
Organizers are hard at work planning for storytellers and activities.
Organizers are network aware and can easily be used on multi-user systems.
Organizers are only human.
Organizers are people who fill an organizer role position.
Organizers are responsible for copyediting abstracts.
Organizers are responsible for removing signage and meeting handouts, etc.
Organizers are smaller still.
Organizers are thinkers.
Organizers are to be congratulated for a job well done.
Organizers are union representatives.
Organizers are well advised to solicit active involvement from community leaders.
Organizers ask attendees to bring candles to the vigil.
Organizers ask for donations of new toys in their original packaging.
Organizers ask hoedown-goers to leave their dogs at home.
Organizers ask people for time - go to a meeting, plan a strategy, come to a demonstration.
Organizers ask that parents accompany children participating in the event.
Organizers ask that, if possible, people call or email in advance to reserve a seat and lunch.
Organizers assist students to learn both key concepts and detailed facts.
Organizers attend many meetings and conferences - perhaps too many.
Organizers attribute the jump in submissions to the increasing use of digital video.
Organizers believe that the decrease in attendance was due in large part to poor weather.
Organizers believe the best response to such criticism is to turn the other cheek.
Organizers believe the partnership system helps activists in all countries.
Organizers believe they can gradually shift public opinion in their favor.
Organizers blame the negative publicity that surrounded the event.
Organizers build community by developing leadership.
Organizers call for marchers to register to vote.
Organizers call it a powerful common evolutionary enterprise for our species.
Organizers can accept, reject or delete any incoming abstract submissions.
Organizers can access a file of all accepted abstracts, formatted as a conference booklet.
Organizers can also help visitors to book accommodation in a standard hotel.
Organizers can be expository or comparative.
Organizers can choose to get the whole school or selected classes involved.
Organizers can differ on strategy, tactics, even on what seem to be base values.
Organizers can expand their listing for a nominal fee.
Organizers can generate an Attendance report.
Organizers can insure against weather and other risks.
Organizers can keep topics lively, mediate disputes, and post useful information.
Organizers can shape format.
Organizers can t estimate attendance by ticket sales because the event is free.
Organizers can upload slides at any time.
Organizers can use more help.
Organizers caution that the idea is to bag trash and litter that is manageable.
Organizers characterize the class as a safe place to ask anything.
Organizers claim it is the largest free-swinging bell in the world.
Organizers consider their commitment to individuals and families in the community worthy of note.
Organizers continue to seek volunteers with special language or medical training.
Organizers control the conference access list for the conference.
Organizers create their own lists and provide direct invitations.
Organizers deal with the sometimes controversial issues by bringing experts from many perspectives.
Organizers decide such things.
Organizers describe it as that apparent oxymoron, a family-driven rock and roll party.
Organizers describe the trade mission as full of enormous opportunities for U.S. companies.
Organizers deserve the community's gratitude for persevering to see it launched.
Organizers donate significant sums to charity.
Organizers emphasize that tickets are limited.
Organizers encourage all area pastors and community leaders to attend.
Organizers encourage all students to attend.
Organizers encourage bridge walkers to carpool and arrive early.
Organizers encourage participants to wear bright clothing and bring flashlights for safety.
Organizers encourage people to walk or ride the shuttle because parking is limited.
Organizers encourage people without dogs to participate.
Organizers Enter the names of the conference organizers.
Organizers envision a party atmosphere, with a DJ and dancing.
Organizers estimate thousands of visitors daily from around North America.
Organizers expect a large competition and dinner tickets are almost completely sold out.
Organizers expect many sports figures to participate.
Organizers expect many top stars to show.
Organizers expect next year s silver anniversary to be a record-breaking one.
Organizers expect strong participation by civic and leadership groups from across Alabama.
Organizers expect the parade to take about two hours to pass any one point.
Organizers expect thousands and thousands to attend.
Organizers expect thousands to attend the one-day celebration.
Organizers expect thousands to join in various actions.
Organizers expect tickets for the premiere to sell fast.
Organizers expect tickets to be available online roughly two months before the event.
Organizers expect to be back next year with an even bigger crowd.
Organizers expect to get additional support in the Bronx and in Brooklyn.
Organizers expect to release the names of sites in upcoming days where the petition can be signed.
Organizers face a formidable challenge in organizing a bank.
Organizers face the physical set up of tables, chairs and other needs like electricity for dealers.
Organizers feel the conference impacted both the young and old and was a good first step.
Organizers formally unveil plans for the monument.
Organizers go hat in hand to any sponsor they can find.
Organizers have (part) arms.
Organizers have (part) body substances.
Organizers have (part) cell membranes.
Organizers have (part) cells.
Organizers have (part) corpi.
Organizers have (part) cytoplasm.
Organizers have (part) heads.
Organizers have (part) human bodies.
Organizers have (part) legs.
Organizers have (part) material bodies.
Organizers have (part) necks.
Organizers have (part) nuclei.
Organizers have (part) personality.
Organizers have (part) plasma membranes.
Organizers have (part) sections.
Organizers have (part) vacuoles.
Organizers have high hopes that high technology can help level the playing field in education.
Organizers have only enough funding to run one boot-camp session a year.
Organizers have seven days in which to pull off three days of heli-accessed freeskiing competition.
Organizers have several events planned.
Organizers have several goals in mind.
Organizers have some flexibility as to the format and schedule of the lectures.
Organizers have the option of including third placed horses in championship classes.
Organizers have three months to collect signatures.
Organizers have to be prepared for anything from hailstorms to dust storms.
Organizers have to start somewhere.
Organizers have two immediate goals.
Organizers hear a range of answers.
Organizers help prepare companies for the event and anticipate likely questions.
Organizers hope crips turn out in force to speak their mind.
Organizers hope eventually to have larger facilities.
Organizers hope for a sellout in the Independence Day game.
Organizers hope for a turnout of several hundred.
Organizers hope for thoughtful brief essays rather than scattershot references.
Organizers hope it becomes an annual event.
Organizers hope that the public can benefit from the healing power of art.
Organizers hope the tournament becomes an even bigger event next year.
Organizers hope to add information on ozone levels in other provinces.
Organizers hope to add more teams to the tournament in the coming years.
Organizers hope to attract hundreds of people from Nevada and throughout the western states.
Organizers hope to attract interest from surrounding high schools, colleges and universities.
Organizers hope to begin working with residents by year's end.
Organizers hope to bolster the community through youth programs.
Organizers hope to continue the program next year with visits by artists and an art critic.
Organizers hope to create a Florida boxing series and syndicate it nationally.
Organizers hope to draw educators, artists and historians.
Organizers hope to draw thousands of visitors.
Organizers hope to engage the Spokane community in the project.
Organizers hope to expand beyond helping visually impaired kids.
Organizers hope to get deposits to other artists by the end of the week.
Organizers hope to get half the money from private donations and the rest from the state.
Organizers hope to have the ethanol plant running by late next year.
Organizers hope to include kids from all over the world.
Organizers hope to include related technical articles as the next improvement to the new tool.
Organizers hope to link hundreds of dogs, cats, puppies and kittens with loving families.
Organizers hope to make it an annual event.
Organizers hope to make the conference an annual event.
Organizers hope to make the festival a yearly event.
Organizers hope to more than double the amount of prize money for next year.
Organizers hope to officially break ground for the construction of the memorial in the spring.
Organizers hope to raise a half-million dollars to purchase books for school libraries.
Organizers hope to reach out to women of all ages, especially young women.
Organizers hope to see even more people enter in next year's event.
Organizers hope to sell chairs.
Organizers hope to sponsor a visit to a different manufacturer each month.
Organizers hope to unite the whole world in prayer through television coverage of the event.
Organizers include photos.
Organizers insist that for a movement that is prepared for the long haul, that counts as a success.
Organizers intend to make people feel like they are actually in another country.
Organizers intend to make the golf tournament an annual event.
Organizers like to make sure everything goes according to plan.
Organizers look at themselves as outside and temporary to the communities.
Organizers look for people who are responsible and alert.
Organizers look forward to people taking slow walks downtown to view the horses.
Organizers look forward to seeing everyone there.
Organizers make an announcement to protesters before the march.
Organizers make great business gifts.
Organizers make planning easy.
Organizers now stay mobile and make the events hard to find.
Organizers offer a variety of free daytime sessions and paid nighttime performances.
Organizers offer solutions and ask lots of questions.
Organizers pay with credit card.
Organizers plan several other surprises at the event.
Organizers plan to apply the proceeds toward the construction of a child development center.
Organizers plan to carry out the goals over the next three years through community activities.
Organizers plan to celebrate the program's half-century mark with a first.
Organizers plan to conduct at least one job fair each year.
Organizers plan to deck out one of the two adjoining rooms in the lobby as a lounge.
Organizers plan to dedicate a new construction project.
Organizers plan to hold the events near city airports whenever possible.
Organizers plan to introduce the program in every U.S. prison during the next five years.
Organizers plan to keep each to an hour or less.
Organizers plan to make it an annual event.
Organizers plan to make maximum use of existing facilities.
Organizers plan to make the project an annual event.
Organizers plan to publish the lectures and discussions from the three-part series.
Organizers plan to publish the proceedings of the conference.
Organizers plan to try again next year.
Organizers plan to update the site regularly to reflect any news or changes regarding the event.
Organizers plan two hundred events over three days and three evenings, all free to the public.
Organizers planning the Washington, D.C. events have a mission.
Organizers point out the importance of calling attention to mental health issues.
Organizers prefer that people use buses, although groups riding in vans also can participate.
Organizers prepare also classic orienteering courses.
Organizers promise a fun-filled evening suitable for the entire family.
Organizers promise a larger, yet more accessible format for the Las Vegas trade show.
Organizers promise good payouts, great food and door prizes.
Organizers promise plenty of activities to keep the youngsters busy all day.
Organizers promise reforms that include more police harassment.
Organizers promise to make investors rich by splitting trillions of dollars in oil dividends.
Organizers provide a carnival-like atmosphere to make sure the event is fun for the whole family.
Organizers provide a host of helpful accessories for daily planning and scheduling.
Organizers provide participants with free food and a bus pass.
Organizers provide translation from English to their language.
Organizers report activists all over the country seem moved by the idea and are participating.
Organizers report that the first two weeks of the campaign have met with enormous response.
Organizers require all riders to wear helmets.
Organizers require permission for tables or structures in designated areas.
Organizers reserve the right to cancel an event due to insufficient ticket sales.
Organizers reserve the right to disqualify any competitor with just cause.
Organizers reserve the right to disqualify any entry that has been incorrectly completed.
Organizers reserve the right to pick and choose based on their needs for the program.
Organizers reserve the right to prohibit unsafe fires.
Organizers reserve the right to refuse any vendor.
Organizers reserve the right to reject any entry.
Organizers reserve the right to use received materials for awareness-building purposes.
Organizers restart conference at the end of each semester by deleting items.
Organizers save time.
Organizers save valuable time.
Organizers say a notable gap exists in the area of free counseling.
Organizers say a shortened event is a possibility.
Organizers say all martial artists are welcome.
Organizers say an evening drive through the exhibit is a great way to kick off the holiday season.
Organizers say bargaining over contracts and wages is also on their list.
Organizers say beard-growing is an old English tradition for special occasions.
Organizers say cheerleaders and bands are also needed for the event.
Organizers say cool jeans and hip shoes can help disadvantaged kids start the school year off right.
Organizers say debt payments have widened the gap between rich and poor.
Organizers say everything went smoothly at the festival.
Organizers say for safety reasons, participants take classes on the wrestling moves.
Organizers say interest in sponsorships has picked up as the project advances.
Organizers say interest is more on having quality curricula than on offering religious instruction.
Organizers say it demonstrates the potential for a permanent testing lab.
Organizers say it is meant as a tribute to the princess' love for children.
Organizers say it is the first national championship for challenged riders.
Organizers say it sure beats taking a rash approach, which the town has done in the past.
Organizers say it's a great example of young people giving back to their community.
Organizers say it's the first county-wide rural network in Ontario, and one of the first in Canada.
Organizers say it's time the Black church breaks the silenced on the taboo topic of sexuality.
Organizers say it's too early to discuss the new venture.
Organizers say many lives have been saved.
Organizers say more than three million students nationwide participated last year.
Organizers say one of the toughest parts is getting the husbands to take part.
Organizers say seating is limited.
Organizers say seniors and children benefit from the program.
Organizers say so far admission-button sales match last year's totals.
Organizers say some immigrants Politicians are always looking for numbers.
Organizers say that a half dozen electric cars are also scheduled to be among the displays.
Organizers say that area residents came through with even more than children requested.
Organizers say that community involvement is critical to the success of the program.
Organizers say that for most students the week long camp was the experience of a lifetime.
Organizers say that is the program's goal.
Organizers say that issue remains wide open.
Organizers say that preparing for the event helps kids spend time with mentors.
Organizers say that the program has brought wide positive reaction, especially from young people.
Organizers say that they hope to turn the festival into a legacy.
Organizers say that's more than twice as many people who attended last year's event.
Organizers say the benefits extend both to the tutor and the student.
Organizers say the big turnout was merely an example of the home-town atmosphere.
Organizers say the bill halts consumer's rights to free and low cost Internet voice applications.
Organizers say the ceremony is to remember the fallen officers, as well and their families.
Organizers say the concept can work well in rural areas, too.
Organizers say the conference offers more than a typical scholarly gathering.
Organizers say the event is intended to showcase the culture and literature of the Middle Ages.
Organizers say the event takes the guess work out of putting a wedding together.
Organizers say the event that started four years ago is continuing to grow.
Organizers say the exercise is to demonstrate the results of hacking.
Organizers say the festival offers social, cultural, sports and educational events for all ages.
Organizers say the gap between the world's rich and poor nations is increasing.
Organizers say the hefty state grant is the saving grace of the long-planned project.
Organizers say the homes selected for the tour are in a cluster to make a leisurely walk possible.
Organizers say the international element of the conference is essential.
Organizers say the job fair aims to put prospective employers face to face with potential employees.
Organizers say the money raised goes a long way in helping the animals at the shelter.
Organizers say the nationality of films is becoming increasingly irrelevant.
Organizers say the outreach is one way to prepare residents for openings in their community.
Organizers say the panels are much more effective than a straight lecture by an adult.
Organizers say the preach-in is designed to put poor people back on the American political map.
Organizers say the program gives the teens a new perspective on adults.
Organizers say the state hopes to encourage more research.
Organizers say the veteran performer is sure to provide a fresh and funny approach to the job.
Organizers say there is nothing they can do to prevent all violence.
Organizers say they are about two-thirds of the way to their goal.
Organizers say they are hoping for a wide range of denominations and races to attend the service.
Organizers say they are looking for children with excellent personalities.
Organizers say they are reluctant overall to move the game.
Organizers say they are stunned by their success.
Organizers say they are trying to bring the film to West Virginia.
Organizers say they expect the sculptures to be a big draw.
Organizers say they have tailored the festival for the whole family.
Organizers say they hope the program continues to expand.
Organizers say they hope to open for the coming school year.
Organizers say they hope to raise at least five times that before the general election.
Organizers say they received many positive comments from spectators.
Organizers say they took great pains to be politically sensitive.
Organizers say they try to avoid mismatches by spelling out conditions well in advance.
Organizers say they want the festival to educate as much as it promotes.
Organizers say to get there early.
Organizers seek to reverse declining attendance.
Organizers select five or six for discussion.
Organizers speculate the mail run is the longest dry-land dog team event in the world.
Organizers state thousands of jobs are available.
Organizers strongly discourage unregistered runners.
Organizers suggest a ratio of six peer helpers for one adult supervisor.
Organizers suggest bringing lawn chairs.
Organizers suggest folks get their tickets as soon as possible to avoid disappointment.
Organizers suggest getting tickets in advance and early.
Organizers suggest visitors bring lawn chairs.
Organizers swear it's delicious.
Organizers take students to museums, the cinema, bowling, restaurants, discos, etc.
Organizers tend to learn from their mistakes and the mistakes of others.
Organizers therefore have some flexibility in the design of their sessions.
Organizers try to add to the event each year.
Organizers try to find two or three houses in one area for the convenience of tour-goers.
Organizers try to keep up with trends and watch for innovative ideas from area teachers.
Organizers try to select a variety of products of the kind and quality that buyers want.
Organizers typically choose a private home to transform.
Organizers typically drive the bus to a Mexican port for freighter shipment.
Organizers ultimately hope to extend the project to the U.S., Australia and other countries.
Organizers urge visitors to car-pool and take the trolley.
Organizers welcome volunteers to teach bike repair.
Organizers work closely with FTCR policy staff.
Organizers work through campaigns.
Organizers always encourage riders to stay within their limits, go easy and enjoy the ride.
Organizers often don t know how to plan and conduct such an interface.
All organizers can add events focused on pharmaceutical ingredients.
All organizers feel that way, and Montreal is especially tough.
Many organizers make presentations, and presentations are always better when they include laughs.
Many organizers provide links to their sites as well.
More organizers have a personal stake in the issues they work on.
Most organizers have a method to their madness.
Most organizers have a very limited length for each field.
Most organizers save time.
Most organizers save valuable time.
Some organizers claim injuries.
Some organizers do it themselves, others seek professional help.
Some organizers have salespeople cover important information at the time that space is booked.
Some organizers have to be hired.
Some organizers help ideas.
Some organizers recommend saving taxes forever, no exceptions.
Some organizers say that newspaper ink is the mother's milk of political organizing.
Some organizers strictly enforce their deadlines, others offer some leeway.
Organizes education assemblies an hosts student exchanges with other schools.
Organoaxial volvulus is more subtle.
Organofluorine chemistry impacts many areas of everyday life and technology.
Organofluorine compounds are components of liquid crystal displays .
Organofluorine compounds enjoy many niche applications in materials science .
Some organofluorine compounds pose significant risks and dangers to health and the environment.
Organofluorine molecules are an important class of compounds in medicinal chemistry .
Organohalogen production is a ubiquitous capacity among basidiomycetes.
Organoleptic analysis represents the simplest, yet the most human, form of analysis.
Organometallic chemistry combines aspects of inorganic chemistry and organic chemistry .
Organometallic chemistry combines aspects of inorganic chemistry and organic chemistry.
Organometallic chemistry has both an historical and a current importance in our research.
Organometallic chemistry is one of the most active areas of modern chemical research.
Organometallic chemistry is the focus of research in our group.
Organometallic complexes are complexes formed between organic groups and metal atoms.
Organometallic compounds are nucleophilic.
Organometallic compounds are usually strong bases.
Most organometallic compounds are soluble in hydrocarbon oils.
Organometallic molecules display very interesting structures and patterns of reactivity.
An organon is a system
Organon is a renowned global pharmaceutical company with a strong commitment to health care.
Organophosphate dips are to be strongly discouraged since their use is likely to cause toxicity.
Organophosphate dips are toxic to humans.
Organophosphate insecticides are generally useful in killing face flies and related small flies.
Organophosphate insecticides are harmful to nerve cells.
Organophosphate insecticides are the insecticides most often involved in serious human poisoning.
Organophosphate insecticides used during delayed dormancy are very toxic to honey bees.
Organophosphate toxicity can be fatal.
Organophosphate toxicity causes a cholinergic syndrome.
An organophosphate is pesticide
Organophosphates affect the nervous system.
Organophosphates are a class of pesticides commonly used on food crops, and in homes and gardens.
Organophosphates are a common ingredient of insecticides used in homes, industry, and agriculture.
Organophosphates are a group of closely related pesticides that affect the nervous system.
Organophosphates are also bio-cumulative.
Organophosphates are also used in opthomology - echothiopate is used to treat glaucoma.
Organophosphates are another large class of contact insecticides.
Organophosphates are broad-spectrum pesticides related to nerve gas.
Organophosphates are cholinesterase inhibitors and have the potential for being very toxic.
Organophosphates are in the agency's sights now.
Organophosphates are insecticide.
Organophosphates are most potent when they are first applied and lose some toxicity as they dry.
Organophosphates are most toxic.
Organophosphates are neurological poisons and work the same on humans as they do on insects.
Organophosphates are powerful poisons which attack the central nervous system.
Organophosphates are responsible for most acute pesticide related poisonings amongst humans.
Organophosphates are short-lived, but some can be toxic when first applied.
Organophosphates are synthetic compounds containing phosphorous.
Organophosphates are the main cause of pesticide poisoning and pesticide-related deaths in Iran.
Organophosphates are toxic for a longer period of time.
Organophosphates are very toxic pesticides that are used on a wide variety of crops.
Organophosphates are very toxic to cats.
Organophosphates can affect the nervous system in humans and wildlife.
Organophosphates can affect the nervous system.
Organophosphates can disrupt proper neurological function, causing dizziness, nausea, and confusion.
Organophosphates have a greater degree of toxicty and especially pose a threat to cats.
Organophosphates irreversibly bind to, and inhibit, an important enzyme called acetylcholinesterase.
Organophosphates kill pests by poisoning the brain and nervous system.
Organophosphates work by interfering with an enzyme that controls acetylcholine.
Organophosphates work by poisoning the insect s nervous system.
Organophosphates usually have short residual life spans.
Most organophosphates are insecticides.
Some organophosphates act directly while others require activation by enzymes within the body.
Organophosphorous compounds are cumulative.
Organophosphorous insecticides are much less persistent than organochlorines.
Organosilicon surfactants are a new class of surfactants.
Organotin compounds are more common than almost any other organometal compound.
Organotin compounds are toxic, though.
Organotin compounds can affect the central nervous system.
Most organotin compounds are colorless liquids or solids that are stable to air and water.
Some organotin compounds are relatively toxic, with both advantages and problems.
Organotin hydrides react with water to produce hydrogen gas, which is flammable and explosive.
Organsiational change is carried out in small realistic steps as opposed to rapid change.
An organza is cloth
Organza bow with multi-colored flowers at the waist.
Orgasm is a completion
Orgasm is emotion.
Orgasm relieves tension, recharges the body and revitalizes the mind.
Orgasms vary from person to person and for each individual at different times.
Orgasms vary from time to time and from person to person.
Orgasms vary in intensity .
Orgasms vary in intensity.
All orgasms come from the clitoris.
Some orgasms are more powerful than others.
Orgasmic difficulty is the most common sexual complaint of women.
Orgasmic dysfunction is more prevalent in younger and less sexually experienced women.
Orgasmic reactions are a defect.
Orginal canvas carry case.
Orginal records are the details written at the time in documents such as church registers.
Orguss World Check it out, now at a new address.
An orgy is humoring
Orgies occur upstairs.
Orgies read as rather pale action sequences, less enticing than the battle scenes.
O'riche turnaround is rooted in, of all things, technology.
Orient Bay is one of the most popular spots in the Caribbean for bathing in the buff.
Orient plant rows toward the prevailing wind.
An orient is a hemisphere
Orient plan to one job weakness b.
Orient rows in a north to south direction to optimize sun exposure.
Orients cause orients.
Orients inmates to recreational activities.
Orients map and prepares terrain sketch and visibility diagram.
Orients pharmacy academic courses in pharmaceutical manufacturing processes and projects.
Orients students aides to the laboratory, including explaining policies and procedures.
Orients substitute nurses.
Oriental accents constitute a major theme, although there are a handful of other styles as well.
Oriental arborvitae is particularly subject to winter damage.
Oriental atmosphere is the best surrounding for erotic playings every way.
Some oriental bazaar has selections.
Oriental belief is that all life is linked to natural rhythms and laws of the universe.
An oriental bittersweet is a vine
Oriental bittersweet is a climbing deciduous woody vine.
Oriental bittersweet is another one.
Oriental blue is one of the colors associated with military intelligence.
Oriental blue is one of the colors of the military intelligence branch.
Oriental blue is symbolic of coolness and courage.
Oriental blue is the primary color associated with military intelligence.
Oriental bran is a low cost filler.
Oriental brocade is extra long to extend over hips and buttocks.
Oriental bulbs tend to increase in size with taller stems and more blooms each year.
Oriental Calligraphers keep their sticks, ink stones, and brushes in a box, an inkbox.
Oriental carpets are individually hand -cleaned both sides.
Oriental carpets dot the marble floor hallways.
Oriental carpets lend rich color and softness underfoot.
Every Oriental carpet is a silent letter to a sensitive reader.
Oriental characters determine their birth position differently, by creating family.
Oriental cities are silent after sunset.
Oriental civets occur in a wide variety of habitats in forest, brush, and grassland.
An oriental cockroach is a cockroach
Oriental cockroaches are known for their deep brown color.
Oriental cockroaches are less wary and more sluggish than other cockroaches found in Nebraska.
Oriental cockroaches feed on all kinds of filth and other decaying organic matter.
Oriental cockroaches prefer areas.
Oriental cockroaches prefer basements, crawl spaces, sewer pipes, and other cool, damp locations.
Oriental cockroaches prefer dark, damp, and relatively cool locations.
Oriental cockroaches prefer to feed on starchy foods.
Oriental cockroachs are cockroachs.
Oriental cockroachs are insects.
Some oriental cockroaches prefer locations.
Oriental countries share the incidence of financial crises.
Oriental cucumbers are rough textured and curved.
Oriental culture presents a slightly different dilemma, however.
Many oriental cultures love depicting nature, and they paint nature on silk.
Some Oriental cultures eat rice instead of bread.
Oriental dance is a column.
Oriental dance is an ancient form of dance that is very demanding but a lot of fun to learn.
Oriental dance is Eastern yoga.
Oriental dishes are available for lunch and dinner.
Oriental eggplants are slender and elongated with thinner skins and fewer seeds.
Oriental erotica breasts frontal nudity.
Oriental eyes are a completely different aesthetic consideration.
Oriental farmers plant every square inch of available space.
Oriental foods can be good choices.
Oriental fruit fly eradication by male annihilation.
Oriental ginseng is more of a stimulant and can raise blood pressure in some people.
Oriental girl likes sushi.
Oriental guys treat women terribly.
Oriental hair is very straight and correspondingly difficult to curl or wave.
Oriental hornets communicate through sound vibrations.
Oriental hybrids bloom in mid- to late summer, just when Asiatic lilies are beginning to fade.
Oriental hybrids make up the second class of lilies.
Oriental influence is very strong both in makeup and accessories.
Oriental items are almost always less expensive in an Oriental market.
Oriental languages use very different code sets.
Oriental legend explains the order of the animals in a few ways.
Oriental Lilies are the largest and some of the most beautiful of all lilies.
Oriental Lilies are the last to bloom in summer.
Oriental lilies bloom naturally in late summer.
Many oriental markets carry tamarind paste and frozen concentrate.
Oriental massage maintains good health and can also treat a wide spectrum of health conditions.
Oriental medicine approaches health in a complete way.
Oriental medicine is a body of knowledge and techniques related by a common theoretical base.
Oriental medicine is a four-year masters level program.
Oriental medicine is a healing philosophy that is complementary to naturopathic medicine.
Oriental medicine is a traditional medicine that is based upon Oriental philosophy.
Oriental medicine is a viable alternative - particularly when dealing with chronic illness.
Oriental medicine is an effective, low-cost medical treatment that works in harmony with the body.
Oriental medicine is based on a different premise than modern medicine.
Oriental medicine is energetic.
Oriental medicine is today the most widely utilised healing system in the world.
Oriental medicine is tried and true.
Oriental medicine provides a few other fixes for relief of constipation.
Oriental medicine uses a multidimensional approach in treating arthritis.
Oriental medicine views the body and mind as a unique and integrated system.
Some oriental medicine provides great insight.
Some oriental medicine provides insight.
Oriental music has quite a unique sound because five, rather than eight, musical tones are used.
Oriental mustard is stagnant.
Oriental mustard is used mainly in low grade Chinese mustard.
Oriental nations are just the same now.
Oriental Pantry Imagine a kitchen pantry full of exotic spices and seasonings from around the world.
Oriental peoples are very punctilious in their greetings.
Oriental persimmons are larger and heart-shaped.
Oriental persimmons have few insect, disease, or other problems.
An oriental poppy is a poppy
Oriental poppies are supposed to go dormant in midsummer.
Oriental poppies contain opium.
Oriental poppies grow in zones.
Oriental poppies have seeds.
Oriental poppies have tiny seeds.
Oriental poppies have tiny seeds.
Oriental poppies provide brilliant color in the spring garden.
Oriental poppies relish the cool temperatures of early spring and fall.
Most oriental poppies grow in zones.
Most oriental poppies have seeds.
Most oriental poppies have tiny seeds.
Oriental prices are more complicated, as they are controlled by the values of the coins used.
Oriental radishes are much bigger than most of the radishes grown in the United States.
Oriental radishes require a deep, rich soil with all lumps or rocks removed.
Some Oriental reproductions are costly.
Oriental restaurants abound, featuring Middle-Eastern cuisine.
Oriental restaurants are pretty much out.
Some oriental restorers use gold to fill in the cracks or chips on a damaged item.
An oriental roach is a cockroach
Oriental roaches are omnivorous, but they prefer to feed on starchy foods.
Oriental roaches feed on all kinds of filth.
Oriental roaches prefer damp, cool, dark areas.
Most Oriental roaches get inside homes by accident.
Oriental rugs add a touch of intrigue to any decor.
Oriental rugs adorn the hardwood floors.
Oriental rugs are a popular choice with homeowners and rightly so.
Oriental rugs are as adaptable to the casual living styles of today as to a formal board room.
Oriental rugs are available in a wide variety of styles, colors and price ranges.
Oriental rugs are beautiful.
Oriental rugs are either flat-woven or hand knotted.
Oriental rugs are rugs.
Oriental rugs are the bullies of the woven set.
Oriental rugs cover the travertine floor.
Oriental rugs differ from all other rugs in one important part, their pile.
Oriental rugs grace the floor and antique furniture help add to our ambiance.
Oriental rugs grace the floor and deep silled windows adorned with lace curtains.
Oriental rugs grace the marble floor.
Oriental rugs hang on the walls.
Oriental rugs woven with depressed warps have a large subsurface area for soil to collect unseen.
Every oriental rug is completely handmade from the finest wools and silks available.
Oriental salutations are tedious and complicated.
Oriental screens cover the windows, which prevent passers-by from peering in.
Oriental scripts pose particular problems because of the size of their character repertoires.
Oriental sore occurs quite frequently in the eastern Mediterranean region and southwestern Asia.
Oriental spices add a subtle soft note to create an unusual combination.
Oriental symbols are present.
Many Oriental teachings are silent on the subject.
Oriental tobacco gives a mild smoke with very characteristic aroma.
Oriental women compete in orginal decorations with chrysanthemums.
Oriental women have excretion.
Most oriental women have excretion.
Orientals also require birthright rolls.
Orientals are a high energy breed, and very social, both with people and other animals.
Orientals are better artists.
Orientals are so damn apathetic.
Orientals are sociable, talkative and affectionate, as well as playful.
Orientals are very affectionate cats and also very active.
Orientals bloom when the other lilies are finished.
Orientals have strong beliefs about the flow of life forces, just as many Native American groups do.
Orientals orientals erotic orgasms nudecom love for virgins nudecom.
Orientals practise also the blessing of rivers or the sea.
Orientals preserve in salt.
Orientals represent a diverse group of cats that have their foundation in the Siamese breed.
Orientals require ancestry rolls.
Orientals see their governments as predators, populated by corrupt power-seekers.
Orientals vary depending upon their ancestry.
More Orientals graduate from college and fewer go to prison.
Most orientals have small eyes.
An orientalism is quality
Orientalism is a theme that seems at once over-discussed and elusive.
Orientalism represents adversarial compulsion from the West.
An orientalist is a specialist
Many orientalists are of the opinion that Afghan society is an egalitarian and democratic society.
Orientation film is shown every half hour.
Orientation week does little to quell that awkwardness.
Orientation week is one sweet deal.
Orientation week occurs prior to first week of classes.
An orientation is a position
Orientation acquaints the resident with the program's rules, regulations and policies.
Orientation allows students to explore and embrace our many learning environments.
Orientation allows students to meet other students.
Orientation allows sunlight to warm the resting area during winter.
Orientation also includes a special session for family and friends of new students.
Orientation also includes academic advising and registration.
Orientation also offers an opportunity to meet fellow students from other departments and programs.
Orientation also offers students the opportunity to meet each other.
Orientation appears to be fertile ground for future couples.
Orientation assures proper usage of equipment for the best workout.
Orientation begins at the program base in the capital city of Ulaanbaatar.
Orientation begins for new undergraduate students.
Orientation begins immediately upon arrival in Nantes with a full week of intensive language study.
Orientation begins in two days, then classes.
Orientation begins several days prior to the beginning of the fall semester.
Orientation begins that afternoon.
Orientation begins that evening.
Orientation can also be a great opportunity to build alliances in the greater service community.
Orientation can even be present and be an unwanted nuisance.
Orientation Click on faces to view bios.
Orientation Coming Together is a Beginning.
Orientation consists of both social and academic activities.
Orientation consists of two days for nursing and hospital orientation.
Orientation Dates Shown below are the dates for student orientation .
Orientation defines the object space.
Orientation demonstrates the viewpoint of ultimate power.
Orientation describes how the branches are tilting.
Orientation develops in the first week.
Orientation explains norms, values, and how things get done.
Orientation facilitates interaction among the campus community and a sense of class identity.
Orientation features an extensive collection and index of content about the Czech Republic.
Orientation gives the student a chance to make important contacts with students and staff alike.
Orientation has four possible values.
Orientation has no monopoly on the heart.
Orientation has two summer sessions for transfer and adult students.
Orientation Have orientation exhibits at the entrances to provide a more in-depth experience.
Orientation Have orientation preferably before the actual learning visit.
Orientation Hold the orientation session close to the start of the internship.
Orientation includes a campus tour, academic advisement, and course selection.
Orientation includes a in-depth workshop on graduation requirements for all students.
Orientation includes an intensive Hebrew course.
Orientation includes current problems and trends in the field of developmental disabilities.
Orientation includes desert survival.
Orientation includes ground instruction, simulator and flight training.
Orientation Includes orientation to city, college, academic program and English language assessment.
Orientation includes self study with three days of in-class critical care course.
Orientation includes training and guidelines for responsible use and care of the equipment.
Orientation includes walking tours of New York City, barbecues, club nights, movies, and festivals.
Orientation indicates how the document is laid out on the page.
Orientation integrates psychodynamic and psychopharmacological approaches.
Orientation introduces students to the academic aspects of college.
Orientation introduces the client to the program rules, regulations, and philosophies.
Orientation involves an academic component as well as activities aimed at teaching teamwork.
Orientation is a compulsory activity which is run immediately preceding both semesters.
Orientation is a condition.
Orientation is a continuous program with all activities in a necessary sequence.
Orientation is a day-long program.
Orientation is a four day incredible event.
Orientation is a global cerebral function.
Orientation is a great place to start.
Orientation is a great way to learn the ropes and avoid freshman confusion.
Orientation is a mandatory prerequisite for all classes.
Orientation is a mandatory program.
Orientation is a matter of planning.
Orientation is a miserable time.
Orientation is a one-day session.
Orientation is a prerequisite for all other workshops.
Orientation is a prerequisite for discount rate group admission.
Orientation is a prerequisite for free or discount rate group admission.
Orientation is a process necessary to get employees off to a good start.
Orientation is a process of two-way communication.
Orientation is a required function.
Orientation is a required program for all new and transfer students.
Orientation is a required, but non-graded, program component.
Orientation is a requirement to participant in our monthly projects.
Orientation is a time to relax and to get to know people.
Orientation is a two and a half-hour presentation for new and transfer students.
Orientation is a two-part program.
Orientation is a week filled with fun, meeting new people, and great new experiences.
Orientation is about evenly divided between urban storm water and agriculture.
Orientation is about retention of good employees.
Orientation is accomplished through alignment of the data wiring conduit with an a known azimuth.
Orientation is also a great way for parents to see the campus and visit with staff.
Orientation is also a time for making new and sometimes lifelong friendships.
Orientation is also available to current employees.
Orientation is also the time when our students learn more about the annual Honors Retreat.
Orientation is also very easy.
Orientation is an exciting company and represents a tremendous career opportunity.
Orientation is an exciting time in the lives of new students and families.
Orientation is an interesting enterprise.
Orientation is an on-going process, year round due to the mobility of our student population.
Orientation is an opportunity for students to get a head start on their college experience.
Orientation is another.
Orientation is available for all volunteer positions.
Orientation is available in the form of library tours and classes.
Orientation is based on maximizing heat gain from the sun in winter and minimizing it in summer.
Orientation is based on past experience.
Orientation is by appointment only .
Orientation is by invitation only.
Orientation is clockwise from North.
Orientation is cognitive-behavioral, systemic and developmental.
Orientation is conducted by the instructor, usually on the first class date.
Orientation is conducted in-country after students' arrival.
Orientation is conducted with the specific needs of the international student in mind.
Orientation is considered the first day of employment, for most, and is a paid workday.
Orientation is coordinated here also.
Orientation is critical in an online course.
Orientation is critical to the student teacher's development of comfort and confidence.
Orientation is critical.
Orientation is designed as an informal and enjoyable time.
Orientation is designed to acquaint new students with each other as well as with the campus.
Orientation is designed to help new students adjust to college life.
Orientation is designed to help students with their transition to a campus environment.
Orientation is difficult, since the grid is too large to fit on one screen.
Orientation is down the rotation axis.
Orientation is European.
Orientation is everything.
Orientation is exclusively electronic, i.e., CD-ROM and the internet.
Orientation is for all students.
Orientation is for everyone .
Orientation is for new members only.
Orientation is FREE .
Orientation is free and covers information on day and evening classes.
Orientation is free and required before using the lab.
Orientation is free of charge for all students.
Orientation is free of charge, but seating is limited.
Orientation is free to all new students.
Orientation is free.
Orientation is generally Conservative and conservative.
Orientation is given to methods employed in casework, group work, and community organization.
Orientation is guaranteed to be an amazing time and a lot of fun.
Orientation is guided by an orientation pathway and skills checklist.
Orientation is held about two weeks prior to the beginning of a new quarter.
Orientation is held at different times during the month, depending on the location.
Orientation is held at the beginning of each long semester.
Orientation is held at the beginning of each semester and summer session.
Orientation is held before each quarter.
Orientation is held each semester for all new incoming students.
Orientation is held each semester one week prior to the start of classes.
Orientation is held for all new-benefited employees.
Orientation is held for all students during the first six weeks of school.
Orientation is held in a casual atmosphere.
Orientation is held monthly.
Orientation is held on the child's first day of school.
Orientation is held on the first two days of each session and is a required part of the program.
Orientation is held only on the first day.
Orientation is held prior to the beginning of the fall and spring semester.
Orientation is held throughout the year for new volunteers to attend.
Orientation is held two weeks prior to the beginning of the fall semester.
Orientation is highly recommended.
Orientation is in the fall.
Orientation is in the hotel as well.
Orientation is inconsistent but awareness of self, family and basic needs is increased.
Orientation is intact for person, time and place.
Orientation is intended for entering students and their parents or guardians only.
Orientation is intended to assist all new students with the transition to college life.
Orientation is intense in more ways than one.
Orientation is interesting.
Orientation is just as important for the part-timers as it is for the new herdsman.
Orientation is Lacanian.
Orientation is left as it is.
Orientation is maintained on an individual basis throughout the program.
Orientation is mandatory .
Orientation is mandatory and is conducted on a regular basis.
Orientation is mandatory and part of the first class meeting for all new and continuing students.
Orientation is mandatory for all entering transfer students.
Orientation is mandatory for all new and transferring students.
Orientation is mandatory for all students.
Orientation is mandatory for all telecourse students.
Orientation is mandatory for entering freshmen students.
Orientation is mandatory for first-timers.
Orientation is mandatory for new students.
Orientation is mandatory prior to being accepted.
Orientation is mandatory unless contract specifies otherwise.
Orientation is mandatory.
Orientation is manual using a rotate tag on a selected molecule, which can be slower.
Orientation is more like a reunion, because students are better prepared and more comfortable.
Orientation is more than just a get-acquainted session.
Orientation is much more complex than behavior.
Orientation is N to the left and E at bottom.
Orientation is N to the top left corner and E to the bottom left corner.
Orientation is necessary.
Orientation is normal.
Orientation is offered at the beginning of each semester.
Orientation is offered every month.
Orientation is offered five times a year.
Orientation is offered for student volunteers before beginning the program.
Orientation is offered to all freshmen.
Orientation is on applied research on development problems.
Orientation is on campus, unless otherwise listed.
Orientation is on the course webpage.
Orientation is on the course website.
Orientation is on the first day of each rotation.
Orientation is on-campus, unless otherwise listed.
Orientation is one hour.
Orientation is one of the best times of college life.
Orientation is on-line.
Orientation is online.
Orientation is only for new scholars.
Orientation is only the first step.
Orientation is part of the welcome for a volunteer.
Orientation is participation, reflection and understanding.
Orientation is performed for two groups.
Orientation is planned by a student and staff committee.
Orientation is primarily education, but includes psychology, sociology, and personnel work too.
Orientation is provided by the manager, in conjunction with tenant representatives.
Orientation is provided during the first classes for all students taking web-enhanced courses.
Orientation is provided for all incoming students.
Orientation is provided for all members, and training is ongoing.
Orientation is provided for interviewers.
Orientation is provided for new members.
Orientation is provided to every student who enters the university.
Orientation is provided to the policies, rights and daily living in America.
Orientation is provided, so no previous experience is necessary.
Orientation is provided.
Orientation is psychodynamic and interpersonal.
Orientation is quick, concise and to the point.
Orientation is random- parental homologues face either direction.
Orientation is recommended for all new students.
Orientation is required for admission to the first semester in the class.
Orientation is required for all first semester entering freshmen.
Orientation is required for all first-time students.
Orientation is required for all freshmen.
Orientation is required for all new freshmen and transfer students.
Orientation is required for all new students in order to be eligible to register for classes.
Orientation is required for all new students.
Orientation is required for all new to college students.
Orientation is required for all newly admitted non-native speakers.
Orientation is required for all students.
Orientation is required for early registration.
Orientation is required for everyone.
Orientation is required for freshman and is highly recommended for transfer students.
Orientation is required for new faculty and is highly recommended for returning faculty.
Orientation is required for new members.
Orientation is required for new students.
Orientation is required for recent high school graduates.
Orientation is required of all first-time entering freshmen.
Orientation is required of all incoming students.
Orientation is required of all students.
Orientation is required.
Orientation is resolved.
Orientation is scheduled around U work hours.
Orientation is scheduled at the beginning of each school year.
Orientation is seven nights and the cost includes all meals, hosts and some entertainment.
Orientation is simple.
Orientation is simply one step, often the largest step, in the greater licensing process.
Orientation is soon after application deadlines.
Orientation is the best time to teach the concept of collaborative practice.
Orientation is the first step in a new student's academic career.
Orientation is the first step in joining a Learning Community Seminar.
Orientation is the formal introduction of a new employee to the organization and the job.
Orientation is the formal introduction to university life.
Orientation is the name of the game.
Orientation is the only advisement available to new incoming students.
Orientation is the only opportunity for transfer students to pre-register for fall semester classes.
Orientation is the only way to register for classes.
Orientation is the process of acquainting new employees with the organization.
Orientation is the process of actively managing the new staff member s transition to the new job.
Orientation is the result of a complex process.
Orientation is the time to roll out the red carpet.
Orientation is toward development of personal effectiveness in dealing with others.
Orientation is toward map production.
Orientation is up and running.
Orientation is usually a two-day process.
Orientation is very critical to effective wayfinding.
Orientation is well-organized, thorough, comprehensive and enjoyable.
Orientation isa activity.
Orientation lasts approximately four hours.
Orientation lasts approximately one hour.
Orientation lays the foundation for the data warehousing project.
Orientation Locate the dwelling on the site so the narrow ends of the structure face east and west.
Orientation makes a big difference.
Orientation makes the direction of the document either vertical or horizontal.
Orientation marks the beginning of semester for all new students.
Orientation marks the beginning of semester for new students.
Orientation needs to be a process . . .
Orientation needs to do better job introducing the diversity of the institution.
Orientation normally occurs ten days after arrival.
Orientation occurs the four days before classes start.
Orientation occurs the quarter prior to departure.
Orientation plays an important role in plane-table traverse.
Orientation precedes assignment.
Orientation precedes the assignment.
Orientation prepares students for the personal challenges of college life.
Orientation prepares volunteers for living and teaching overseas.
Orientation presents the rudiments of legislative purpose, procedure, and culture.
Orientation processes the data into information.
Orientation provides an overview of the teacher s role in the American system of education.
Orientation provides information to make the life of an international student much easier.
Orientation Provides novice users with guidance on how to use the web components in a course.
Orientation provides some safety information, specifically in regard to sexual abuse.
Orientation reading involves reading as a wandering generality.
Orientation refers to definitions applied to others for scientific and scholarly purposes.
Orientation refers to the directionality of the structural gene.
Orientation reflects stress direction.
Orientation remains identical.
Orientation requires absence of strong noises, a good night's rest and absence of major discomfort.
Orientation requires cell contact ten minutes before cytokinesis begins.
Orientation requires full participation by attendees.
Orientation resolves the perceptual problems which underly many symptoms of dyspraxia.
Orientation seems to be more from the psychologist perspective than that of philosophers.
Orientation selects the print to be in a portrait or landscape position.
Orientation Selects the same orientation as the object.
Orientation Selects the width of the printed page.
Orientation sets the tone for the year.
Orientation socializes new people to the business.
Orientation specifies the rotation of the font.
Orientation specifies the ScrollBarOrientation of the control.
Orientation Start here.
Orientation Starting out with the right information can make the transition to SJSU a smooth one.
Orientation starts today.
Orientation takes about one hour.
Orientation takes place both at the beginning of a project and from time to time during the project.
Orientation takes place dockside, amidst a swarm of mosquitoes.
Orientation takes place during the first class.
Orientation takes place during the first two weeks after arrival in Madrid.
Orientation takes place during the week before the first week of classes.
Orientation takes place in Havana, Cuba prior to the start of the program.
Orientation takes place in Thailand.
Orientation takes place prior to the first week of classes.
Orientation Talk through the book.
Orientation varies each year.
Orientation walks and lectures, to familiarize students with field station and forests.
Orientation works reliably in various scenes.
Orientations are a special kind of keyboard variable.
Orientations are also open to the public.
Orientations are approximately twenty to forty minutes in length and are conducted by a librarian.
Orientations are attitude.
Orientations are available by appointment.
Orientations are available for new users and research assistance is available upon request.
Orientations are available in either a general format or subject specialty.
Orientations are available.
Orientations are by reservation only during the semesters.
Orientations are by reservation only.
Orientations are consistent with regional north-south shortening.
Orientations are direction.
Orientations are either a single number or a pair in square brackets.
Orientations are for new employees.
Orientations are for the birds.
Orientations are free and include an optional session for parents.
Orientations are free with daily admission.
Orientations are mandatory for all newly registered providers.
Orientations are one hour in length and are offered at three Manhattan locations.
Orientations are ongoing throughout the year.
Orientations are optionaly collected by the user in the orientation data base.
Orientations are placements.
Orientations are positions.
Orientations are relative locations.
Orientations are schedule before each semester.
Orientations are self awareness.
Orientations give parents the opportunity to meet their child's teacher and other parents.
Orientations have their significance in the investigation of literary history.
Orientations indicate types.
Orientations is required for co-op approval.
Orientations makes online credit card ordering easy.
Orientations normally last approximately two hours.
Orientations occur throughout the year in Vancouver.
Orientations range from horizontal upward facing to horizontal downward facing.
Orientations take place at the start of each shift.
Orientations take place regularly throughout the month.
Orientations take precedence over group study sessions.
Orientations vary from location theory to global .system analyses.
Orientation often sets the pace for drinking.
Orientation usually occurs just before the semester begins.
Orientations usually take place around the second week of every quarter.
All orientations contribute to the observed powder spectrum.
All orientations welcome.
Any orientation requires a lot of good material.
Most orientations indicate types.
Some orientation is needed regarding disciplines.
Some orientation is required.
Some orientations can have effects.
Some orientations can have significant effects.
Some orientations reflect functions.
Oriented calipers can also provide the necessary data for breakout analyses.
Oriented divisions occur within the neural keel.
Oriented materials are anisotropic.
Orifice plates are in common use in many installations.
Orifice plates cause pressure oscillations that can affect metering accuracy.
An orifice is a passageway
Orifice is in dark area in center just above grass clump.
Orifice is round with expansion of the polypide, but square in shape when it is retracted.
Orifices are adjustable for future variations in flowrates.
Orifices are easy to change to match major application rate changes.
Orifices are passage.
ORIG FEE are origination points.
Many origami artists are fond of playing with a string ring.
Origami paper is colored on one side, and white on the other.
An origami is art
Origami can be a relaxing, rejuvenating pasttime.
Origami can be difficult and takes a lot of practice.
Origami can provide a boost to self esteem.
Origami comes from the Japanese words for folding, ori , and the Japanese word for paper, kami .
Origami comes from the Japanese words for folding, ori, and the Japanese word for paper, kami.
Origami does all that in an enjoyable way.
Origami fold that is the basis for many different models.
Origami has all important features needed by users.
Origami helps develop fine motor skills, and the ability to follow directions.
Origami helps teach accuracy and concentration.
Origami is a cool hobby.
Origami is a folding editor.
Origami is a game of folding paper that the children of Japan enjoy.
Origami is a hands-on, slightly complex task which is unfamiliar to most people.
Origami is a Japanese traditional play using a sheet of paper.
Origami is a lovely art, but for some folks it's frustrating before it's rewarding.
Origami is a relatively painless way to have kids realize the importance of sequencing.
Origami is a style of folding paper into the shapes of animals and objects.
Origami is a tradition in Japan.
Origami is a traditional Japanese pastime.
Origami is also a popular craft in Japan.
Origami is an ancient art developed in Asia.
Origami is an ancient Chinese and Japanese art of paper folding.
Origami is an ancient craft of folding paper.
Origami is an ancient Japanese paper-folding technique.
Origami is an art of economy.
Origami is an art of paperfolding.
Origami is another highly structured art form.
Origami is basically a very small and intimate object.
Origami is especially popular among girls.
Origami is from Australia as well.
Origami is Japanese paper folding.
Origami is Japanese traditional paper art.
Origami is Japanese.
Origami is linked to math, multicultural awareness, and other valuable skills.
Origami is paper folding.
Origami is the ancient art of creating gorgeous creations by folding paper in certain ways.
Origami is the art of folding paper.
Origami is the craft of paper folding.
Origami is the Japanese art of folding paper into objects without cutting or pasting.
Origami is the Japanese art of folding paper.
Origami is the Japanese art of paper folding.
Origami is the Japanese art of paper-folding.
Origami is the Japanese craft of paper folding.
Origami is the Japanese word for the art of paperfolding.
Origami is the traditional Japanese art of folding paper into a variety of decorative shapes.
Origami is the traditional Japanese art of folding paper into objects.
Origami is the traditional Japanese way of folding paper to make toys.
Origami is unique among papercrafts in that it requires no materials other than the paper itself.
Origami is used in the USA as an art and as an educational and therapeutic tool.
Origami Make a model of the structure of DNA, among other intricate origami.
Origami needs both files to run.
Origami needs to know where it can find the keymap files.
Origami offers a photographic series of dinosaur, insect and dog models.
Origami provides a hands-on way to construct patterns.
Origami really does have many educational benefits .
Origami refers to the Japanese art of paper folding.
Origami takes shape in pop-up books, greeting cards and traditional crafts.
Origami There are always perturbations at the edge of any paradigm shift.
Origami traditionally uses paper instead fabric.
Origami Turn a flat piece of paper into a three dimensional object.
Origami uses a number of function and arrow keys that are non standard on different terminals.
Origamis are art.
Origamis are crafts.
Origamis are folding.
Origamis are forging.
Most origami is folded from an uncut square of paper.
Origin of birds Read a history of chickens or of a particular breed.
Origins of languages Learn the origins of the different families of languages.
Origin of life redirects here.
Origin of replication is always a palindrome.
Origin of replication is on the opposite side of plasmid from the two drug resistance genes.
Origins of replication are the sites at which DNA replication is initiated.
Origins of replication is organic matter.
Origin stories tell how people see themselves.
An origin is a point
Origin features templates such as stress vs. strain, force vs. time, temperature vs. time, etc.
Origin isa location.
Origin produces colorful, publication-quality graphs and charts.
Origin provides cost- effective translation solutions for businesses.
Origin shows chip-quality to the organic bachelor.
Origin stand according to the United States federal law however line.
Origin takes place in a parallel Ultima universe, two hundred years after the Great Cataclysm.
Origins affect results.
Origins are ancestry.
Origins are beginnings.
Origins are from the English, French, Portuguese, German, Polish and Jewish.
Origins are intersections.
Origins are many.
Origins are privileged moments in the formation of personal and social identity.
Origins are relations between subterms of intermediate terms and subterms of the initial term.
Origins are software.
Origins are sources.
Origins are the actual hard-core reason all the diversity began.
Origins are varied.
Origins are very tricky issues for science.
Origins become contemporary, and the primordial situation is embodied, so that life is re-generated.
Origins contains lots of papers on creationism, atheism, philosophy and related stuff.
Origins count for a lot in the island's boisterous politics.
Origins draw attention.
Origins exemplifies the benefits of close cooperation between domestic and international groups.
Origins finds the future in the beginning.
Origins has a lot of information on evolution and the age of the earth.
Origins have theories.
Origins is a combination of beauty and well-being which appeals to both feelings and senses.
Origins is a pro-evolution web site.
Origins is a serious decorative material made from recycled plastic.
Origins is a small, attractive publication that is produced twice a year.
Origins is for boardgamers.
Origins offers a comforting view of our place in the universe and among our fellow creatures.
Origins opens a freestanding store in SoHo, New York City.
Origins Organized crime, in Pittsburgh and elsewhere, is largely a story of immigrants and alcohol.
Origins organizes the seals according to their geographical origin.
Origins provide insight.
Origins publishes many Vatican documents.
Origins unearths some little-known forerunners.
Origins uses aromatic essential oils and botanical extracts in their products.
All origins here are loose and suspect .
Most origins affect results.
Most origins draw attention.
Most origins have theories.
Most origins provide insight.
Some origins have potential.
Some origins require knowledge.
Original act is available here.
Original anime can be remarkable indeed and is very much worth spending time on.
Original announcements seem to be intact.
Original antiques are mixed with modern amenities to make each room a unique experience.
Original applicant has the right to oppose.
Original application forms only.
Original applications are available at most main branch post offices or via our website.
Original applications are valid for one semester only.
Original applications remain on file for six months.
Original appointments are for staggered terms.
Original areas are hatched, later insertions are dotted.
Original arrangement is kept when possible.
Original art adorns the walls bathed in sunlight, filtered through the forest of trees outside.
Original art covers the walls and lends a stimulating touch.
Original art covers the walls.
Original art does circulate.
Original art gives homes a personal touch.
Original art graces the walls.
Original art is a pleasure that makes a lasting impression.
Original art is also available as well as commissioned art.
Original art is an investment.
Original art is available at rates substantially less than commercial agencies.
Original art is displayed in the living room gallery.
Original art is used to illustrate Camus' themes.
All original art is also for sale.
All original art is for sale, as are prints and books.
All original art is framed with triple mats, conservation materials and quality wood frames.
All original art is owned by their respectable owners.
Original article is available on request.
Original articles are also available.
Original articles are available on request.
Original articles are peer-reviewed.
Original articles are reports of original studies with new and valuable results.
Original articles pertaining to health in Texas are preferred.
All original articles written for interRogue are subject to release by interRogue staff.
Original artwork accompanies a new seasonal topic each month.
Original artwork adorns the walls and common areas.
Original artwork adorns the walls of each room.
Original artwork adorns the walls, and the hotel also boasts the only mikveh bath in Poland.
Original artwork decorates the walls.
Original artwork graces the hotel's public rooms and private spaces.
Original artwork intensifies the viewers' experience.
Original artwork is also a major and expensive component of today's Web sites.
Original artwork is also available.
Original artwork is available on a per-quote basis.
Original artwork is painted in watercolours, acrylics, and air brush designs.
Original artwork is painted on guest bedroom walls.
Original artwork is part of the comfortable mix.
Original artwork is preferred, drawn black on white, with lettering in pencil.
Original artwork is preferred.
Original artwork is returned after publication.
Original artwork is solicited by the editor, usually to accompany specific manuscripts.
Original artwork is used as a decor accent in each one of the restaurants.
Original artwork makes a unique gift that lasts through time.
Original artwork provides a unique finishing touch to home decor.
Original artwork remains the property of the artist unless it is specifically purchased.
Original artwork scans the best.
Original artworks are in red .
All original artwork is available for personal non-commercial use.
All original artwork is Copyrighted by the individual artists.
All original artwork is copyrighted by their respective authors.
All original artwork is created by adults with developmental disabilities.
All original artworks are property of the artist.
Some original artwork is now for sale.
Original audio is copied to different locations.
Original author is un- known.
Original authors respond to all of the letters.
Original authors retain all copyrights.
Original authorship is credited wherever possible.
Original balance is due at delivery of proofs.
Original band seeks reliable, experienced, open minded drummer.
Original bands have to go out of town to try and break.
Original beauty is perceived from objects that occur naturally in our experience.
Original binding is intact.
Original bindings are preferred.
Original bindings are strongly preferred.
Many original bits remain, like the ground-floor chimney at the rear of the house.
Original boards display some wear, as do corners and spine covers, all original.
Original bottom is tight and dry after swelling up.
Original box has little vintage graphics of various sports.
Original box is a bit torn.
Original box is worn.
Original box shows that there was a bar pin that matched.
Original bridge is compensated solid ebony.
Many original brochures are available.
Original building is logs.
Many original buildings remain and are well maintained.
Many original buildings remain today and are in remarkable condition.
Some original buildings are still intact.
Some original buildings remain along with a small population.
Original butters are known only in clear crystal, pink, blue and green transparent.
Original cabin remains.
Original carburettors are easy to distinguish.
Original cartoons portray life's daily dissociations.
Original case is nicer than some of our newer ones.
Original cash register receipt with the products and prices circled.
Original catalogers attempt to import all needed authority records during the cataloging process.
Original causes can date back from one's past life or past incarnations.
Original cello is present but has major tears.
Original cemetery is no longer in existence.
Original certifications are on file and available upon request.
Original chandeliers adorn the main parlor and dining room.
Original characters created by fan fiction authors belong to the author.
All original characters remain the property of their respective creators.
Original claims constitute their own description.
Original clippings are preferred, but clear, original sized photocopies are acceptable.
Original cloth cover with gilt lettering.
Original cloth spine with paper label and cardboard boards.
Original clothing can also help in determining the age.
All original collections are non-circulating.
Original colour is Arctic white.
Original colours are soft, while the reproduction colours tend to be strong and harsh.
Original colouring is sometimes sloppy, as it was occasionally done by children.
Original comments are in black, commentary is in red.
Many original components tell additional tales as the bridge lifts and lowers.
Original compositions build entrancing aural textures and forms.
Original compositions round out the performances.
Original concept is designed by episteme-san.
Original concrete is still present here.
Original condition is always very important to the value.
Original content comes from instructors who are recognized experts in their fields.
Original content continues to grow in other areas, such as websites for children and online games.
Original content includes erotica articles, photography, stories and more.
Original content includes stories, essays and artwork.
Original content is always good.
Original content is created by first opening a new document.
Original content is important, no pages of just links to other sites.
Original content is important.
Original content is key .
Original content is sometimes hard to find, but can make or break a site's chance of getting listed.
Original content is the best content.
Original content is the key to a good Web page.
Original content is the most important trait of a great Web site.
Original content is what makes a website good.
Original content proliferates in many cases, on the web only.
All original content is copy righted by the web author.
All original content is copyrighted by the author.
All original content is protected under United States intilectual property laws.
All original content is subject to peer review.
All original content is the opinion of the authors.
All original content is the property of it's originators.
All original content is the property of their respective owners.
Any original content is fine.
Most original content is on the resources page.
Original contributions are welcome from members in good standing.
Original contributions are welcome.
Original contributions become our property upon acceptance and payment.
Original contributions welcome.
Original copies are about as rare as modern cookbooks get.
Original copies are easy to come by in used game shops or online as well.
Original copies are extremely expensive and often in poor condition.
Original copies are hard to find and expensive.
Original copies are preferred.
Original copies are rare.
Original copies exist today.
Original copy is mailed to employee and file copy is retained in the employee's personnel file.
All original copies are to be clean and flat.
Original copyrights are herein appended to the Web pages to which they apply.
All original copyrights apply to all material, images, music, words, etc.
All original copyrights apply.
Original cost includes installation, shipping, and sales tax.
Original cost is the cost of acquisition of a property.
Original covers are shiny laminated, later covers are dull.
All original covers have a glossy coated paper stock, both front and back.
Any original creation is protected, whether it is published or unpublished.
Original cultures maintain their individual identities.
Original dance needs some work.
Original date precedes six phase heating patents.
Original data are of great value in all projects.
Original data can be a perfect impetus for getting students to think.
Original data come from many sources-from handwritten log books to satellite output in digital form.
Original data is listed in chart or graph form, or both.
Original data is of great value in all projects.
Original data is used to add back forested, shrub and saturated wetlands.
Original description follows.
Original design features swirling red blooms, one falling gently at the hem.
Original design has slight blackened look.
Original design has smoldered sterling balls around edges of huge pearl.
Original design is executed from a sketch and a sample garment is constructed.
Original designs are also welcome.
Original designs are available in magnets or on our oak stained wooden plaques.
Original designs are one type of what is called intellectual property.
Original designs call for airplane landing strips to be built alongside the lanes.
Original designs combine love of quilts and love of flowers.
Original designs use genuine seaglass, recycled glass, stones, pearls, beads, and sterling silver.
Many original designs are available.
Some original designs show rainbows.
Original designers make style.
Most original designers make style.
Original dial has some age but still too good to refinish.
Original dial is black with luminous numbers and hands.
Original dial is silver with raised applied markers and hands.
Original dial is white with raised gold markers.
Original discovery is everything.
Original distribution is unclear as the species has been widely cultivated.
Original document is recorded with a date and time.
Original documents are especially welcome.
Original documents are for display purposes only.
Original documents are on file .
Original documents are preferred but certified copies are acceptable.
Original documents are preferred, but certified copies are acceptable.
Original documents are the raw stuff of history.
Original documents are unique and irreplaceable.
Original documents belong in the client s master file in the field.
Original documents bring the world of medieval architecture to life.
Original documents can add an element of interest and authority to research.
Original documents have the power to shed new light on the relationships between botany and culture.
Original documents provide the foundation for an accurate historical account.
All original documents remain in the ownership of the archive.
Some original documents are on display.
Original documentation gives only glimpses of what happened.
Original documentation is available with the vessel.
Original documentation is provided in one thick manual.
Original documentation is required as proof.
Original documentation is required to keep the account open.
Original documentation is required.
Original documentation needs to be stapled to the back of the form.
Original drawings are available.
Original drawings are vastly superior to photographs or photocopies of originals.
Original drawings predominate.
Original driver interprets both mouse wheels as vertical.
Some original drummers die in crashes.
Many original elements remain, including windows and heart-pine floors.
Original enamel dial with chips and damage to the dial.
Original enamel is intact.
Original engine is out, but available.
Original entries are eligible to receive prize money for their entire lives once enrolled.
Original equipment consists of a discarded sausage grinder.
Original equipment consumes more energy than it needs to.
All original exams are to be postmarked the day following the due-date.
Original examples show the battalion name marked on the barrel.
Original fables poke fun at human foibles through the antics of animals.
Original factory specifications use manufacture techniques.
Original factory specifications use modern manufacture techniques.
Original factory specifications use modern techniques.
Original factory specifications use techniques.
Original farmhouses known as fincas have authentic character and charm.
Many original features remain in the Inn.
Original file is copied to tmp.tmp as a backup.
Original files are here .
Original files are here.
Original files are never converted-they are simply updated.
Original finish is in near perfect condition as is the entire guitar.
Original finish is in very good condition.
Original finish is very important, as is excellent condition and no missing components.
Original finish shows some wear.
Original fireplaces warm the common rooms.
Original fish prints on t-shirts, sweatshirts, aprons, tote bags, hats and mugs.
Many original fittings remain.
Some original feet do have ribs but the spacing is much wider.
Original forests are areas that have never been logged or reforested.
Original forms have the gateway proticos - columns and painted perches.
Original friction pegs in good working order, original nut and frets.
Original furnishings grace the elegant apartments.
Original furnishings show the family's accumulation over two hundred years.
All original furnishings remain.
Many original furnishings remain in the building.
Much original furniture is on display.
Original game has many sheets, where players write down information from different origins.
Original game includes new bonuses.
Original game is from one of shogi game.
Original garments give construction details.
Some original gloss is lost and the edges show moderate wear.
Every original grade remains a part of the permanent record.
All original graphics are digitally watermarked for identification.
Original habitat is obscure.
Original hardware is chrome instead of the more commonly used nickel plating.
Original headliner is available.
Original house has authentic trim with hardwood floors.
Original ideas are more likely to surface.
Original ideas are preferable, but marketable ones are better.
Original ideas are the rarity.
Original ideas are welcome as well.
Original ideas come to every human being with a functional brain.
Original ideas makes all the diffrence.
Original ideas receive priority over responses to previous columns.
Any original idea produced is apt to be of minor import.
Any original ideas are obviously mistakes.
Original image is a poster size.
Original image needs to be of type indexed color.
Original images Works well at all screen sizes.
All original images apply.
All original images are in color.
Any original images are free for copying and distributing as the user see fits.
Original impressions are extremely rare.
Original income includes pensions but excludes all other social transfers.
Original information is done in the requesting department.
Original information is kept on file.
Original information is retained by the accounting control section.
All original information is free for distribution and use.
Original instruments are better than their copies - as anyone can agree.
Original invoice is required.
Original invoices are preferred.
Original issue comes with a fold-open cover with credits and insert inside.
Original issue has a flattened spine.
Original issue has a thicker paper sleeve than the reissue.
Original issue has two posters and two stickers inside.
Original issue is laminated.
Original item is replaced with the compressed version.
All original items are subject to recall by the lending library at any time.
All original items including plastic bags have to be returned.
Original jokes are so designated.
Original jurisdiction is the power to try a case.
Original jurisdiction means the case goes to that court in the first instance.
Original kits cover the cars without safety appliances and with wood roofs and wood end ladders.
Original label has wrong hose routing, evaporative family name and bar code.
Original label increases the price and collectiblilty.
Original label is black with silver print.
Original label is yellow with black printing.
All original labels have bright, sharp silver print.
Original leather covers in reasonable condition, slightly scuffed.
Original leather handle intact.
Original legislation is due on the first night of the simulation.
Original letter missing, the library has two copies, one a typescript, one a carbon.
Original letters are on file in our office.
Original letters are on file.
Original letters increase the chance of being read.
Original line is here.
Original lineation is maintained.
All original links are preserved, so the cached page is functionally equivalent to the original.
Original list is unnumbered.
Original literature is discussed in conference groups.
Original location is in the Theatre District.
Original machines feature weapons production technology.
Original magazine is retained.
Original manuals are available.
Original manufacturers have advantage.
Original manufacturers have clear advantage.
Original manufacturers have productivity advantage.
Most original manufacturers have advantage.
Most original manufacturers have clear advantage.
Most original manufacturers have productivity advantage.
Original manuscripts are preferred.
Original manuscripts are welcome.
Original manuscripts hold a strange fascination for scholars and lovers of literature.
Original material consists of everything except the images and the comments, excerpts, reviews, etc.
Original material includes quizes on the rules.
Original material is acceptable in moderation.
Original material is copyrighted as indicated on each page.
Original material is currently in cold storage located off-site.
Original material is encouraged.
Original material is published in either English or French.
Original material is unacceptable.
Original material is welcome.
Original material performed with a professionalism very few Nordic salsa bands can meet.
All original material is Copyrighted by the author.
All original material is copyrighted.
All original material is returned with the order.
All original material is returned.
Some original material including banjo instrumentals are a regular part of their performances.
Some original materials contain information.
Some original materials have nodes.
Original memoir is written in three parts.
Original message follows.
Original messages are listed in the main index , follow-up messages are in the thread index .
Original microfiche is stored in an underground storage facility in Hutchinson, Kansas.
Original millstone is wrapped around the drainage grate in front of the door.
Original models are very rare nowadays.
Original music can dazzle and excite the senses.
Original music is a hallmark of our productions.
Original music is another feature of Seraphim Communication's audio production suites.
Original music is available in printed form.
Original music is encouraged.
Original music is from local artists inspired by an illusion.
Original music is used to heighten the tense, dramatic moments.
Original music underscores the colorful undersea photography.
Original music underscores the vivid undersea photography.
Original names are on back of print.
Original nature notes the true nature of our being, in other words.
Many original newspapers are available on microfilm via interlibrary loan.
Original numbers samba and slink and are served straight-up or stirred with fusion.
Original observations are all in the same format in an observation per page report.
All original oils have a print available and all prints have an original oil available.
Original ones are nice but early post war are identical.
Original order is maintained.
Original owners manuel.
Original owners tend to take better care of their vehicles.
All original owners retain their copyrights.
Original ownership is established by copy of a dated sales receipt.
Original packs have the product code.
Original packaging is preferred when returning the wireless ethernet card.
All original packaging is available.
Original pads are also available on request.
Original pagination is indicated in bold brackets.
Original pagination is noted in square brackets.
Original paint has some minor cracking and separation.
Original paint is especially prized.
Original paint is excellent.
All original paint is in excellent condition with no rust or parking lot dings.
Original painting is still available.
Original painting is unknown.
Original paintings are also available.
Original paintings are available for sale.
Original paintings are on sight the minute a visitor steps in the door.
Original paintings are silent and still in a sense that information never is.
Original paintings sculpture limited editions.
Original Paintings Welcome to our new collection for original art.
All original paintings are acrylic on canvas and are matted and framed.
All original paintings are alkyd on panel.
All original paintings are custom framed at no additional charge.
All original paintings are in the collection of the artist.
Many original paintings decorate the walls.
Original paper covers.
Original paper folds show minute signs of damage.
Original paper folds show signs of damage.
Original papers are especially welcome.
Original papers discussing work in progress are acceptable and encouraged.
Original papers predominate.
Original papers present the results of full-length studies.
Original papers report clinical and laboratory findings.
Original papers report the basic and applied studies on farm work science and the related fields.
Original papers Represent a substantial body of laboratory or clinical work.
Original parts increase the value of the vehicle.
All original parts belong to the respective authors.
All original parts come with it for the collector.
Original passport is required.
Original petrol pump valve and seat ground in to remove uneveness.
Original photo is returned.
Original photo shows site of a sheep camp and bedding ground.
Original photos are larger, sharper, and of much better quality.
Original photos can be virtually any size.
Original photos offer the best reproduction options.
Original photographs are available for specialized research only.
Original photographs are available to registered researchers by appointment.
Original photographs are essential for all half-tone images and colour work.
Original photographs are sturdy enough to stand without support.
Original photographs are, by their very nature flat images in terms of layers.
All original photographs are the copyrighted property of the original photographers.
Some original photographs appear in newspapers.
Original photography comes only with the information known by the photographer or staff.
Original photography is charged at an hourly rate.
Original picture ca.
All original pictures remain the property of the respective authors.
Original plaintiffs seek merger of three boards of higher education.
Original plans are almost never available.
Original plans have a very limited life.
Original plans suggest using a piece of cardboard as a spacer on the seat support block.
Original plaster remains in the stone interfaces.
Original poetry is welcome.
Original position assures that every person has equal rights including the most basic liberty.
Original post is at the end.
Original posts are still in the archives.
Many original posts contain only one-topic, which was wonderful.
Original postage is non refundable.
Original poster gives up, asks Cousin for recommendation.
Original pressings have yellow letter head on the label with black background.
Original price plays a large part in determining value.
Original prices are in Japanese yen, but U.S. dollar translations are provided.
Original prices are virtually mythical.
Original prints are available for purchase.
Original prints are hand-made graphics, which are produced in accordance with an existing print.
Original processor is unknown.
Original programmer sends underpaid testing department a postcard from Fiji.
Original projects are preferred to redesigning existing software.
Original radiator goes with car.
Original receipt is needed in order to refund the money.
Original receipt is required.
Original receipt is retained.
Original receipts are necessary for all reimbursable expenses.
Original receipts are necessary for major expenses, such as hotel and car rentals.
Original receipts are necessary for reimbursement.
Original receipts are sometimes difficult to obtain from hotels, etc.
Original recipe calls for aging between seven and one hundred years.
Original recipe calls for one heart and one beef tongue.
Original recipe is fine, but something is missing.
Many original recipes survive with various modes of preparation.
Original records are an integral part of genealogical research.
Original records are as yet unavailable.
Original records are to be kept by the licensed applicator.
Original records remain in possession of the local clergy.
All original records have an ASN of zero.
Most original records are now off-site.
Original recordings are in stereo and digitally mixed to produce the highest quality sound.
Original registrar has the right to refuse the transfer of an expired and unpaid domain.
Original relationships deserve an original creation.
Original release has a gatefold cover.
Original research can take a number of forms, depending on the discipline it pertains to.
Original research forms the basis for the dissertation.
Original research furnishes the material for teaching and the matter which is contained in books.
Original research goes beyond reliance on secondary accounts of other scholars.
Original research includes comprehensive and original interpretations of the literature.
Original research is certainly welcome.
Original research is conducted in partial fulfillment of the requirements of a degree program.
Original research is demonstrated by publishing papers in refereed journals.
Original research is emphasized.
Original research is encouraged.
Original research is especially welcome.
Original research is of basic importance for graduate study.
Original research is published in the form of full papers, short communications and case reports.
Original research is reported only for illustrative purposes.
Original research is requested.
Original research is required if the thesis option is chosen.
Original research is the most important part of graduate study at Georgetown.
Original research is welcome.
Original research lies at the heart of a Ph.D. program.
Original research reports on biochemistry and molecular biology.
Original researches are fact, allegations for which no reliable, published sources exist.
Original scabbard has some alterations and one ring is missing.
Original scale is unknown.
Original scores bring the stories to life.
Original sculptures are hand-made out of clay, etc.
Original sculptures including indoor, outdoor, interactive and installation artworks are welcome.
All original sculptures are bronze cast in limited editions only.
Original seats are made of cherry, recent replacements are mahogany.
Original sector is stored at the last disk sector.
Original sender pays postage.
Original session is available from the rfbproxy Web pages.
Original sessions run every weekend of the year and most nights in season.
Original shafts are better.
Some original shell is still present, and portions have a pearly sheen.
Original signature is necessary due to card processing regulations.
Original signature is needed for an application to be considered.
Original signature is required on application AND background check release form.
Original signature is required on the application being submitted.
Original signature is required to process transcript.
Original signature is required.
Original signatures are available for examination by servicing departments.
Original signatures are on the approval page of all required copies.
Original signatures are preferred.
Original sin exists.
Original sin has to do with our state, that is, our condition.
Original sin has vim coactivam , the power of a law which binds the subject to allegiance.
Original sin is a doctrine about human origins and human nature, both now subjects of science.
Original sin is a property of the young.
Original sin is a spiritual blindness, a corruption of the human soul and mind.
Original sin is a thing common to all infants descended from Adam by ordinary generation.
Original sin is caused by the semen as instrumental cause.
Original sin is creed
Original sin is like quicksilver, always in motion.
Original sin is religious doctrines.
Original sin is sin
Original sin is sin.
Original sin is still alive and well.
Original sin is the basic sin and can only be removed through the Blessing.
Original sin is the cause of all actual sin.
Original sin is the in- nate depravity and corruption of the nature common to all mankind.
Original sin is the source of personal sin.
Original sin is transmitted as leprosy is conveyed to the children of lepers.
Original sin means that even the best people are driven by a mixture of motives some good, some bad.
Original sin means that the child is born genetically selfish.
Original sin offers another series of related metaphors.
Original sin plays no favorites.
Original sin sets the head plotting evil, and the hands working it.
Original sin shows itself in sinful actions and conditions.
Original site is here .
Original site is in New Zealand.
Original sketches are included, each is signed and dated.
All original sketches are available for sale.
Original slides are preferable to duplicate prints for color reproduction.
Original slides exist for usage.
Original slogan design a pparel by racers for racers and fans alike.
Original solution is incomplete or incorrect but corrected version is complete and correct.
Original songs abound here, however, and offer some of most humorous moments of the disc.
Original songs focus on love, friendship and passages of life.
Original songs help highlight letter recognition, preposition use and rhyming skills.
Original sound is analog by definition.
Many original sounds make up the arrangements.
Original source is here .
Original source is unknown.
Original sources can be obscure.
Original sources contain full or excerpted text of a speech.
Original species are richer in genes than mutated species.
Original specifications use manufacture techniques.
Original specifications use modern manufacture techniques.
Original specifications use modern techniques.
Original specifications use techniques.
Most original specifications use manufacture techniques.
Most original specifications use modern manufacture techniques.
Most original specifications use modern techniques.
Most original specifications use techniques.
Some original specimens support ideas.
Original sticker is still on the side.
Original stocks shows traits that some breeder wanted and selected for.
Original stories promote reading comprehension, reasoning abilities, vocabulary, and more.
Original strips are unavailable.
Many original structures are still on the property.
Some original structures dating back hundreds of years still stand in some areas.
Original student works from drama, dance, music and visual arts.
Original stuff catches people's eyes and gets more traffic.
Original submissions are the intellectual property of the author.
All original submissions are additions.
Original suspicions indicate that there was too much nudity in that episode.
Original symbols are the only symbols that are sent out.
Original taco shells after it confirmed the use of the genetically engineered corn.
Original tails are dark brown to black, with four or five narrow white crossbands.
Original Tees Buy by the piece or buy wholesale for resale.
Original testimony regarding the living conditions of the working class is provided.
Original text is compressed and occupies much less space than a word-processed file.
Original text is enlarged for easier reading.
Original text is in italics .
Original text is stored in delete buffer.
All original text is copyrighted by the author.
All original text is maintained accurately.
All original texts are public domain .
Some original texts are available to be illustrated.
Original thinkers are few and far between.
Original thought involves forward thinking.
Original thought is a very distant last.
Original thought is all well and good, but research is essential.
Original thought is always a scarce commodity.
Original thoughts is more important than original research.
Some original timber is installed in non-structural places.
Original timeline is to be followed.
Original title is original.
Original titles are in parentheses.
Original titles are in the state archives.
Original transoms remain above the doors.
Original transoms remain.
Original transparencies are available for the Professional artist.
Original transparencies are available with certain conditions attached.
All original transparencies O ur clients, naturally demand the very best in quality.
Original uses envisioned for the protocol look very little like current implementations and uses.
Original vanilla is rare and expensive.
Original vegetation is deciduous forest.
Original version has tight power bass.
Original version is Japanese.
Original versions are full flavor.
Original versions limit the background to a uniform gray.
Original video is returned to persons providing video in most cases.
All original videotapes are the property of the City of Yuma Electronic Communications Office.
Original views are much larger.
Original volume contains short biographies and many photos.
Original volume is valuable.
Original warranty applies.
Original watercolors are available as well as notecards and color laser print reproductions.
Original Watercolors are available framed or unframed and special purchase plans can be arranged.
Original wood is in nice condition with no splits or cracks.
Some original woodwork remains.
Original work can be film or tape.
Original work can include drawings, articles, computer programs and written material.
Original work demands original thought and organization of thoughts.
Original work includes clinical or laboratory investigations, and clinical reports.
Original work is based ona deep understanding of all the work that has gone before.
Original work is preferred.
Original work is required for all assignments.
Original work is required.
Original work is the most valuable contribution that can be made.
Original works are available.
Original works are in a variety of paint media or paint plus digital alteration.
Original works are no less important for teaching courses in conservation and museum studies.
Original works vary from paintings and engravings to sculptural lighting.
All original work is for sale, please contact the artist for details.
All original work is protected by intellectual property laws.
All original works belong to their rightful owners.
Original wraps rebound in blue buckram.
Original writers use parentheses.
All original writings are the legal property of the creator unless otherwise stated.
An original is a creation
Originals alt rock flavor.
Originals appear for the first two volumes only.
Originals are also available in teak.
Originals are also available.
Originals are at Savannah River.
Originals are available and commission questions are welcome .
Originals are available and commission questions welcome .
Originals are available as indicated below.
Originals are available as slides or high-res digital files.
Originals are available by negotiation.
Originals are available by request only.
Originals are available for consultation if necessary.
Originals are available for private viewings by appointment only.
Originals are available for purchase.
Originals are available in galleries, hotels, fine art and gift shops.
Originals are available in watercolor or oil, and commission questions welcome.
Originals are available only as noted.
Originals are available only on a limited basis and under specific terms and conditions.
Originals are available, and commission questions welcome.
Originals are best, but sometimes copies are best suited to the needs of the show.
Originals are common and very useful.
Originals are even better.
Originals are for sale along with signed prints of most two dimensional pieces.
Originals are for sale.
Originals are impossible.
Originals are in black and white.
Originals are in off-site storage.
Originals are in states of birth.
Originals are larger and better quality.
Originals are models.
Originals are occasionally for sale.
Originals are of higher quality.
Originals are on watermarked rag linen.
Originals are preferred but copies are acceptable.
Originals are preferred, but photographs are great too.
Originals are preferred.
Originals are quite rare now.
Originals are rare and hard to find.
Originals are rare as golddust.
Originals are single or duplicate.
Originals are very fragile.
Originals are VERY rare.
Originals can be either color or black and white.
Originals can be either reflective art or transparencies.
Originals can be flat art, digital scans or application files.
Originals can be from slides, photographs or computer files.
Originals can be very difficult to obtain.
Originals can fix ya right up.
Originals Click on paintings for larger views and more information.
Originals compress better than high-generation photocopies.
Originals cost more than re-releases.
Originals cost up to several thousand dollars a copy.
Originals cost up to thousands of dollars each.
Originals feature heavily in their repertoire.
Originals Get free invitation samples and brochure.
Originals gifs too.
Originals is still a home -based business.
Originals is the notable exception.
Originals measure approx.
Originals only please.
Originals probably go for big bucks in galleries.
Originals remain in the vault.
Originals reside in various public and private collections.
Originals sell for VERY high prices.
Originals always scan better than a photocopy.
All originals are on professional film and are sharp and well exposed.
All originals come with a custom frame.
Every original is a long labor of love.
Most originals have a face that is very discernible and a look that ranges from joyful to serene.
Most originals reside in private collections all over the world.
Some originals are available and others as reproductions only.
Some originals are still available .
Some originals are still available.
Some originals remain unframed and can be purchased alone.
An originalism is a belief
Originalism better respects the notion of the Constitution as a binding contract.
Originalism has a lot of problems.
Originalism is a method, in truth the only legitimate method, of constitutional interpretation.
Originalism is, of course, conditioned in some sense by historicism.
Originalisms are beliefs.
Originality abounds here.
Originality actually demands repetition.
Originality Be Different.
Originality becomes hard to separate from plagiarism if no author is cited on a Web page.
Originality becomes less important.
Originality breeds difficulty.
Originality can be affordable.
Originality can be an anathema to a bureaucracy.
Originality can be the key to gaining the public's recognition.
Originality can wait.
Originality comes from what is unique about our lives and our imaginations.
Originality counts for a good deal in the presentation.
Originality demonstrates persistence .
Originality depends only on the character of the drawing and the vision peculiar to each artist.
Originality does sometimes pay dividends.
Originality equals vulnerability.
Originality evolves slowly before erupting on the scene as an 'overnight success'.
Originality goes a long way in our book.
Originality goes a long way, though.
Originality goes out the window.
Originality has a low tolerance threshold.
Originality includes a novel or a student's e-mail message to a professor.
Originality is a contradiction in terms.
Originality is a good thing.
Originality is a much prized commodity in science.
Originality is a natural result of sincere creative pursuit.
Originality is a plus.
Originality is a priority with no compromise on quality.
Originality is a valuable characteristic of any artist.
Originality is a way of life for children.
Originality is ability.
Originality is about new ideas.
Originality is always hard to come by.
Originality is always part of their recipe for making music.
Originality is always something tricky to prove.
Originality is an ability to think independently and imaginatively.
Originality is an expensive luxury.
Originality is an understatement.
Originality is another one of the aces they hold, and whats more, they're all great singers as well.
Originality is another quality that sets good research apart from other types.
Originality is antithetical to novelty.
Originality is Appreciated.
Originality is both a statutory and constitutional require- ment.
Originality is combined with form in eloquent religious poems.
Originality is critical, both in freshness of imagery as well as in use of language and metaphor.
Originality is defined as the ability to do, make, or think up something original.
Originality is described as the degree of uncommonness.
Originality is desired in the topics.
Originality is disadvantageous to a composer at first in two ways.
Originality is easy.
Originality is encouraged.
Originality is even more suspect.
Originality is evident.
Originality is exactly what Insurrection has, the film's supporters claim.
Originality is guaranteed, and all items are certified to be in good working order.
Originality is harder to pin down.
Originality is important.
Originality is key.
Originality is largely absent and energy is lacking.
Originality is more important to some people than the amount of money spent.
Originality is necessary.
Originality is nothing but judicious imitation.
Originality is nothing by judicious imitation.
Originality is often just a matter of seeing familiar phenomena in a new light.
Originality is only possible if the artist has the courage and the discipline to be totally honest.
Originality is originality, no matter what medium it arises in.
Originality is power
Originality is prized.
Originality is punk.
Originality is quality.
Originality is rewarded.
Originality is scored according to innovation and creativity.
Originality is simply a pair of fresh eyes.
Originality is skill at producing ideas that are different from the obvious.
Originality is something else.
Originality is something Hollywood wants.
Originality is suppressed.
Originality is the critical challenge.
Originality is the essence of true scholarship.
Originality is the hardest aspect of writing to define.
Originality is the key here.
Originality is the key to password protection.
Originality is the key.
Originality is their modus operandi.
Originality is to create something from zero.
Originality is unexplored territory.
Originality is very important.
Originality is what sells.
Originality is what they'd like to convey to their audience.
Originality is what to look for.
Originality is, by definition, rare, even in the lives of creative writers.
Originality is, sometimes, difficult to maintain when working with such famous and popular music.
Originality lacks to a degree, though.
Originality leads to a new definition, a new inclusion even, in the status quo.
Originality makes the movie interesting.
Originality means that no one else has previously submitted a similar insight.
Originality refers to unique, unusual responses.
Originality remains a mystery for generations.
Originality requires honest thought.
Originality requires that scientific research be novel.
Originality requires that the work be created through the independent effort of the author.
Originality requires that the work be new.
Originality requires that work be created through the independent effort of the author.
Originality saves the day.
Originality wins extra points, so avoid the commonplace and the fashionable.
All originality is imitation, of course.
Some originality shows up on the sushi rolls.
Originary interest can therefore in the changing economy never appear in a pure unalloyed form.
An origination fee is a fee
Origination fees are a processing fee retained by lenders.
Origination fees are fees.
Origination fees are points in disguise.
Origination fees vary based on employment and credit criteria.
Origination Fees vary depending on employment and credit.
Origination fees vary.
An origination is a beginning
Origination Gain a comprehensive understanding of the origination process.
Origination is the unity of being and naught.
All origination printing and finishing is done in-house.
An originator is a creator
Originator asks to be credited in other derived products.
Originator delivers all queued packets to the target mud.
Originator delivers an oob-end packet, signalling completion.
Originator disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.
Originators alone are responsible for statements made.
Originators are creators.
Originators are to be identifying access categories on all correspondence.
Originators find direct debits easy and convenient to use in much the same way as customers.
Originators have an improved search function, which allows for easier access to information.
Originators pay a small transaction fee for successful auctions.
Origines radiculaire de ses branches.
Origins stories tie people to the land - specific portions of the land.
Origins theories have almost nothing to do with the daily grind of science.
Origional authors retain their rights to their own work.
Oriole feeders contain food.
Oriole feeders help both wintering and migrating orioles For more information.
Oriole feeders make it much easier for the orioles to sip that delicious nectar.
Most oriole feeders contain food.
Oriole Park is easily accessible via major highways.
Oriole Park is located in the hear of the city so don t expect wide-open expanses of parking spaces.
An oriole is a bird
Oriole isa bird.
Orioles are beneficial because they also eat many harmful insects.
Orioles are birds.
Orioles are fun to watch and are such beautiful birds.
Orioles are nectar-loving birds.
Orioles are particularly fond of orange slices.
Orioles are stunning birds, much anticipated by bird lovers.
Orioles are tropical migrants, and their migration is closely timed with daylength.
Orioles are very famous for building amazingly long bags that hang far below the branch .
Orioles are very famous for building amazingly long bags that hang far below the branch.
Orioles breed in open woods, elms, and shaded trees.
Orioles build hanging nests made of grass and tree bark.
Orioles build nests on their breeding grounds.
Orioles eat beetles, grasshoppers, spiders, and fruit, such as mulberries and wild black cherries.
Orioles eat insects and drink nectar from flowering plants.
Orioles eat insects.
Orioles enjoy grape and apple jelly or orange marmalade.
Orioles feed on insects.
Orioles forage for insects.
Orioles get plumages.
Orioles have (part) air sacs.
Orioles have (part) bird's feet.
Orioles have (part) brains.
Orioles have (part) breasts.
Orioles have (part) cell membranes.
Orioles have (part) cells.
Orioles have (part) chest cavities.
Orioles have (part) chests.
Orioles have (part) corpi.
Orioles have (part) cytoplasm.
Orioles have (part) ears.
Orioles have (part) faces.
Orioles have (part) flight feathers.
Orioles have (part) heads.
Orioles have (part) lips.
Orioles have (part) mouths.
Orioles have (part) nuclei.
Orioles have (part) plasma membranes.
Orioles have (part) quill feathers.
Orioles have (part) rib cages.
Orioles have (part) second joints.
Orioles have (part) sections.
Orioles have (part) skulls.
Orioles have (part) sterna.
Orioles have (part) talons.
Orioles have (part) vacuoles.
Orioles have (part) wishbones.
Orioles have a rich, full-throated whistle.
Orioles have a very long migration pattern, and they fly it at night to avoid predators.
Orioles have bills.
Orioles have black feathers.
Orioles have bright colored feathers .
Orioles have bright colored feathers.
Orioles have feathers.
Orioles have orange feathers.
Orioles have orange undersides.
Orioles have the best of both worlds.
Orioles have undersides.
Orioles leave early.
Orioles live for years.
Orioles live up to years.
Orioles love loquat trees.
Orioles love the color and taste of oranges.
Orioles love the sight and sound of moving water.
Orioles migrate south to Mexico in the winter.
Orioles mostly eat fruit and drink flower nectar.
Orioles nest high in trees often over a stream, river, street or driveway.
Orioles prefer nesting in large shade trees.
Orioles prefer open woodlands, river groves and tall shade trees with shrubby undergrowth.
Orioles prefer trees.
Orioles prefer woodlands.
Orioles return to habitats.
Orioles roost in big trees.
Orioles roost in trees.
Orioles select nest sites.
Orioles select sites.
Orioles serenade from a nearby tree, drawn by a special feeder.
Orioles sing on every side, hidden by leafy green.
Orioles sing songs.
Orioles sing tunes.
Orioles take flight.
Orioles use bills.
Orioles use silk from milkweed pods.
Orioles visit yards.
Orioles always sing from the tallest trees.
Orioles usually have a lifespan of three to seven years.
All orioles are featherless when they first hatch, but they quickly grow a set of downy feathers.
All orioles have long bills and are about seven to eight inches long.
Most orioles eat insects.
Most orioles feed on insects.
Most orioles get plumages.
Most orioles have bills.
Most orioles have black feathers.
Most orioles have feathers.
Most orioles have orange feathers.
Most orioles have orange undersides.
Most orioles have undersides.
Most orioles live for years.
Most orioles live up to years.
Most orioles prefer trees.
Most orioles prefer woodlands.
Most orioles return to habitats.
Most orioles roost in big trees.
Most orioles roost in trees.
Most orioles sing songs.
Most orioles sing tunes.
Most orioles take flight.
Most orioles visit yards.
Some orioles eat caterpillar larvae.
Some orioles eat caterpillars.
Some orioles eat fruit.
Some orioles eat larvae.
Some orioles eat mollusks.
Some orioles feed on caterpillars.
Some orioles have habits.
Some orioles have tendencies.
Most Orionid meteors are faint and therefore difficult to photograph.
Most Orionid meteors are faint.
Orionid meteoroids are fast.
Orison is a request
Orisons are prayers.
Orisons flow in the toil as history hardens.
Orma funerals are also interesting events.
An ormolu is brass
Ormolu is cast and chiseled , then finished with gold leaf.
Ornament themes range from recreations of historical vanes to whimsical contemporary designs.
An ornament is an artifact
Ornament isa artifact.
Ornament lacks explicit function and consumes resources.
Ornament opens at top.
Ornaments accumulated over time are remnants of the past.
Ornaments also are available.
Ornaments also are prone to damage due to normal wear and tear.
Ornaments are also available in the Bookstore.
Ornaments are available in red, forest green, gold, and purple.
Ornaments are available year round.
Ornaments are bracelets for men and bracelets and earrings for women.
Ornaments are located in lawns.
Ornaments are located in windowsills.
Ornaments are love and they are unity.
Ornaments are more in number.
Ornaments are more than decoration.
Ornaments bearing their photos are on the tree.
Ornaments can be more than a ball with a hook.
Ornaments come in many colors, and many stores sell single-color boxes of icicles and glass balls.
Ornaments come in many different shapes and forms.
Ornaments depend more on whim of the carpenter- builder than on any architectural style.
Ornaments differ in type as used by men and women and by boys and girls.
Ornaments have (part) sections.
Ornaments make great gifts for members who have left the area.
Ornaments make great gifts to be treasured for years to come.
Ornaments make terrific favors.
Ornaments Use the highlight technique.
All ornaments are available as shown or in classic snow white porcelain.
All ornaments are gold-jewelry plated.
All ornaments are solid brass.
All ornaments shown are in stock.
Many ornaments are best sellers and remain in the line for years.
Some ornaments have special meaning and many are handmade heirlooms.
Ornamental aluminum is designed to look similar to an ornamental iron fence.
Ornamental bananas add a tropical flair indoors or out.
Ornamental borders are available at additional charge.
Ornamental borders give colour to many parts of the Garden.
Ornamental brands are for decorative purposes only.
Ornamental cartouche enloses title.
Ornamental cherries are garden accents of worthiness.
Ornamental concrete foutains, birdbaths and statuary.
Ornamental corn is late maturing and can be harvested when stalks and leaves are completely dry.
Ornamental corns can be dent, sweet, pop, flint, or floury endosperm types.
Some ornamental corn has red stalks can be used in the fall for decorative yard displays.
Ornamental crosses remain popular among both the devout and non-believers alike.
Some ornamental cultivars have cream colored fruit.
Ornamental designs radiate from the base to meet at the top on both sides of the gate.
Ornamental ducks differ from domestic ducks in several ways.
Some ornamental ducks are capable of making several different calls and or whistles.
Ornamental embroidery varies according to the age and gender of the wearer.
Ornamental fences resemble wrought iron and are made of either aluminum or steel.
Ornamental fish are one such potential if managed properly.
Ornamental fruits can be a mixed blessing.
Many ornamental gardeners prefer it to the more common Japanese variety.
Ornamental gardening looks to have a bright future in our state.
Ornamental gates can vary also.
Ornamental grasses add drama and richness to a landscape.
Ornamental grasses add interest to the flower garden.
Ornamental grasses add late summer and early fall color to the garden.
Ornamental grasses are a current passion - and there is no telling what is next.
Ornamental grasses are also drought-resistant and low maintenance.
Ornamental grasses are also eye-catching.
Ornamental grasses are also remarkably pest-free.
Ornamental grasses are among the easiest ornamental plants to grow in the landscape.
Ornamental grasses are an amazing group of plants.
Ornamental grasses are attractive landscape plants.
Ornamental grasses are available in a wide array of colors, shapes, textures and sizes.
Ornamental grasses are beautiful, inexpensive, easy to find and easy to grow in all types of soil.
Ornamental grasses are bold accents, providing year-round color, texture and shape.
Ornamental grasses are desirable additions to the landscape for several reasons.
Ornamental grasses are easy to grow and adapt to just about any garden setting.
Ornamental grasses are extremely easy to plant and grow.
Ornamental grasses are no match for the appetite of the porcupines either.
Ornamental grasses are now at their peak display in our gardens.
Ornamental grasses are now available to create flowing patterns.
Ornamental grasses are the cutting edge of garden design.
Ornamental grasses are tough as nails and are unaffected by drought.
Ornamental grasses are undoubtedly one of the easiest types of plants to grow.
Ornamental grasses are very easy to propagate from root divisions.
Ornamental grasses are virtually pest free and can withstand many environmental changes.
Ornamental grasses are wonderful for offering year-round seasonal color.
Ornamental grasses bring a rustic, natural look to the landscape.
Ornamental grasses can offer a special textural element which persevere through four seasons.
Ornamental grasses can really make a difference in our landscapes.
Ornamental grasses can serve many functions in the landscape.
Ornamental grasses can turn a mundane perennial border or landscape into a work of art.
Ornamental grasses come in a wide array of growth habits, tones, and sizes.
Ornamental grasses continue to flower from mid-summer through to the fall.
Ornamental grasses have several uses as functional landscape plants.
Ornamental grasses offer a beautiful alternative to thirsty lawns.
Ornamental grasses provide a new way of landscaping.
Ornamental grasses serve many functions in the landscape.
Ornamental grasses tolerate drought, wetness, and fluctuating winter temperatures.
Ornamental grasses vary in size from two to six feet and larger.
Many ornamental grasses are available in area nurseries.
Many ornamental grasses turn color during the winter.
Most ornamental grasses prefer full sun and well-drained soils.
Most ornamental grasses prefer full sun but there are a few species that tolerate light shade.
Most ornamental grasses prefer sun locations.
Most ornamental grasses provide interesting winter foliage effects when left standing.
Some ornamental grasses get extremely tall.
Ornamental guardrails provide safety to persons using stairs, balconies, and platforms.
Ornamental herbs are great container plants that provide a great foil for flowering plants.
Ornamental horticulture is the academic area most specifically related to urban trees.
Ornamental iron comes in a variety of styles and pieces as well.
Ornamental ironworkers install ironwork after the exterior of the building is completed.
Ornamental kale grows six to eight inches tall.
Ornamental metal is another option, in aluminum, steel or iron.
Ornamental onions are glorious, for instance.
Ornamental onions are perfect companions to peony or artemisia.
Ornamental patterns are important in all cultures.
Ornamental peanut can also be an annual groundcover in colder climates.
All ornamental pears do best in full sun.
Ornamental peppers vary in flavor and hotness and can be enjoyed as ornamental plants.
Ornamental picket is a popular style of pool fence.
Ornamental plants are an important part of any landscape.
Ornamental plants are cultivated in a nursery for sale.
Ornamental plants are grown for decoration, rather than food or raw materials.
Ornamental plants are more than just a hobby in East Texas.
Ornamental plants are plants grown for their beauty.
Ornamental plants can provide cooling shade for walls, windows and the roof of a house.
Ornamental plants do just as well in the contaminated soil.
Ornamental plants grow to different sizes.
Ornamental plants vary greatly in drought tolerance.
Every ornamental plant has characteristic traits, some good and some bad.
Most ornamental plants grow best if fertilized with a light hand.
Most ornamental plants perform poorly when grown in wet soil conditions.
Most ornamental plants require slightly to strongly acidic soil.
Ornamental plantings direct the eye to views of the water.
Ornamental plasterwork adorns the ceiling of each major chamber of the second floor.
Ornamental sages grow best in well-drained soils in full sun.
Ornamental salvia adds a nice mass of purple to the garden.
Ornamental seed look like summer squash seed although different kinds can have different size seeds.
Ornamental shields dominate one wall.
Ornamental shrubs edge the tree plantings to each side.
Ornamental sunflowers make excellent and long-lasting cut flowers.
Ornamental trees are an important reservoir for the plum pox virus.
Some ornamental varieties are common in gardens.
An ornamental is a plant
Ornamentals add beauty to the landscape with color, and many are fragrant as well.
Ornamentals are marketed live so survival in transport is very important.
Ornamentals are numerous.
Ornamentals are plants.
Ornamentals are sometimes favorite deer foods, high in nutrition.
Ornamentals are too small for a useful bowl and so light, they jump off the table and smash.
Ornamentals have thinner shells.
Ornamentals suffer more damage than hardshells.
Ornamentals often spread by unsuspecting gardeners intrigued by the dangling yams.
Some ornamentals are yellow or brown.
Ornamentation also renders character to space.
Ornamentation consists of small cones, simple spines and a few lambda spines.
Ornamentation implies beauty, the giving of a pleasing appearance to an object or article.
Ornamentation is a sign of virtuosity.
Ornamentation is a trick to get status by exploiting peoples shallow sight.
Ornamentation is absent.
Ornamentation is added where deemed appropriate by the artist.
Ornamentation is an artifact
Ornamentation is characterized with carved pikes, arrows and clasped hands.
Ornamentation is complete, but the gauges are inoperative.
Ornamentation is decoration.
Ornamentation is free and asymmetrical, based on scroll-like natural patterns.
Ornamentation is generally limited to window surrounds and flared eaves on the dormer.
Ornamentation is here significantly differentiated from finery.
Ornamentation is just one aspect of the whole performance.
Ornamentation is kept to a minimum for easy construction.
Ornamentation is non- existent.
Ornamentation is precise and rhythmic and the counterpoint never less than vivid.
Ornamentation is psilate to finely tuberculate to granulate.
Ornamentation is states.
Ornamentation is taught in the latter part of the book.
Ornamentation is usually much denser.
Ornamentation is very important for a living space.
Ornamentation primarily consists of integral patterns in the brick.
Ornamentation seems to be extremely important to klezmer music.
Ornamentation shown here is minimal, and apparently there is no figurehead either.
All ornamentations are handmade.
Most ornamentation is called ruffling.
Ornate border features landscapes, animals, and people from different parts of the world.
Ornate brass handle.
Ornate burrow frogs have develop tadpoles.
Ornate burrow frogs have tadpoles.
Ornate carvings embrace ceilings and walls.
Ornate containers are often nothing but an outer shell to cover the plain clay pot.
Ornate cup is highlighted in aqua with gold accents.
Ornate decoration is also usual.
Ornate details adorn the capital of a column of the old opera house.
Ornate instruments have no quarrel with wax cylinders or CDs.
Ornate lamps hang on either side.
Ornate mirrors bearing cosmological signs originate in Ancient China.
Ornate umbrella stand and old stoneware.
Ornate woodwork decorates everything, including the building's many oriels, dormers and porches.
Ornithischian dinosaurs have tails.
Most ornithischian dinosaurs have tails.
Some ornithischian dinosaurs have features.
Some ornithischian dinosaurs have special features.
Some ornithischian dinosaurs have spikes.
Ornithischian isa dinosaur.
Ornithischians have (part) brains.
Ornithischians have (part) breasts.
Ornithischians have (part) cell membranes.
Ornithischians have (part) cells.
Ornithischians have (part) chest cavities.
Ornithischians have (part) chests.
Ornithischians have (part) corpi.
Ornithischians have (part) cytoplasm.
Ornithischians have (part) ears.
Ornithischians have (part) faces.
Ornithischians have (part) heads.
Ornithischians have (part) nuclei.
Ornithischians have (part) pedal extremities.
Ornithischians have (part) plasma membranes.
Ornithischians have (part) rib cages.
Ornithischians have (part) sections.
Ornithischians have (part) skulls.
Ornithischians have (part) sterna.
Ornithischians have (part) vacuoles.
Ornithischians have (part) vertebrate feet.
All ornithischians are united by a pubis pointing backward, running parallel with the ischium.
Some ornithischians eat plants.
Some ornithischians have bones.
Some ornithischians have hips.
Ornithological journals say that corn is high in carbohydrates and makes a good high energy diet.
Ornithological research stands to benefit in three substantial ways.
An ornithologist is an animal scientist
Ornithologist isa biologist.
Ornithologists are biological scientists who specialize in the study of birds.
Ornithologists are people who study birds.
Ornithologists are the scientists who practice ornithology.
Ornithologists are unclear why there is no consistent pattern of blue jay migration.
Ornithologists are workers.
Ornithologists are zoologists.
Ornithologists argue at length and with surprising heat about what the word means.
Ornithologists assess status.
Ornithologists come to the rookeries to study gulls, albatross, and penguins.
Ornithologists contribute knowledge.
Ornithologists describe it as ' the most fabulous bird spectacle in the world '.
Ornithologists discover individuals.
Ornithologists discover many individuals.
Ornithologists estimate their precolonial population at two to three billion.
Ornithologists face facts.
Ornithologists find employment.
Ornithologists flock here like bees to honey.
Ornithologists have (part) arms.
Ornithologists have (part) body substances.
Ornithologists have (part) cell membranes.
Ornithologists have (part) cells.
Ornithologists have (part) corpi.
Ornithologists have (part) cytoplasm.
Ornithologists have (part) heads.
Ornithologists have (part) human bodies.
Ornithologists have (part) legs.
Ornithologists have (part) material bodies.
Ornithologists have (part) necks.
Ornithologists have (part) nuclei.
Ornithologists have (part) personality.
Ornithologists have (part) plasma membranes.
Ornithologists have (part) sections.
Ornithologists have (part) vacuoles.
Ornithologists have a great habit of changing names on many species of birds.
Ornithologists have at least a bachelor's degree, and many have one or more graduate degrees.
Ornithologists introduce ideas.
Ornithologists lead our trips and expeditions.
Ornithologists offer hunches to explain the storm of robins, but have no definitive answers.
Ornithologists organize birds into family groups that share certain structural characteristics.
Ornithologists present different ideas.
Ornithologists present ideas.
Ornithologists recognize three subspecies of the Gray Singing Finch.
Ornithologists research and look at every facet of a bird's life.
Ornithologists study birds.
Ornithologists study every aspect of bird life.
Ornithologists use different methods.
Ornithologists use many different methods.
Ornithologists use methods.
Ornithologists use the information to track bird migration.
Ornithologists often use spotting scopes, which are more cumbersome but offer fantastic viewing.
Many ornithologists believe birds navigate by the stars.
Most ornithologists assess status.
Most ornithologists believe cardinals mate for like.
Most ornithologists contribute knowledge.
Most ornithologists discover individuals.
Most ornithologists discover many individuals.
Most ornithologists divide the albatrosses into three groups.
Most ornithologists face facts.
Most ornithologists find employment.
Most ornithologists introduce ideas.
Most ornithologists present different ideas.
Most ornithologists study birds.
Most ornithologists use different methods.
Most ornithologists use many different methods.
Most ornithologists use methods.
Most ornithologists work full time.
Some ornithologists also work with non-avian species as a part of their research.
Some ornithologists become teachers.
Some ornithologists claim their brilliant plumage is matchless among all birds.
Some ornithologists estimate spiders.
Some ornithologists focus on how birds find food, while others focus on how birds digest food.
Some ornithologists hold conferences.
Some ornithologists lead bird-watching tours.
Some ornithologists reseach changes in blood cells in an individual bird.
Some ornithologists suggest steps.
Some ornithologists teach at colleges.
Some ornithologists work to educate the public about ornithology or lead bird-watching tours.
Some ornithologists write books.
An ornithology is biology
Ornithologies are zoology.
Ornithology is a branch of zoology that concerns the study of birds .
Ornithology is a broad field, and there is room for everyone.
Ornithology is another program that happens every other year.
Ornithology is approached from an ecological perspective as the text implies.
Ornithology is the branch of zoology dealing with birds.
Ornithology is the branch of zoology that deals with the study of birds .
Ornithology is the branch of zoology which deals with birds.
Ornithology is the scientific study of birds and bird biology.
Ornithology is the scientific study of birds.
Ornithology is the study of birds which is a sub division of zoology.
Ornithology is the study of birds.
An ornithomimid is a dinosaur
Ornithomimids are a sister group to the troodontids .
Ornithomimids are a sister group to the troodontids.
Ornithomimids are the so-called ostrich dinosaurs.
An ornithopod is a dinosaur
Ornithopods are the bipedal group.
Ornithopods have the most complete geologic record of any major dinosaur clade.
ORNL technologies are available to companies through licensing and commercial development.
ORNL technology puts power of lab into the field .
ORNL tests show that the transistor works.
Orofacial biology is taught throughout the second year.
Orofacial clefts are one of the most common congenital anomalies.
Orofacial clefts occur during the fourth to tenth week of fetal development.
Many orofacial injuries are difficult to stabilize in that amount of time regardless of severity.
Orofacial therapy uses a palatal device to stimulate muscular tone and proper tongue position.
Orogenic belts can form during the assembly of continents and supercontinents.
Orogenic belts tend to get younger away from the craton.
Orographic activity occurs wherever mountains block prevailing air.
Orographic ascent can increase the potential for damming.
Orographic cloud is often in contact with the ground at the hill top.
Orographic clouds are common on Earth.
Orographic effects operate at a hierarchy of spatial scales.
Orographic features tend to enhance the precipitation process.
Orographic lift is the technical term for terrain forcing air to rise.
Orographic lift leads to ppt.
Orographic lift occurs as air masses rise to pass over high ground.
Orographic precipitation occurs when air rises due to the influence of mountains.
Orographic rainfall is determined by topography, extraction efficiency and vapour flux.
Orographic thunderstorms form in mountainous regions, particularly adja-cent to individual peaks.
Orography can play a major role in the type, amount, intensity and duration of precipitation events.
Oropharyngeal anesthesia can occur if capsules are chewed or dissolved in mouth.
Orotava city is one of the oldest and most beautiful on the island.
Orotic acid accumulates in the blood and is excreted in the urine.
Orotic acid is an intermediate in pyrimidine metabolism.
Orotic acid is an intermediate in the synthesis of the pyrimidines.
Orotic acid is drugs.
Orotracheal intubation is preferred.
Orovada soils are arable when irrigated and are considered prime farmland.
Orovada soils are coarse-loamy and have durinodes in a friable matrix.
Orovada soils are very deep.
Orovada soils lack an argillic horizon and have a coarse-loamy control section.
Orphan disease is a rare disease.
Orphan drugs are a problem.
Orphan drugs treat conditions that affect very few people.
Orphan films are the living record of the twentieth century.
Orphan status provides incentives for the development of products for rare disorders.
Orphan Works make up a significant portion of our silent film heritage.
An orphan is a child
Orphan admits the garden is destroyed.
Orphan has low resistance to many status effects.
Orphan isa child.
Orphan isa kid.
Orphan isa nipper.
Orphan pages, basically no way back.
Orphan roommates are students with an open bed in their space.
Orphan socks .
Orphan Trains to Missouri .
Orphan Trains to Missouri.
Orphans are a forgotten casualty of war, earning neither medals nor monuments.
Orphans are animals.
Orphans are children who have no parents.
Orphans are children.
Orphans are disciples on the spiritual path.
Orphans are especially common as characters in comic books.
Orphans are fine for a day but after that it becomes an indulgence they can t afford.
Orphans are lines.
Orphans are medicinal products associated with rare diseases.
Orphans are more likely to be malnourished and less likely to get an education.
Orphans are natural seekers, outside the norm.
Orphans are people.
Orphans are rare among manatees.
Orphans are short lines at the top of a column.
Orphans are youngs.
Orphans can be bottle fed with puppy or kitten milk replacement.
Orphans can metaphorically search for self-understanding through attempting to know their roots.
Orphans can rise.
Orphans care, and children on the brink.
Orphans constructs comedy from heartbreaking circumstances.
Orphans doubt their ability to sustain intimate relationships and find it difficult to trust others.
Orphans figure prominently in the Victorian novel.
Orphans have (part) arms.
Orphans have (part) baby teeth.
Orphans have (part) body substances.
Orphans have (part) cell membranes.
Orphans have (part) cells.
Orphans have (part) child's bodies.
Orphans have (part) corpi.
Orphans have (part) cytoplasm.
Orphans have (part) heads.
Orphans have (part) legs.
Orphans have (part) milk teeth.
Orphans have (part) necks.
Orphans have (part) nuclei.
Orphans have (part) personality.
Orphans have (part) plasma membranes.
Orphans have (part) sections.
Orphans have (part) vacuoles.
Orphans inspire pity, but children who neglect their mother are worthy of contempt.
Orphans Leave no fewer than two full lines at the bottom of a page.
Orphans live in a world with the pain of rejection and the fear of loss.
Orphans living in extended families are also generally the first to be denied an education.
Orphans need foster mothers.
Orphans need mothers.
Orphans page to see if the county is available for adoption.
Orphans reach ages.
Orphans remain a particularly high-risk group.
Orphans roam in streets in gangs like dogs searching for food and shelter.
Orphans run rampant.
Orphans seem to move with ease from one family to another.
Orphans suffer more deprivations than non-orphaned children.
Orphans tend to define roles for themselves in Awakened society.
Many orphans end up living and sleeping on the streets.
Many orphans end up raising other siblings because all of the adults in their lives are dead.
Most orphans do.
Most orphans reach ages.
Most orphans sink into penury, drop out of school, suffer malnutrition, ostracism, psychic distress.
Some orphans can recall being starved as a form of punishment.
Some orphans claim responsibility.
Some orphans die of starvation.
Some orphans face starvation.
Some orphans have protection.
Some orphans obtain approval.
Some orphans opt to support themselves and their siblings, eking out a living on their own.
Some orphans use judgment.
An orphanage is a condition
Orphanage is a home where the children who had lost their parents live.
Orphanages are charity.
Orphanages are conditions.
Orphanages are expensive and remove children from their own environment.
Orphanages are institutions.
Orphanages are organizations.
Orphanages are overcrowded and there is little organized help for street children.
Orphanages are real and did exist.
Orphanages can only do so much.
Orphanages come back.
Orphanages keep popping up.
Orphanages Offers a list of orphanages throughout the world.
Orphanages -Pray for orphanages throughout the world.
Orphanages provide support and care to orphan children .
Many orphanages even have a dying room.
Orphaned brands are well-known but poorly performing.
Orphaned calves are especially vulnerable.
Orphaned children remain susceptible to exploitation, including in street selling and prostitution.
Orphaned socks are great for nail biters.
Orphic myths offer a good illustration of the creative power in their Mysteries.
Orphic religion is at once a mystery and a philosophy.
An orpiment is a mineral
Orpiment is a yellow mineral occurring in conjunction with an ore of arsenic.
Orpiment is derived from the latin auripigmentum , or golden pigment.
An orrery is a planetarium
Orrery comes with instructions in HTML format.
Orris root is a commonly used fixative.
Orris root is available at most health food stores.
Orris root is the root of a specific type of iris that is dried and ground.
Ortello soils are coarse-loamy.
Orthene aerosol is also useful for mites.
Orthene dust is the recommended chemical control.
Orthene spray is the best control.
An orthochromatic film is a film
Orthochromatic films are sensitive to ultraviolet radiation and blue and green light.
Orthodontic benefits are available as an option with both plans.
Orthodontic benefits count toward maximum annual benefits above.
Orthodontic care is also available for patients of all ages.
Orthodontic coverage is also available for kids.
Orthodontic headgear is a medical device only available for sale to licensed professionals.
Orthodontic nipples have wider, flat designs allowing for less air consumption during nursing.
Many orthodontic problems are easier to correct before jaw growth has slowed.
Many orthodontic problems require only limited treatment.
Some orthodontic problems are easier to correct before jaw growth has slowed.
Orthodontic procedures can vary from limited work on a few teeth to a full set of braces.
Orthodontic residents follow most of their patients through the entire course of treatment.
Orthodontic specialists can improve smiles at any age, but there are benefits to early diagnosis.
Orthodontic specialists limit their practice to orthodontic treatment only.
Orthodontic teats are firm and hold a definite shape.
An orthodontic treatment is a treatment
Orthodontic treatment begins earlier now than it once did.
Orthodontic treatment can be successful at any age.
Orthodontic treatment can help prevent tooth decay, gum disease and possible eventual tooth loss.
Orthodontic treatment can inhibit gum problems and prevent tooth loss.
Orthodontic treatment can restore good function.
Orthodontic treatment can work under similar principles to natural tooth movement.
Orthodontic treatment is free if carried out in hospital.
Orthodontic treatment is included.
Orthodontic treatment is limited to dependent children only.
Orthodontic treatment is provided by faculty and is available to children and adults.
Orthodontic treatment is referred out and provided by local orthodontists.
Orthodontic treatment starts as early as possible.
Orthodontic treatments are treatments.
Orthodontic wax protects sharp edges, especially on braces.
An orthodontist is a dentist
Orthodontist is a dentist that straightens teeth.
Orthodontists also have specialized training in facial abnormalities and disorders of the jaw.
Orthodontists apply braces.
Orthodontists are also angry about a proposed reduction in fees.
Orthodontists are dentists trained to correct malocclusion by moving the teeth into proper position.
Orthodontists are dentists.
Orthodontists can choose the hours in which they work weekly.
Orthodontists can improve smiles at any age, but early attention can often prevent future obstacles.
Orthodontists correct misaligned teeth and jaws, usually by applying braces.
Orthodontists deliver lifelong benefits to their patients. . .
Orthodontists do it with braces.
Orthodontists limit their practice to orthodontics and dentofacial orthopedics.
Orthodontists offer a variety of mouth guards to protect children who play contact sports.
Orthodontists realign the natural teeth for functional and cosmetic reasons.
Orthodontists request full payment for their services before the entire treatment is received.
Orthodontists routinely discuss fee arrangements after individual examinations.
Orthodontists specialize in corrective devices such as braces and retainers.
Orthodontists straighten teeth by applying pressure to the teeth with braces or other appliances.
Orthodontists straighten teeth using braces and other appliances.
Orthodontists straighten teeth.
Orthodontists use the word malocclusion to describe a variety of teeth and jaw problems.
Orthodontists sometimes overcorrect the alignment, anticipating the rebound.
All orthodontists are dentists, but only about six percent of dentists are orthodontists.
Many orthodontists allow the anterior end of the palatal plane and the incisors to move downward.
Many orthodontists feel that crooked teeth are inherited.
Many orthodontists pay no attention to whether the mandibular incisor is intruded in treatment.
Most orthodontists are familiar with the basic design of the appliance and how to manufacture it.
Most orthodontists have a dental practice in the same office from which they practice orthodontia.
Most orthodontists offer flexible payment plans to make treatment more affordable.
Most orthodontists realize braces are expensive.
Most orthodontists work out of two or three offices.
All orthodox creeds are alike infamous.
Every orthodox creed is savage, ignorant and idiotic.
Most orthodox performances take place in a single space over a duration of several hours.
Most orthodox religions are very patriar- chal.
Orthodoxies come and go, but thought control abides.
Orthodoxy is orientations.
Orthodoxy is quality
Orthodoxy knows of no selfish interiority masquerading as Christian piety.
Orthodoxy tends to confound correctness of belief and saving faith.
Orthodoxy views the end of physical existence only as the termination of one stage of life.
Orthognathic surgery is covered under many medical insurance contracts.
Orthognathic surgery is performed by dental specialists, called oral and maxillofacial surgeons.
Orthognathic surgery is performed in the hospital or outpatient surgical center.
Orthognathic surgery means surgery of the jawbones.
Orthogonal acceleration brings the advantages of time of flight to electrospray.
Orthogonal blocks occur throughout the scene.
Orthogonal collocation remains an active interest of our research group.
Orthogonal directions are always perpendicular to one another.
Orthogonal grid interpolates properties incorrectly.
Orthogonal lines are unaffected.
Orthogonal matrices correspond to rotations and reflections.
Orthogonal matrices play a very important role in linear algebra.
Orthogonal persistence provides a safe and convenient model of object persistence.
Orthogonal polynomials are easier to work with and interpret.
Orthogonal projection Take an x-axis with origin in O and any vector P .
Orthogonal similarity implies both similarity and congruence .
An orthogonality is a shape
Orthogonalities are opposition.
Orthogonality facilitates the detailed analysis of the individual components.
Orthogonality is a mathematical concept.
Orthogonality is fundamental, as it is for analytical methods.
Orthogonality is perfect non-association between variables.
Orthographic processing is the ability to analyze visually the appearance and structure of words.
Orthographic projection is of Greek origin.
Orthographic projection is used.
Every orthomodular lattice is an orthomodular poset.
Orthomolecular medicine is the medicine of the future.
Orthomolecular medicine is the therapeutic use of high-dose vitamins to treat chronic disease.
An orthomyxovirus is an animal virus
Orthomyxovirus isa virus.
Orthomyxoviruses have (part) cell membranes.
Orthomyxoviruses have (part) cells.
Orthomyxoviruses have (part) corpi.
Orthomyxoviruses have (part) cytoplasm.
Orthomyxoviruses have (part) nuclei.
Orthomyxoviruses have (part) plasma membranes.
Orthomyxoviruses have (part) sections.
Orthomyxoviruses have (part) vacuoles.
Orthomyxoviruses sometimes make red blood cells stick together.
Orthonormal basis Take two orthogonal unity vectors E and V .
Orthopaedic beds have bars suspended above the bed for patients to pull themselves up.
Orthopaedic complaints are a common part of primary care practice.
Orthopaedic consultation is valuable.
Orthopaedic doctors have many more treatment options to offer than they did in the past.
Orthopaedic faculty see patients at several clinics in the Seattle area.
Orthopaedic problems are probably the most important pathological effect of obesity in dogs.
All orthopaedic professionals are eligible for membership.
Orthopaedic surgeons are enthusiastic constructors.
Orthopaedic surgeons care for people of all age groups ranging from infants to the elderly.
Orthopaedic surgeons have an international reputation as outstanding specialists in their field.
Orthopaedic surgeons straighten bones.
Orthopaedic surgeons treat patients of all ages requiring acute and chronic care.
Many orthopaedic surgeons are Fellowship trained.
Most orthopaedic surgeons do.
Some orthopaedic surgeons specialize in non-union repairs.
Orthopaedic surgery is located in the north.
Orthopaedic technologists perform casting services primarily in hospital fracture rooms.
Orthopaedic testing is of minimal value with the possible exception of foraminal compression.
An orthopaedist is a specialist
Orthopaedists treat deformities related to birth or injury.
Orthopaedists often perform multiple procedures at the same operative session.
Orthopedic appliances are exempt regardless of whether they are sold on prescription.
Orthopedic beds are a great benefit to pets that develop joint problems such as hip dysplasia.
Orthopedic beds are of great benefit to pets that develop joint problems such as hip dysplasia.
Orthopedic claims require a report from an orthopedic doctor.
Orthopedic complications are common, leading to pain and immobility.
Orthopedic conditions make up the majority of patients seen in our facility.
Orthopedic consultation is available at all times in the emergency department.
Orthopedic consultation is indicated for pathologic fractures.
Orthopedic cushions are most beneficial when used in conjunction with rigid support.
Orthopedic design follows spinal curve to promote a relaxed, neutral posture.
Orthopedic disabilities are the type most often reported by individuals applying for services.
Orthopedic disorders are the leading cause of inactivity and disability in the United States.
Orthopedic equipment is designed and constructed to the individual specification of each child.
Orthopedic extension see Art.
Orthopedic injuries are common among runners of all ages.
Orthopedic injuries are enormous.
Orthopedic intervention is necessary to correct kyphoscoliosis and other bony deformities.
Orthopedic physicians deal with auto accidents all the time.
Orthopedic physicians have to reauthorize for continued treatment by PTs, too.
Some orthopedic physicians specialize in foot and ankle problems.
Orthopedic problems are common.
Orthopedic problems can cause pain in the joints or bones and inhibit movement.
Orthopedic procedures are generally painful because of trauma to large muscle masses.
Orthopedic procedures involving rigid bone particularly lend themselves to automated surgery.
Orthopedic referral is indicated for significant displacement or sternoclavicular dislocation.
Orthopedic referral is wise for all but the most minor of pelvic fractures.
Orthopedic residents begin screening infants for hip dysplasia in local hospitals.
Orthopedic services are some of the most widely rendered in the United States.
Orthopedic shoes offer additional support.
Most orthopedic specialists agree that whenever inflammation sets in, rest is crucial.
Orthopedic surgeon discusses experiment to determine why Aboriginals stand on one leg.
Orthopedic surgeons are another source of help.
Orthopedic surgeons are doctors who treat fractures related to osteoporosis.
Orthopedic surgeons are physicians trained in the care of patients with musculoskeletal problems.
Orthopedic surgeons are surgeons.
Orthopedic surgeons can also rejoin the ends of the broken bones with a number of metallic devices.
Orthopedic surgeons handle related operative procedures.
Orthopedic surgeons have one of the longest training periods.
Orthopedic surgeons have only a few modalities for relief of pain.
Orthopedic surgeons insert a metal rod into a elderly patient's leg to add support.
Orthopedic surgeons provide medical and surgical treatment for injuries or diseases of bones.
Orthopedic surgeons specialize in the surgical treatment of bone and joint disorders.
Orthopedic surgeons treat diseases, conditions and injuries of the bones, muscles and joints.
Orthopedic surgeons use a grading system to describe ankle sprains.
Most orthopedic surgeons advise their patients to try it, under a doctor's guidance.
Most orthopedic surgeons consider it to be a normal variant.
Most orthopedic surgeons recommend that athletes wear semi-flexible orthotic inserts.
Some orthopedic surgeons take additional training to specialize in the foot and ankle.
Orthopedic surgery is rooted in a long tradition of preventing deformity in children.
Orthopedic surgery is still a big deal-people do die from it or fail to regain original mobility.
Orthopedic surgery offers great benefits to people with arthritis.
Orthopedic tests are still positive with some range of motion loss.
Orthopedic training is usually for a five year period after medical school.
An orthopedist is a specialist
Orthopedists are specialists.
Orthopedists believe in generalizing before specializing.
Orthopedists cure problems of the skeletal system, which includes the muscles and ligaments.
Orthopedists first earn their medical degree in a traditional medical school.
Orthopedists sell crutches.
Orthopedists specialize in correcting or preventing skeletal deformities or ailments.
Many orthopedists have a history of sports injuries.
Many orthopedists specialize in certain areas of the body, such as the knee.
Many orthopedists suggest anti-inflammatory medicine once the initial hemorrhaging has subsided.
Some orthopedists also believe that d-penicillamine can delay healing.
Some orthopedists resist attempts by podiatrists to treat injuries above the ankle, and vice versa.
Some orthopedists specialize in deformities of the feet.
Orthophosphate effectiveness is uncertain.
An orthophosphate is salt
Orthophosphates are condensed and organically bound.
Orthophosphates react with molybdate and ascorbic acid to produce a blue color.
An orthopnea is a symptom
Orthopnea has several possible causes.
Orthopnea is a particular type of shortness of breath that occurs when lying down flat.
Orthopractic practitioners promote the benefits of immunization.
Most orthopterans are plant feeders but they can be predators, scavengers, or omnivores.
All orthopteroid orders are hemimetabolous.
Orthoptic exercises are extremely effective, but compliance with the treatment program is critical.
Orthoptic therapy can sometimes be helpful before or after strabismus surgery.
Orthoptic therapy is a sub-specialty of optometry.
Orthoptic therapy is a treatment approach which involves weekly office visits.
Orthoptic training includes instruction by lectures and practical clinical experience.
An orthoptist is a specialist
Orthoptists also direct the course of patching therapy for amblyopia.
Orthoptists are specialists.
Orthoptists commonly work in pediatric ophthalmology settings.
Orthoptists examine infants, children and adults.
Orthoptists help diagnose and treat disorders affecting visual acuity and eye movement.
Orthoptists perform an important service for children and young people.
Orthoptists teach children and their parents exercises for the children to practice at home.
Orthoptists work with and under the direction of ophthalmologists.
Orthoptists often serve as directors of state and local vision screening programs.
Orthoptists usually work in eye cliniics or physician's offices.
Orthoptists usually work in the hospital eye departments.
Most orthoptists receive paid vacations and holidays, sick leave, and medical insurance.
Most orthoptists work eight hours a day, four or five days a week.
Most orthoptists work in hospital services dealing with squints for both adults and children.
Some orthoptists engage in clinical research.
Some orthoptists work for more than one private practice.
Orthorectified data is delivered on-demand.
Orthorectified imagery is the only imagery which is as accurate as a map at the same scale.
Orthoscopic lenses have very steep profiles.
Orthostatic changes are rooted.
Most orthostatic episodes are mild and quickly passing.
Orthostatic hypotension can cause fainting and falls.
Orthostatic hypotension can occur with methyldopa administration.
Orthostatic hypotension is a common finding in patients with malaria infections.
Orthostatic hypotension is a common side effect.
Orthostatic hypotension is detected by measurement of blood pressure in two or more body positions.
Orthostatic hypotension is hypotension
Orthostatic hypotension is hypotension.
Orthostatic hypotension is widespread and can be dangerous to the elderly patient.
Orthostatic intolerance is an important concern following spaceflight.
Orthostatic proteinuria occurs in some older children and teenagers.
Orthostatic proteinuria resolves when the recumbent position is assumed.
Orthostatic stress is used provocatively.
Orthostatic tremor arises from an oscillator in the posterior fossa.
Orthotic devices are specialized braces and splints that support and help align joints.
Orthotic devices can help maintain strength and function.
Orthotic devices can immobilize and support painful or weakened areas of the body.
Orthotic footplate allows earlier weight bearing and return to normal gait.
Orthotic support is most obviously able to help prevent leg injuries that affect the foot and ankle.
Orthotic supports provide compression therapy to support varicose veins of the vulva.
Orthotropic beams are modular shapes which resist stress in multiple directions at once.
Orthotropic properties are also pre-defined to facilitate storing reinforced plastics data.
Ortiz success is no mirage.
Orwad village is a nice place to go skiing, but travelling is great.
Orwell township has five postoffices and four villages.
Orwellian language abounds.
Some Orwellian practices continue to be implemented.
Orwellian view tells society to be leery of any government action and to monitor it closely.
Many oryx species are in danger of extinction.
Oryx isa antelope.
Oryxes eat grass.
Oryxes have (part) brains.
Oryxes have (part) breasts.
Oryxes have (part) cannon bones.
Oryxes have (part) cell membranes.
Oryxes have (part) cells.
Oryxes have (part) chest cavities.
Oryxes have (part) chests.
Oryxes have (part) corpi.
Oryxes have (part) cytoplasm.
Oryxes have (part) ears.
Oryxes have (part) faces.
Oryxes have (part) heads.
Oryxes have (part) hip sockets.
Oryxes have (part) hoofs.
Oryxes have (part) nuclei.
Oryxes have (part) piluses.
Oryxes have (part) plasma membranes.
Oryxes have (part) rib cages.
Oryxes have (part) second stomachs.
Oryxes have (part) sections.
Oryxes have (part) skulls.
Oryxes have (part) sterna.
Oryxes have (part) vacuoles.
Oryxes have ability.
Oryxes have amaze ability.
Oryxes have foreheads.
Oryxes have mechanisms.
Oryxes have white foreheads.
Oryxes live in areas.
Oryxes reach maturity.
Oryxes reach sexual maturity.
Most oryxes eat grass.
Most oryxes have ability.
Most oryxes have amaze ability.
Most oryxes have foreheads.
Most oryxes have mechanisms.
Most oryxes have white foreheads.
Most oryxes live in areas.
Most oryxes reach maturity.
Most oryxes reach sexual maturity.
Some oryxes die of starvation.
Some oryxes eat grass hay.
Some oryxes eat hay.
Some oryxes exist in numbers.
Some oryxes feed on grass.
Some oryxes feed on milk.
Some oryxes fight for dominance.
Some oryxes have horns.
Some oryxes have long horns.
Some oryxes have necks.
Some oryxes have senses.
Some oryxes have thick necks.
Some oryxes use power.
Orzo pasta is the perfect side dish for chicken picatta.
An orzo is solid food
Orzo is a rice-shaped pasta that is available in large supermarkets.
Orzo is a small oval pasta that cooks up right in the skillet with vegetables and broth.
Orzo is small rice-shaped pasta.
Orzo is the small pasta that looks like rice.
Orzos are pasta.
OS maps are widely obtainable in UK bookshops, and in specialist bookshops overseas.
OS maps are, of course available from other sources.
OS X bring the terms elegant and beautiful to a whole new level.
OS X incorporates new features and cartoon-like methods of opening and closing files.
OS X installs very cleanly.
OS X supports plugins with a new generalized architecture which provides advanced functionality.
An os is an orifice
OS crashes because of bad drivers really hurt their credibility.
OS interactions further limit available bandwidth at the application layer.
Os isa body part.
OS runs as a task under a real-time kernel.
OS runs continuously whenever the computer is on and an application is running.
OS sets flag that says document area is now available.
Oses are defined as operating systems.
Oses are orifices.
Oses are software.
Oses have (part) corpi.
Any OS can control any other.
Every OS has a kernel.
Every OS has it's bad points.
Every OS has it's own configuration and troubleshooting guidelines.
Every OS has it's strong points.
Every OS has to have neko.
Most OSs run user programs in a rubber room, and hose the place down after the program exits.
Some OSs can fit on a single disk, however, others require a hard drive.
Most Osa outposts follow a simple model.
Osada settlement os.
Osanpo bag is very unique case.
OSAS Form prints OSAS forms on plain paper using a laser or ink-jet printer.
Every OSCA member puts in four or five hours of work each week, depending on the co -op.
Oscillate charge loses energy.
Most oscillate charge loses energy.
Oscillating motion is when something is going back and forth and back and forth.
Oscillating ones are good for rectangular areas.
Some oscillating reactions approach a closed trajectory whatever their starting conditions.
Oscillating shuttle prevents clumping.
Some oscillating signal is projected by the receiving antenna.
Oscillating sprinklers apply water to medium-sized areas.
Oscillating sprinklers are very inefficient.
Oscillating systems possess as many normal modes as they have degrees of freedom.
Oscillation frequency depends on the force applied by the user.
An oscillation is a wave
Oscillation is a common and necessary behavior of many systems.
Oscillation is movement that changes dimension.
Oscillation is transmitted throughout the airways, loosening secretions.
Oscillation means mass.
Oscillation then takes place on the basis of the second resonance peak.
Oscillations also occur in the concentrations of bromide ion.
Oscillations are natural processes.
Oscillations are ubiquitous in neural systems and have been the focus of several recent studies.
Oscillations are waves.
Oscillations arise just as they did in the simpler systems.
Oscillations begin to grow, as the sensitivity is increased.
Oscillations can cause unstable combustion by disturbing the injection process.
Oscillations generally increase in intensity over the first few odorant presentations.
Oscillations happen when a mass moves back and forward in a regular rhythm.
Oscillations libres et amorties.
Oscillations occur in both liquids and gases.
Oscillations occur only if neutrinos have mass.
Oscillations produced by lake level fluctuations tend to be coarser grained and more diffuse.
Oscillations strongly interfere with that behavior.
An oscillator is a generator
Oscillator demonstrates the use of initial conditions.
Oscillator go to Top of page.
Oscillator is a thing that generates sound.
Oscillator is built in.
Oscillator is made with varicap in order to avoid the body effect.
Oscillator is set into the motion and then collide the other still ball.
Oscillator operates, but oscillator control levers jump out of place while oscillator runs.
Oscillators also give an insight into the cyclical nature of markets.
Oscillators are everywhere in electronics.
Oscillators are generators.
Oscillators are great trading tools for stocks trading in a range as well.
Oscillators are most useful for stocks or indices that are trading sideways.
Oscillators are now available.
Oscillators are powerful technical tools.
Oscillators are safer and more efficient but also more costly to operate.
Oscillators are surely suitable for overland, water, air and space vehicle borne equipment.
Oscillators are voltage regulated and temperature compensated.
Oscillators basically vibrate the steel shell out of the mold.
Oscillators determine the short-term movement of a stock.
Oscillators do it repeatedly.
Oscillators exhibit a variety of instabilities.
Oscillators generally supply repeating signals which are used as sound sources.
Oscillators generate a signal of a certain frequency.
Oscillators have a spray arm that flips back and forth instead of revolving.
Oscillators have resonance property.
Oscillators help identify overbought and oversold markets.
Oscillators normally peak and bottom at roughly the same time as prices.
Oscillators produce electrical fluctuations that repeat in a consistent and periodic manner.
Oscillators usually involve moving averages.
All oscillators have similar charts.
All oscillators require feedback from the output to the input to operate.
Many oscillators use class C bias to increase efficiency.
Most oscillators operate in saturation.
Oscillatory behavior seems to lie outside the region of biologically releastic parameter values.
Oscillatory deflections cause the snake to move forward.
Oscillatory instability occurs above the oscillatory boundaries in the upper right quadrant.
Oscillatory motion is highest at the surface and diminishes exponentially with depth.
Oscillatory motion is repetitive and fluctuates between two locations.
Oscillometric cuffs measures blood pressure from changes in the force of the surges.
Oscillometric readings are pretty common in surgery situations.
Oscillometric technology measures blood pressure and pulse rate with one touch.
An oscilloscope is electronic equipment
Oscilloscopes are electronic equipment.
Oscilloscopes are located in repair shops.
Oscilloscopes are part of cardiac monitors.
Oscilloscopes are part of monitors.
Oscilloscopes are part of radar.
Oscilloscopes are useful for showing how different types of signals look.
Oscilloscopes can also measure the bias by selecting the DC coupled input.
Oscilloscopes display a direct readout of the voltages and frequency of waveforms.
Oscilloscopes generally have a limited number of channels.
Oscilloscopes measure current and voltage and through the magic of mathematics calculate power.
Oscilloscopes permit a visual examination of electrical phenomena.
Oscilloscopes principally measure voltage and time.
Oscilloscopes show sound waves.
Most oscilloscopes are capable of displaying two different traces at the same time.
Oscuro cigars are black, very stong with little bouquet and are very rare.
OSD lab consists of desktop and laptop computers with assistive software.
OSD navigation is somewhat awkward.
OSDictionary class has a similar new method.
Osgoode students can participate in a moot for credit only once.
OSHashtable class has a new method.
Oshawa residents have access to some of the finest sports and recreation facilities in Ontario.
Osier soils are sandy throughout.
Osmium tetroxide has a strong odor resembling chlorine and rotting raddishes.
Osmium tetroxide is a highly toxic powerful oxidizing agent with a strong odor.
Osmium tetroxide is a powerful oxidising agent with a strong smell.
Osmium tetroxide is chemical compounds.
Osmium tetroxide is noncombustible, use extinguishing media appropriate for the surrounding fire.
Osmium tetroxide is regarded as a substance with poor warning properties.
Osmium tetroxide is very toxic and the only important commercial compound of osmium.
Osmolar diuresis is caused by a resorbable or nonresorbable solute in the tubular fluid.
Osmosis allows only the smaller molecules to pass through a membrane.
Osmosis also depletes water of minerals necessary for good health.
Osmosis can occur across cell membranes.
Osmosis causes water to flow out of the cell.
Osmosis checks each script step each time the script is called.
Osmosis controls the movement of water into and out of cells.
Osmosis Describe osmosis and reverse osmosis.
Osmosis has to do with water movement in and out of membrane.
Osmosis is a fundamental effect in all biological systems.
Osmosis is a fundamental part of cell biochemistry, but also has mechanical applications and usages.
Osmosis is a kind of diffusion where water is the substance moving across the membrane.
Osmosis is a rather complicated form of movement.
Osmosis is a special case of diffusion a.
Osmosis is a special case of diffusion.
Osmosis is a special movement of water across a selective permeable membrane.
Osmosis is a special type of diffusion.
Osmosis is a specific form of facilitated transport.
Osmosis is a type of diffusion that diffuses water through a selectively permeable membrane.
Osmosis is a veiy important phenomenon in all living things.
Osmosis is a very useful process.
Osmosis is always and only the diffusion of water through a selectively permeable membrane .
Osmosis is at the far end of town, past the nursery, on the left.
Osmosis is called into action to defeat the germ and save the digestive system.
Osmosis is diffusion involving water.
Osmosis is diffusion of water across a biological membrane.
Osmosis is diffusion of water across a membrane.
Osmosis is diffusion
Osmosis is diffusion.
Osmosis is important in exercise.
Osmosis is merely diffusion of water molecules across thin barriers called membranes.
Osmosis is movement of water across the membrane from low to high down the concentration gradient.
Osmosis is of great importance in many processes that occur in animals and plants.
Osmosis is one of the main ways in which our body keeps or retains moisture.
Osmosis is part of dialysis.
Osmosis is quite dynamic with pressures and concentrations changing minute to minute.
Osmosis is responsible for the creature's death in both cases.
Osmosis is the diffusion of free water across a membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water across a cell membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water across a differentially permeable membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water across a plasma membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water across a selectively permeable membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water across a semi-permeable membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water molecules across a cell membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water molecules across a selectively permeable membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water molecules across a semipermeable membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water through a selectively permeable membrane.
Osmosis is the diffusion of water.
Osmosis is the equalization of water, salt, sugar and mineral concentrations.
Osmosis is the movement of solvent molecules through a semipermeable membrane.
Osmosis is the movement of water across a membrane from weak solutions toward strong solutions.
Osmosis is the movement of water across selectively permeable membranes.
Osmosis is the movement of water by specific carrier proteins that are integral membrane proteins.
Osmosis is the movement of water molecules from a weak solution to a strong solution.
Osmosis is the movement of water molecules through a thin membrane.
Osmosis is the movement of water through a membrane.
Osmosis is the movement of water through a semi-permeable membrane.
Osmosis is the net migration of water through an osmotic membrane.
Osmosis is the passage of a liquid through a membrane.
Osmosis is the scientific process of transferring fluid between molecules.
Osmosis is the simple diffusion of water across the cell membrane or other semipermeable membrane.
Osmosis is the transfer of water through the cell membrane.
Osmosis is used to purify salt water in desalinization plants.
Osmosis is very similar to diffusion excempt it involves the movement of water.
Osmosis isa diffusion.
Osmosis maintains the balance between the blood and the other tissues.
Osmosis occurs in response to a concentration gradient for an impermeant solute.
Osmosis occurs when a membrane separates two solutions of different concentrations.
Osmosis occurs when water is taken up e.g. Plants take up water from the ground.
Osmosis plays an important role in the control of the flow of liquids in and out of a living cell.
Osmosis probably occurs much as in animal cells.
Osmosis uses the process name feature.
Most osmosis is part of dialysis.
Osmotic adjustment reduces time and increases accuracy in sea urchin sperm cell toxicity test.
Osmotic diarrhea results from poorly absorbed, unreacted magnesium salts in the small intestine.
Osmotic dilators cause gentle, slow opening of the cervix.
Osmotic diuresis is urination caused by the presence of certain substances in the kidney tubules.
Osmotic fragility is decreased.
Osmotic fragility is increased in cases of malaria infestation.
Osmotic fragility is usually normal.
Osmotic gradient favors reabsorption.
Osmotic laxatives increase the water content in the stool.
Osmotic membranes have smaller pores.
Osmotic potential is important to understanding plant-chemical relationships.
Osmotic pressure draws interstitial fluid from blood in arterioles, but replaces it in venules.
Osmotic pressure draws interstitial fluid from blood in arteriules, but replaces it in venules.
Osmotic pressure is a kind of pump for plants, helping water to move across cell walls.
Osmotic pressure is a property particular to the solution and is independent of the membrane.
Osmotic pressure is created by presence of salts and plasma proteins in blood.
Osmotic pressure is determined by plasma protein concentration.
Osmotic pressure is greater for smaller molecules and increases as concentration increases.
Osmotic pressure is particularly important in biological systems.
Osmotic pressure is pressure
Osmotic pressure is pressure.
Osmotic pressure is the pressure exerted by salts and proteins dissolved in bodily fluids.
Osmotic pressure is the pressure needed to stop osmosis.
Osmotic pressure pushes the drug out at a controlled rate.
Osmotic pressure pushes the organic nutrients through the phloem and throughout the tree.
Osmotic pressure rises with an increase in concentration of the solution.
Osmotic pressures are often quite high.
Osmotic stress causes mechanical freeze-thaw damage to thylakoids in vitro and in vivo.
Osmotic stress induces expression of choline monooxygenase in sugar beet and other crops.
Osmotic stress is experienced by cells throughout the freeze zone.
Osmotic thirst occurs when there is an increased level of solute concentrations in the body.
Osobb soils are on hills and plateaus.
Osobb soils are shallow over duripans resting on tuff bedrock.
Osobb soils have loamy-skeletal control sections.
Osolo soils are on swells on outwash plains.
OSP analyst have certain phrases and words they look for when reclassifying positions.
OSP dispatch calls for assistance.
OSP events are unicast only.
Osprey chicks have blood.
Most osprey chicks have blood.
Osprey courtship begins at food and nest locations.
Osprey eggs are whitish with reddish spots.
Osprey eggs incubate for about five weeks.
Some osprey feathers have levels.
All osprey nests observed to date have females presently in incubation posture.
Osprey parents hunt fish for their chicks until the chicks can hunt enough fish to feed themselves.
Osprey production is on schedule and on cost.
An osprey is a hawk
Osprey also eat rodents, birds small vertebrates and crustaceans.
Osprey are also here.
Osprey are common during migration in the spring and fall especially near water bodies.
Osprey are common.
Osprey are excellent fishers.
Osprey are fish eaters.
Osprey are great fun to watch while they fish.
Osprey are highly susceptible to egg thinning by pesticide contamination.
Osprey are know to be territorial.
Osprey are obligate fish-eaters in Yellowstone Lake.
Osprey are primarily monogomous and generally return to the same mate year after year.
Osprey are skilled hunters.
Osprey are specialists, and eagles are generalists.
Osprey are summer residents in Wisconsin.
Osprey are usually only present where the water is clean and food is plentiful.
Osprey build a nest of sticks high in a tree or on a sea cliff.
Osprey can catch and eat live fish only, with few exceptions.
Osprey carry their fish head-first, to reduce the drag as they fly with their prize.
Osprey continue to add on to their nests, which are used year after year.
Osprey have a unique fishing style.
Osprey have a unique way of carrying their food.
Osprey have a worldwide distribution and can be found on almost every continent except Antarctica.
Osprey is also regular.
Osprey is available in portage or rowing versions.
Osprey is the name of a tour from Journeys Latin America.
Osprey isa hawk.
Osprey make noises and show off their feathers.
Osprey make their nests in trees, atop power poles and on Osprey platforms near bodies of water.
Osprey occasionally nest in large colonies.
Osprey seeks to achieve superior equity and fixed income investment performance.
Osprey typically carry fish with the head held forward.
Osprey values the freedom to experiment with radical new designs and find ways to improve the breed.
Ospreys also are smaller than eagles.
Ospreys also breed on some of the Caribbean islands.
Ospreys also nest on other artificial sites such as electricity pylons, phone towers etc.
Ospreys also prefer to nest over water for protection against climbing predators.
Ospreys are a good substitute - but be warned that they still use old ideas.
Ospreys are a migratory species.
Ospreys are able to breed when they are three years old.
Ospreys are also a common winter visitor.
Ospreys are also fascinating and very popular to watch and photograph along the shore.
Ospreys are also plentiful.
Ospreys are also regular winter visitors from the mainland.
Ospreys are an indicator species.
Ospreys are believed to be largely monogamous, and strongly faithful both to nest and mate.
Ospreys are birds.
Ospreys are brown above and white below, and overall they are whiter than most raptors.
Ospreys are common near large bodies of water at lower elevations throughout Washington.
Ospreys are common winter visitors to the refuge.
Ospreys are dark brown above, bright white below, with some brown streaking across the breast.
Ospreys are excellent anglers.
Ospreys are fish hawks that have brown and white markings on their bellies.
Ospreys are found in a variety of freshwater, brackish and marine environments.
Ospreys are found throughout the world, except in Antarctica.
Ospreys are hawks.
Ospreys are highly specialised fish hunters.
Ospreys are important raptors of the Columbia Valley.
Ospreys are large birds known for diving down on their prey.
Ospreys are large birds, black-brown on top and white below.
Ospreys are large eagle-like hawks.
Ospreys are large, fish-eating, birds of prey.
Ospreys are large, striking, fish-eating birds of prey most often seen around water.
Ospreys are like the commercial fishers of the bird world.
Ospreys are monitored by park staff.
Ospreys are normally monogamous.
Ospreys are now almost as abundant as they have ever been.
Ospreys are on the endangered list at the state level.
Ospreys are one of few bird species that are nearly worldwide in distribution.
Ospreys are one of the most widely distributed species in the world.
Ospreys are one of the raptors that have been adversely affected, as have bald eagles .
Ospreys are opportunists.
Ospreys are specialists.
Ospreys are strong fliers capable of crossing the Mediterranean Sea and the Sahara Desert.
Ospreys are such smooth, quiet riders.
Ospreys are summer residents in North Carolina.
Ospreys are surprisingly vocal and the call is varied.
Ospreys are territorial birds, so they don t like other ospreys near their nests.
Ospreys are the most leisurely in their journey south despite an ambitious itinerary.
Ospreys are unique birds of prey in that they are the only raptor to eat exclusively fish.
Ospreys are unusual among raptors for being piscivores.
Ospreys are usually more successful at mid-tide and when the weather is calm.
Ospreys are very large and quite beautiful.
Ospreys are very large, distinctively shaped hawks.
Ospreys are vulnerable to predation from aerial predators, such as owls and eagles .
Ospreys are well equipped for their fishing livelihood.
Ospreys begin breeding at three or more years.
Ospreys breed along the edges of coasts, lakes, and rivers.
Ospreys breed in Australia and some surrounding Pacific Islands.
Ospreys breed once yearly.
Ospreys build a bulky nest of sticks similar to eagle nests.
Ospreys build large stick nests, usually near water.
Ospreys build nests high above the ground and reuse old nests.
Ospreys can also be good for ecotourism purposes.
Ospreys can build their nests close together in colonies or far from other pairs.
Ospreys can indicate the health of the enviroment by measuring their DDT and other chemical levels.
Ospreys catch fish.
Ospreys catch voles.
Ospreys divide the responsibilities of raising their children equally between the pair.
Ospreys do eat baby ducks.
Ospreys do have ears though they are just holes on the sides of their heads.
Ospreys eat a wide variety of fish.
Ospreys eat almost exclusively fish that they have caught.
Ospreys eat prey.
Ospreys emit a loud, clear whistle - often in a series and sometimes in response to other ospreys.
Ospreys feed almost entirely on live fish that they catch by diving feet first into the water.
Ospreys feed almost exclusively on fish.
Ospreys feed almost exclusively on live fish and typically remain near water.
Ospreys feed on fish.
Ospreys generally eat fish starting at the head and working toward the tail.
Ospreys giving alarm calls usually stand very erect on the nest, or dive at the disturbance.
Ospreys has-part toes.
Ospreys have (part) air sacs.
Ospreys have (part) bird's feet.
Ospreys have (part) brains.
Ospreys have (part) breasts.
Ospreys have (part) cell membranes.
Ospreys have (part) cells.
Ospreys have (part) chest cavities.
Ospreys have (part) chests.
Ospreys have (part) corpi.
Ospreys have (part) cytoplasm.
Ospreys have (part) ears.
Ospreys have (part) faces.
Ospreys have (part) flight feathers.
Ospreys have (part) heads.
Ospreys have (part) lips.
Ospreys have (part) mouths.
Ospreys have (part) nuclei.
Ospreys have (part) plasma membranes.
Ospreys have (part) quill feathers.
Ospreys have (part) rib cages.
Ospreys have (part) second joints.
Ospreys have (part) sections.
Ospreys have (part) skulls.
Ospreys have (part) sterna.
Ospreys have (part) talons.
Ospreys have (part) vacuoles.
Ospreys have (part) wishbones.
Ospreys have a high nest-site fidelity and return to previously existing nest structures each year.
Ospreys have a worldwide distribution and live near water.
Ospreys have a worldwide distribution.
Ospreys have all-white bodies, easily seen in flight.
Ospreys have coloration.
Ospreys have feet.
Ospreys have large ranges.
Ospreys have light blue-gray feet, yellow eyes and a black beak.
Ospreys have ranges.
Ospreys have several adaptations for hunting fish.
Ospreys have speckle coloration.
Ospreys have wings.
Ospreys help attract ecotourism to areas.
Ospreys lack the flying ability to catch another bird on the wing.
Ospreys like to build their nests near water, in the tallest place they can find.
Ospreys likewise abound, and no other refuge echoes more often with the weird cries of the limpkin.
Ospreys live almost exclusively on fish .
Ospreys live in every continent except for Antarctica.
Ospreys live in nests.
Ospreys live in places.
Ospreys live in regions.
Ospreys live in same places.
Ospreys live near both salt and fresh water.
Ospreys live near freash and salt water on the East cost.
Ospreys live near rivers, lakes, streams and by the ocean.
Ospreys live near water and usually nest in the tops of tall dead trees.
Ospreys live virtually throughout the world, except in the polar regions and much of South America.
Ospreys look for fish by hovering over the water.
Ospreys love to build their huge nests up in high, unobstructed places.
Ospreys mainly feed on fish.
Ospreys make nests.
Ospreys mate for life and are devoted parents.
Ospreys mate for life and tend to return to the same nest site year after year.
Ospreys mature after two years of age.
Ospreys nest in colonies.
Ospreys nest nearby on an old power pole.
Ospreys occasionally capture small mammals, birds, amphibians, and reptiles.
Ospreys occur on all continents except Antarctica and have faced extinction in several areas.
Ospreys pose two problems to rehabilitators.
Ospreys prey on rodents.
Ospreys primarily hover above water, then plunge to catch shallow-water fish.
Ospreys raise families on utility poles throughout Shelter Island and on platforms in Jamaica Bay.
Ospreys reach maturity.
Ospreys reach sexual maturity between three and five years of age.
Ospreys reach sexual maturity.
Ospreys regularly fish the loch.
Ospreys regularly use area for roosting and perching.
Ospreys remain from around the Baltic Sea eastwards.
Ospreys require water.
Ospreys return to the Refuge.
Ospreys seek prey.
Ospreys show a wide range in their tolerance of human disturbance.
Ospreys soar overhead.
Ospreys spot prey.
Ospreys tend to stick to the same area for years on end.
Ospreys use local enhancement and flock foraging to locate prey.
Ospreys use many methods to navigate.
Ospreys use the site regularly during migration, as do hundreds of waterfowl.
Ospreys use up to five different calls to communicate with each other.
Ospreys use wind currents to fly, and are most comfortable perched on high tree branches.
Ospreys frequently hunt on the refuge.
Ospreys often check out the nests of others when migrating.
Osprey sometimes fish here.
Osprey usually mate for life.
Osprey usually outnumber humans.
Ospreys usually eat only fish.
Ospreys usually hunt alone, during early morning and late afternoon.
Ospreys usually mate for life and breeding takes place in spring.
Ospreys usually mate for life.
Ospreys usually spend several months near their nests before migrating to West Africa.
Many ospreys also have a hard time finding enough fish to feed their babies.
Most ospreys are migratory birds that breed in the north and migrate south for the winter.
Most ospreys eat prey.
Most ospreys has-part toes.
Most ospreys have coloration.
Most ospreys have feet.
Most ospreys have large ranges.
Most ospreys have ranges.
Most ospreys have speckle coloration.
Most ospreys have wings.
Most ospreys live in nests.
Most ospreys live in places.
Most ospreys live in regions.
Most ospreys live in same places.
Most ospreys make nests.
Most ospreys reach maturity.
Most ospreys reach sexual maturity.
Most ospreys require water.
Most ospreys seek prey.
Some ospreys eat aquatic creatures.
Some ospreys eat creatures.
Some ospreys eat fish.
Some ospreys have ability.
Some ospreys have concentration.
Some ospreys have plenty.
Some ospreys have toes.
Some ospreys have valves.
Some ospreys have weight.
Some ospreys kill lions.
Some ospreys live in the same place all year.
Some ospreys lose power.
Some ospreys nest on cliff ledges.
Some ospreys nest on ledges.
Some ospreys provide food.
Some ospreys return to nest sites.
Some ospreys return to same nest sites.
Some ospreys return to sites.
Some ospreys sit on branches.
Many OSR documents are available for downloading.
OSR representatives have an important role to play at their own medical schools.
Ossabaw hogs come from an isolated island off the coast of Georgia.
Osseous involvement is also possible.
Osseous tissue forms the rigid part of the bone organs that make up the skeletal system.
Osseous tissue forms the variety of bones that make up the skeletal system.
Osseous tissue is a material
Osseous tissue provides levers for muscles and allows for mineral storage.
Ossian soils are subject to flooding.
Ossian soils have thicker sola and free carbonates at a greater depth.
An ossicle is a bone
Ossicles are bones.
Ossicles conduct sound from the eardrum to the cochlea.
Ossicles following the radials are brachials .
Ossicles form a continuous fused armor in the form of plates.
Ossicles Think of the three bones as a lever system with three components.
Ossicular chain is massive, nearly straight and loosely joined.
Ossidian courses are fast, convenient and inexpensive.
Ossification centers are the focal points of new bone development.
Ossification begins at a primary ossification center.
Ossification begins at predefined sites of the membrane and radiates outward.
Ossification begins in the body, about the eighth week of fetal life.
Ossification begins up to seven months before birth.
Ossification can be present, and such lesions can, uncommonly, recur.
Ossification involves replacements.
Ossification is a biological process
Ossification is calcification.
Ossification is characterized by a lack of innovative decision making and the avoidance of risks.
Ossification is completed about the age of puberty.
Ossification is the formation of bone by osteoblasts.
Ossification is the process by which bones harden.
Ossification isa process.
Ossification produces bones.
Ossification progresses from proximal to distal and cranial to caudal.
Ossification remains incomplete, and the fontanelles persist.
Ossification sequences in identical triplets.
Ossification spreads in both directions from the primary ossification center.
Most ossification involves replacements.
Most ossification produces bones.
Some ossification takes places.
An ossuary is a receptacle
Ossuaries make women horny.
Osteal defect is replaced with vascularized autograft of peroneal bone .
Osteitis pubis is identified.
Osteitis pubis is one of the many sports-related injuries that cause pain in the groin area.
Osteitis pubis represents inflammation of the symphysis pubis.
Ostensible partners are active and are known to be partners.
Ostentation is displays.
Ostentation is quality
Ostentation is such boastful showiness.
Ostentation is the norm.
Ostentation regulates the conduct of the rabbis.
Ostentatious behavior is to be avoided.
Ostentatious greetings are for average Joes and insurance seminars.
Osteo arthritis is painful and potentially crippling.
Osteoarthritis attacks cartilage, a smooth, gliding surface that covers the ends of bones.
Osteoarthritis drug relieves menstrual pain.
Osteoarthritis isa arthritis.
Osteoarthritises have (part) inflammation.
Osteoarthritises have gradual onsets.
Osteoarthritises have onsets.
Most osteoarthritises have gradual onsets.
Some osteoarthritises affect weight.
Osteoblast role is to add bone tissue to the outside of the bone.
An osteoblast is a cell
Osteoblast isa cell.
Osteoblasts also express a secreted factor called osteoprotegerin.
Osteoblasts also influence osteoclast function.
Osteoblasts also manufacture hormones , such as prostaglandins , to act on the bone itself.
Osteoblasts are bone cells.
Osteoblasts are bone-forming cells, have an extensive endoplasmic reticulum and numerous ribosomes.
Osteoblasts are cells active in bone formation, filling in pits of resorption.
Osteoblasts are embryonic cells.
Osteoblasts are normal cells that are involved in bone formation.
Osteoblasts are prominent on the side of the trabeculae away from the lobule.
Osteoblasts are responsible for bone formation.
Osteoblasts are responsible for building bone matrix by producing mineral deposits.
Osteoblasts are specialized, terminally differentiated products of mesenchymal stem cells .
Osteoblasts are target cells for transformation in c-fos transgenic mice.
Osteoblasts are the agent in making bone.
Osteoblasts are the bone-forming cells.
Osteoblasts are the cells responsible for the formation of bone.
Osteoblasts are the cells that create new bone.
Osteoblasts are the cells that form the matrix of the bone.
Osteoblasts are the immature bone cells.
Osteoblasts are the major cellular component of bone.
Osteoblasts are vital for increasing bone density.
Osteoblasts arise from mesenchymal stem cells .
Osteoblasts attach to the membrane, ossifying from the center of the bone outward.
Osteoblasts build bone.
Osteoblasts build up bone and osteoclasts tear down bone.
Osteoblasts can grow on such foams.
Osteoblasts express receptors for parathyroid hormone and control the initiation of bone resorption.
Osteoblasts follow along behind the osteoclasts and fill in the defects.
Osteoblasts form a calcium phosphate matrix and deposit salts, they then become osteocytes.
Osteoblasts form a cell layer over bone surfaces on which matrix is being formed.
Osteoblasts form collagen and proteoglycans.
Osteoblasts form new bone in a process called formation .
Osteoblasts form new bone in the resorption cavity.
Osteoblasts function in forming new bone.
Osteoblasts give rise to the alveolar bone around the roots of teeth.
Osteoblasts have (part) cell membranes.
Osteoblasts have (part) chromatin.
Osteoblasts have (part) chromosomes.
Osteoblasts have (part) corpi.
Osteoblasts have (part) cytoplasm.
Osteoblasts have (part) cytoskeletons.
Osteoblasts have (part) lobes.
Osteoblasts have (part) nuclei.
Osteoblasts have (part) plasma membranes.
Osteoblasts have (part) sections.
Osteoblasts have (part) vacuoles.
Osteoblasts have receptors for parathyroid hormone and apparently for estrogen.
Osteoblasts increase growth of long bones at the epiphyseal plate.
Osteoblasts invade the callus and convert it to bone.
Osteoblasts line the surface of newly forming bone matrix.
Osteoblasts make and secrete collagen, giving bone a measure of elasticity.
Osteoblasts make up bone and osteoclasts break it down.
Osteoblasts manufacture bone and are derived from mesodermal in origin.
Osteoblasts move in and ossify the matrix to form bone.
Osteoblasts produce exuberant hypervascular new bone.
Osteoblasts secrete alkaline phosphatase causing a rise in serum alkaline phosphatase.
Osteoblasts secrete collagen which are bound together by polysaccharides.
Osteoblasts secrete material inside the shaft of the cartilage model of long bones.
Osteoblasts synthesize and secrete a collagen matrix and calcium salts.
Osteoblasts then arrive to rebuild the damage.
Osteoblasts then move in to cover the excavated area and start the process of building new bone.
Osteoblasts then take over and fill the holes with a material that takes a few days to harden.
Osteoblasts try to compensate for the increased pace by rapidly depositing new bone.
Osteoblasts work in teams to build bone.
Osteoblastic lesions result from new bone growth that is stimulated by the tumor.
Osteoblastic repair is also hyperactive, producing coarsely woven thickened lamellae and trabeculae.
Osteoblastic tumors are most evident in prostate cancer.
An osteochondroma is a tumor
All osteochondromas have a direct communication with the cortex as well as narrow cavity.
Osteoclast activity decreases.
Osteoclast activity increases.
Osteoclast activity is directly inhibited and the number of osteoclasts is reduced.
An osteoclast is a bone cell
Osteoclast isa cell.
Osteoclasts also aid in the healing of fractures and building new bone.
Osteoclasts are a critical part of growth plate remodeling which is vital for height growth.
Osteoclasts are an important part of the process of growing taller.
Osteoclasts are bone cells, which break down bone tissue.
Osteoclasts are bone cells.
Osteoclasts are cells found during bone development and remodeling.
Osteoclasts are cells that bone.
Osteoclasts are cells that break down, or reabsorb, bone.
Osteoclasts are clearly the agents driving bone loss due to unloading.
Osteoclasts are formed by the fusion of many cells derived from circulating monocytes in the blood .
Osteoclasts are found in sites in which bone is being remodeled.
Osteoclasts are generally present on the outer layer of bone, just beneath the periosteum .
Osteoclasts are hematopoietic cells which play important roles in bone remodeling and resorption.
Osteoclasts are large cells that break down bone tissue.
Osteoclasts are many times larger than osteoblasts.
Osteoclasts are multinucleate cells that secrete enzymes to breakdown bown tissue.
Osteoclasts are multinucleated haematopoietic cells that resorb bone.
Osteoclasts are normal cells that are involved in bone resorption.
Osteoclasts are responsible for bone resorption.
Osteoclasts are responsible for the reabsorption or breakdown of bone.
Osteoclasts are specialized cells known to play a key role in bone resorption and bone remodeling.
Osteoclasts are the cells responsible for bone resorption.
Osteoclasts are the cells responsible for breaking of the bones.
Osteoclasts are unable to resorb unmineralized matrix.
Osteoclasts are very large cells with multiple, seperate round to oval, uniformly sized nuclei.
Osteoclasts are very mobile.
Osteoclasts are what remodel bone.
Osteoclasts arise by the fusion of mononuclear precursors.
Osteoclasts break down bone matrix and help recycle calcium and repair and reshape bone.
Osteoclasts break down bone, and osteoblasts build it.
Osteoclasts break down matrix while osteoblasts form new bone matrix.
Osteoclasts break down the middle of the diaphysis, forming the medullary cavity.
Osteoclasts cause bone reabsorption.
Osteoclasts continually break down old bone while osteoblasts continually form new bone.
Osteoclasts derive from hematopoietic stem cells according to marker, giant lysosomes of beige mice.
Osteoclasts destroy bone as part of the overall continual remodeling process.
Osteoclasts destroy bone mineral tissue in the process called bone turnover.
Osteoclasts destroy bone tissue while osteoblasts build it.
Osteoclasts destroy the old bone and osteoblasts deposit new minerals and build new bone.
Osteoclasts develop from monocytes and macrophages and differ in appearance from other bone cells.
Osteoclasts dissolve minerals in bone .
Osteoclasts form marrow cavity . . . .
Osteoclasts have (part) cell membranes.
Osteoclasts have (part) chromatin.
Osteoclasts have (part) chromosomes.
Osteoclasts have (part) corpi.
Osteoclasts have (part) cytoplasm.
Osteoclasts have (part) cytoskeletons.
Osteoclasts have (part) lobes.
Osteoclasts have (part) nuclei.
Osteoclasts have (part) plasma membranes.
Osteoclasts have (part) sections.
Osteoclasts have (part) vacuoles.
Osteoclasts have receptors for calcitonin and osteoblasts have receptors for parathyroid hormone.
Osteoclasts have the function of removing old bone.
Osteoclasts invade the newly formed spongy bone and carve out a marrow cavity.
Osteoclasts live in the central portion of the bone.
Osteoclasts make new bone cells.
Osteoclasts play an important role in the body in the routine process of bone removal and growth.
Osteoclasts promote the formation of hematopoietic stem cell niches in the bone marrow.
Osteoclasts reabsorb the existing bone while the new bone is formed by osteoblasts.
Osteoclasts remove the existing calcified matrix releasing the inorganic or organic components.
Osteoclasts resorb bone and osteoblasts make bound.
Osteoclasts resorb old bone and osteoblasts make new bone.
Osteoclasts tear down aging bone, while osteoblasts work to rebuild it.
Osteoclasts work to break down bone, while osteoblasts rebuild bone.
Osteoclastic activity is enhanced by prolonged and excessive secretion of parathyroid hormone.
Osteoclastic activity is reduced by calcitonin and bisphosphonates.
An osteocyte is a bone cell
Osteocyte isa cell.
Osteocytes are actually osteoblasts that have become embedded in the newly mineralizing bone tissue.
Osteocytes are bone cells.
Osteocytes are bone maintenance cells and are found in bone spaces called lacunae.
Osteocytes are bone maintenance cells and arefound in bone spaces called lacunae.
Osteocytes are branched cells.
Osteocytes are derived from osteoblasts - the cells that form new bone.
Osteocytes are found in small, round cavities called lacunae and have thin, cytoplasmic branches.
Osteocytes are mature bone cells made from osteoblasts that have made bone tissue around themselves.
Osteocytes are responsible for bone growth and changes in the bone.
Osteocytes are the actual bones.
Osteocytes are the mature cells inside of bone tissue.
Osteocytes are the most abundant type of cell in mature bone tissue .
Osteocytes are the permanent living cells of the bone matrix.
Osteocytes are within new bone lacunae.
Osteocytes connect with the vasculature, as shown with the blood vessel.
Osteocytes ensure that the bone continues to function as living tissue.
Osteocytes have (part) cell membranes.
Osteocytes have (part) chromatin.
Osteocytes have (part) chromosomes.
Osteocytes have (part) corpi.
Osteocytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Osteocytes have (part) cytoskeletons.
Osteocytes have (part) lobes.
Osteocytes have (part) nuclei.
Osteocytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Osteocytes have (part) sections.
Osteocytes have (part) vacuoles.
Osteocytes have important functions in maintenance of the skeleton.
Osteocytes help to maintain the minerals in bone tissue and continue to strengthen the growing bone.
Osteocytes live in the cavities of the bone and maintain it from within.
Osteocytes maintain the mineral concentration of the matrix via the secretion of enzymes .
Osteocytes remain alive and are connected by cell processes to a surface layer of osteoblasts.
Osteocytes remove and replace perilacunar mineral during reproductive cycles.
Osteocytes secrete much less collagen than do osteoblasts.
Osteogenic cells are the only bone cells that divide.
Osteogenic cells are undifferentiated and develop into osteoblasts.
Osteogenic sarcoma has a propensity to metastasize selectively to the lung parenchyma.
Osteogenic sarcoma is a malignant bone tumor.
Osteogenic sarcoma is one of the most common types of primary malignant bone tumors.
Osteogenic sarcoma is sarcoma
Osteogenic sarcoma is the most common primary malignant tumor of bone.
Osteogenic sarcoma is treated by chemotherapy and surgery.
Osteoid osteoma is a benign tumour of bone matrix.
Osteological analysis indicates that both skulls are of young adult males.
An osteology is an anatomy
Osteology can also help to determine the length of time since death.
Osteology is a very useful tool for scientists working on identifying human remains.
An osteolysis is lysis
Osteolysis can ultimately result in implant failure and revision surgery.
Osteolysis develops in the distal and middle phalanges, with a characteristic tapering effect.
Osteolysis is the major cause of implant failure.
Osteolytic hypercalcemia is due to direct bone destruction by primary or metastatic tumor.
Osteolytic lesions can occur in the skull, long bones or phalanges.
Osteoma cutis is characterized by the formation of bone in dermal or subcutaneous sites.
An osteoma is a tumor
Osteoma is often slow growing but it has continuous growth.
Osteoma is treated by surgical excision.
Osteomas are slow growing lesions that are normally completely asymptomatic.
Osteomas tend to be relatively flat, lightly pigmented with well defined and scalloped edges.
An osteomalacia is pathology
All osteomalacia stand normal still narrow, since uncle argued any.
Osteonectin expression correlates with clinical outcome in thin cutaneous malignant melanomas.
An osteopath is a therapist
Osteopaths aim to improve the mobility of the tissues and joints using massage and manipulation.
Osteopaths are doctors and are sometimes confused with chiropractors.
Osteopaths are general practitioners first, specialists second.
Osteopaths are generally more holistically inclined.
Osteopaths are iconoclasts.
Osteopaths are often a bit more open to alternative ideas.
Osteopaths are primary contact practitioners who work in accordance with osteopathic principles.
Osteopaths are specialists in the treatment and prevention of muscle and joint pain.
Osteopaths are therapists.
Osteopaths are true physicians, working in all specialties of medicine.
Osteopaths believe in the body's natural tendency toward health and self-healing.
Osteopaths can prescribe drugs and do surgery also, but they are less likely to do so.
Osteopaths elsewhere restrict their practice to manipulation only.
Osteopaths focus on tracing the changes in function that have occurred over a period of time.
Osteopaths have many manipulative tools at their disposal.
Osteopaths have training in skeletal manipulation in addition to their medical training.
Osteopaths manipulate the muscles and spine to improve mobility and balance.
Osteopaths only help the body to heal itself.
Osteopaths take the same courses and licensing tests as MDs.
Osteopaths use specialized soft tissue techniques which resembles massage.
Osteopaths work in a range of health care settings in Australia and overseas.
Osteopaths work to restore the musculoskeletal system of the body to a state of balance and harmony.
Osteopaths work with their hands using a wide variety of treatment techniques.
All osteopaths agree that the dislocation of a rib is of frequent occurrence.
All osteopaths have professional indemnity insurance.
All osteopaths work in different ways and employ different techniques.
Some osteopaths specialize in the field of cranial osteopathy.
Osteopathic manipulation alleviates somatic dysfunction.
Osteopathic medicine is a comprehensive approach to health and disease.
Osteopathic medicine is a different branch of medicine.
Osteopathic medicine is a relatively young, small profession.
Osteopathic medicine is one of two distinct branches of medical practice in the United States.
Osteopathic medicine is the fastest growing health profession in America.
Osteopathic medicine is the medicine of the future that is available today.
Osteopathic medicine is the second type of medicine.
Most osteopathic physicians are in general practice with special emphasis on preventative medicine.
All osteopathic residencies require completion of an osteopathic internship.
Osteopathic treatment can help the body adapt, and make the pregnancy much more comfortable.
Osteopathic treatment can often reduce tension and relieve heartburn.
Osteopathic treatment can sometimes stabilise the pregnancy and allow it to proceed to full term.
Osteopathic treatment involves gentle support of the neuromusculoskeletal system.
An osteophyte is an appendage
Osteophytes also form at the insertion sites of the joint capsule.
Osteophytes are associated with the most common type of arthritis, known as osteoarthritis .
Osteophytes are bony growths or deposits, also referred to as bone spurs.
Osteophytes are diseases.
Osteophytes are present on the ventrolateral surfaces of vertebral bodies. . .
Osteophytes are processes.
Osteophytes can form anteriorly or posteriorly.
Most osteophytes are anterior or lateral in projection.
Osteopontin expression correlates with clinical outcome in patients with mycobacterial infection.
Osteoporatic fractures are more common than stroke, heart attack and breast cancer combined.
Osteoporic bone becomes very porous, with the breakdown of bone.
An osteoporosis is pathology
Osteoporosis accounts for more than one million fractures a year in the U.S. alone.
Osteoporosis affects about one out of two women over a lifetime.
Osteoporosis affects both men and women and occurs when the body fails to form new bone.
Osteoporosis affects both men and women, however it is more common in women.
Osteoporosis affects both men and women.
Osteoporosis affects jaw bones as much as long bones and the spine.
Osteoporosis affects millions of people, mostly women.
Osteoporosis affects more women than men.
Osteoporosis affects most women to some degree.
Osteoporosis affects mostly older women, but older men can get it too.
Osteoporosis affects one in three women and one in ten men.
Osteoporosis affects only women.
Osteoporosis affects persons of all ages.
Osteoporosis afflicts more people than any other bone disease .
Osteoporosis afflicts one in two females and one in three males over the age of sixty in Australia.
Osteoporosis also is a major health concern of seniors.
Osteoporosis becomes more common with age.
Osteoporosis begins in childhood.
Osteoporosis begins long before estrogen levels fall and accelerates for a few years at menopause.
Osteoporosis begins long before oestrogen levels fall, and accelerates for a few years at menopause.
Osteoporosis can accelerate bone loss, which can lead to dentures at an earlier age.
Osteoporosis can affect anyone regardless of sex or race.
Osteoporosis can affect anyone, however.
Osteoporosis can affect more than just the bones.
Osteoporosis can also affect men.
Osteoporosis can also cause a hump in the upper back, often referred to as a dowager's hump.
Osteoporosis can also causes spine fractures.
Osteoporosis can also increase the risk of hip fractures, a major problem for older people.
Osteoporosis can be a life-threatening disease.
Osteoporosis can be a tragic disease.
Osteoporosis can be due to calcium deficiency.
Osteoporosis can be hereditary.
Osteoporosis can begin as early as adolescence.
Osteoporosis can cause a great deal of suffering, and it can also increase the risk of death.
Osteoporosis can cause fractures to bones like wrists and hips and also weaken the jawbone.
Osteoporosis can cause shortening of the spine or a humped back.
Osteoporosis can cause the hip to become brittle and bone to disintegrate.
Osteoporosis can cause the spine to bend and makes bones more likely to break.
Osteoporosis can lead to enhanced bone fragility and an increase in the risk of fracture.
Osteoporosis can lead to fractures after little or no trauma.
Osteoporosis can lead to fracturing as the bone density decreases with age.
Osteoporosis can lead to hip fractures.
Osteoporosis can lead to life-threatening complications.
Osteoporosis can lead to loss of height and deformity.
Osteoporosis can lead to severe bone fracture.
Osteoporosis can result in a high risk of bone fractures and collapse of the vertebrae.
Osteoporosis can result in vertebral fractures, which cause a stooping-over of the spine.
Osteoporosis can strike at any age.
Osteoporosis causes a decrease in bone mass, often referred to as thinning of bone.
Osteoporosis causes bone breakdown, that can lead to multiple fractures and tooth loss.
Osteoporosis causes bones to become more fragile and break easier.
Osteoporosis causes bones to become more porous, dangerously brittle, and prone to breakage.
Osteoporosis causes bones to become thinner and break more easily.
Osteoporosis causes bones to become thinner and more porous.
Osteoporosis causes bones to become, thin, weak and fragile and susceptible to fracture.
Osteoporosis causes bones to break under normal use.
Osteoporosis causes bones to lose calcium and become more porous, thinner, and weaker.
Osteoporosis causes bones to lose strength, becoming more fragile.
Osteoporosis causes bones to thin and become more brittle and weak.
Osteoporosis causes bones to weaken, resulting in a greater risk of fractures and other injuries.
Osteoporosis causes bones, especially in the hip, spine, and wrist, to become brittle.
Osteoporosis causes brittle bones and can lead to bone fractures, especially in active children.
Osteoporosis causes brittle bones and demineralisation of bones.
Osteoporosis causes major orthopedic problems in almost one third of post-menopausal women.
Osteoporosis causes more than a million hip fractures a year.
Osteoporosis causes more than one million fractures every year.
Osteoporosis causes pain, disability, and loss of independence.
Osteoporosis causes severe and unremitting bone pain.
Osteoporosis causes skeletal weakness.
Osteoporosis causes the bones to become so fragile that they break with just the slightest movement.
Osteoporosis causes the bones to become weak and brittle.
Osteoporosis causes the bones to weaken and fracture under the slightest stress.
Osteoporosis causes the loss of bone mass and strength.
Osteoporosis causes weak bones.
Osteoporosis crosses all race, gender, and economic boundaries.
Osteoporosis deforms the skeletal structure.
Osteoporosis depletes both the calcium salts and the protein in the bone.
Osteoporosis develops as people age because their bones grow thinner and become less dense.
Osteoporosis develops because of an imbalance of bone formation and bone loss.
Osteoporosis develops over a period of years - often without any outward symptoms.
Osteoporosis develops over a period of years.
Osteoporosis develops slowly, and the seeds are sown in our youth.
Osteoporosis develops slowly.
Osteoporosis develops when bone removal occurs too quickly or if replacement occurs too slowly.
Osteoporosis develops when bone resorption occurs too quickly or if replacement occurs too slowly.
Osteoporosis develops when calcium is depleted from the bones faster than it can be replenished.
Osteoporosis develops when more bone is dissolved than is formed.
Osteoporosis does become more common as people get older.
Osteoporosis does occur in men, too, albeit less frequently than in women.
Osteoporosis does strike women much more often than it does men.
Osteoporosis drains away bone mass over many years without warning to the patient or doctor.
Osteoporosis generally occures without symtoms.
Osteoporosis gives no warning.
Osteoporosis has many causes, both controllable and uncontrollable.
Osteoporosis has multiple causes.
Osteoporosis has no symptoms and it progresses slowly.
Osteoporosis has no symptoms in the early stages.
Osteoporosis has no symptoms.
Osteoporosis increases the risk of fracture.
Osteoporosis increases the risk of fractures, especially of the spine, hip, and wrist.
Osteoporosis is a big problem in the elderly, particularly women.
Osteoporosis is a bone disease in which bones become thinner.
Osteoporosis is a bone disease that causes bones to become brittle and break very easily.
Osteoporosis is a bone disease that is quite common, especially in older women.
Osteoporosis is a bone disorder in which bone matter becomes thinner and weaker.
Osteoporosis is a bone-thinning disease that leads to bone fractures.
Osteoporosis is a bone-weakening disease that leads to fractures and tooth loss.
Osteoporosis is a bone-weakening disease.
Osteoporosis is a chronic disease that can have a devastating effect on an individual's life.
Osteoporosis is a chronic, progressive disease.
Osteoporosis is a clinically detectable disease with bone densitometry.
Osteoporosis is a common complication of anorexia nervosa.
Osteoporosis is a common condition among older women and warfarin is widely used among older women.
Osteoporosis is a common condition associated with menopause.
Osteoporosis is a common condition that affects millions of people.
Osteoporosis is a common condition.
Osteoporosis is a common consequence of organ transplantation.
Osteoporosis is a common disease, especially in older women.
Osteoporosis is a common disorder affecting a large number of adults.
Osteoporosis is a common disorder among women.
Osteoporosis is a common problem faced by the old.
Osteoporosis is a common problem later in life when there has been malnutrition.
Osteoporosis is a common problem whose management is controversial.
Osteoporosis is a common type of metabolic bone disease that is associated with low calcium levels.
Osteoporosis is a condition characterized by the progressive loss of and thinning of bone tissue.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which bones become less dense, more brittle, and fracture easily.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which bones become more porous and are susceptible to breaks.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which bones become porous and fragile.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which bones become thin after middle age.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which bones become thin, fragile, and highly prone to fracture.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which bones become weak, fragile, and brittle.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which bones lose calcium and become weakened and fragile.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which the bones become less dense and thus more fragile over time.
Osteoporosis is a condition in which the bones become weak, brittle, and prone to breaking.
Osteoporosis is a condition marked by decreased bone mass and decreased bone density.
Osteoporosis is a condition of abnormal bone modeling.
Osteoporosis is a condition of bone mass loss that eventually results in fractures.
Osteoporosis is a condition of decreased bone mass resulting in structural weakness of bone.
Osteoporosis is a condition of gradually weakening and increasingly brittle bones.
Osteoporosis is a condition of gradually weakening brittle bones.
Osteoporosis is a condition of having thin and brittle bones.
Osteoporosis is a condition of loss of bone that can cause bones to get thinner and weaker.
Osteoporosis is a condition of weakened bones due to loss of calcium and minerals.
Osteoporosis is a condition related to excessive bone loss and decreased bone density.
Osteoporosis is a condition that involves a reduction in bone mass.
Osteoporosis is a condition that involves thinning of the bones and can lead to bone fractures.
Osteoporosis is a condition that is characterized by decreased bone mass and density.
Osteoporosis is a condition that only affects women.
Osteoporosis is a condition that results from reduced bone mass.
Osteoporosis is a condition where bones become brittle and susceptible to breaks.
Osteoporosis is a condition, which causes the bones of postmenopausal women to become weak.
Osteoporosis is a contributing factor.
Osteoporosis is a debilitating disease in which bones become fragile and are more likely to break.
Osteoporosis is a debilitating disease that affects millions of people every year.
Osteoporosis is a decline in bone mass - that is, in the total amount of bone substance.
Osteoporosis is a decrease in bone mass and strength causing increased susceptibility to fractures.
Osteoporosis is a decrease in bone mass that leaves bones very fragile and susceptible to fractures.
Osteoporosis is a decrease in bone mineral density.
Osteoporosis is a decrease in the bone matrix, which leads to small holes in the bone tissue.
Osteoporosis is a definite threat over time.
Osteoporosis is a degenerative bone disease that affects mostly post-menopausal women.
Osteoporosis is a degenerative bone disease that primarily affects post-menopausal women.
Osteoporosis is a degenerative disease that leaves bones porous and fragile.
Osteoporosis is a disabling disease that takes decades to develop.
Osteoporosis is a disease associated with a gradual thinning and weakening of the bones.
Osteoporosis is a disease associated with gradual thinning and weakening of bones.
Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by a decrease in bone mineral density.
Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by decreased bone density.
Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by decreased bone mass, or weak bones.
Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by decreased bone mass.
Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by fragile bones.
Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by loss of strength and thickness of bone tissue.
Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by low bone mass and deterioration of bone tissue.
Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by the loss of bone mass resulting in fractures.
Osteoporosis is a disease in which bones become fragile and are more likely to break.
Osteoporosis is a disease in which bones become fragile and can break easily.
Osteoporosis is a disease in which bones become fragile and more likely to break.
Osteoporosis is a disease in which bones become fragile.
Osteoporosis is a disease in which bones become thinner and more likely to break.
Osteoporosis is a disease in which reduced bone mass causes bones to break easily.
Osteoporosis is a disease in which the bones become brittle and weak.
Osteoporosis is a disease in which the calcium content of bones has been depleted.
Osteoporosis is a disease of ageing and, although commoner in women, can occur in both sexes.
Osteoporosis is a disease of bone that is characterized by a diminution in bone tissue mass.
Osteoporosis is a disease of bone, leading to an increased risk of fracture .
Osteoporosis is a disease of bones where they become weak and fragile in later life.
Osteoporosis is a disease of elderly women.
Osteoporosis is a disease of epidemic proportions, yet it is preventable.
Osteoporosis is a disease of progressive bone loss associated with an increased risk of fractures.
Osteoporosis is a disease of the bones, characterized by a decrease in bone mass and density.
Osteoporosis is a disease of the bones.
Osteoporosis is a disease of the skeletal system.
Osteoporosis is a disease of the skeleton in which bones become brittle and prone to fracture.
Osteoporosis is a disease of the skeleton.
Osteoporosis is a disease of the thinning of the bones due to loss of calcium.
Osteoporosis is a disease of thin bones that break easily.
Osteoporosis is a disease that affects the bones and leads to an increase in bone fractures.
Osteoporosis is a disease that can be prevented.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes bones to become porous and less dense.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes bones to become thin, weak and brittle.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes bones to become thinner.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes bones to break more easily.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes bones to gradually become weaker and more brittle.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes bones to weaken and break more easily.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes bones to weaken.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes porous bones.
Osteoporosis is a disease that causes the bones to become thin and brittle.
Osteoporosis is a disease that characteristically afflicts postmenopausal women.
Osteoporosis is a disease that comes with advancing age.
Osteoporosis is a disease that hits women three times as frequently as men.
Osteoporosis is a disease that reduces bone density, causing bones to become frail and brittle.
Osteoporosis is a disease that results from excess bone turnover.
Osteoporosis is a disease that results from the removal of too much bone tissue by osteoclasts.
Osteoporosis is a disease where decreased bone strength increases the risk of a broken bone .
Osteoporosis is a disease which causes bones to become so fragile that they break easily.
Osteoporosis is a disease without symptoms.
Osteoporosis is a disorder characterised by the progressive thinning and weakening of the bones.
Osteoporosis is a disorder characterized by the progressive thinning and weakening of the bones.
Osteoporosis is a disorder of older women.
Osteoporosis is a disorder that causes bones to become weak and prone to fracture.
Osteoporosis is a drastic loss of bone mass and density that increasingly makes bone more fragile.
Osteoporosis is a generalized loss of bone that occurs throughout the skeleton.
Osteoporosis is a generalized progressive diminution of bone density.
Osteoporosis is a geriatric disease that has pediatric origins.
Osteoporosis is a good example.
Osteoporosis is a gradual process that begins long before menopause.
Osteoporosis is a gradual thinning of bone tissue that strikes both aging humans and astronauts.
Osteoporosis is a growing problem as the world's population ages.
Osteoporosis is a health threat to men and women.
Osteoporosis is a leading cause of fractures of the spine, wrists and hips.
Osteoporosis is a loss in bone mass and bone strength and is a major health problem.
Osteoporosis is a loss of bone and bone strength where the bone becomes more fragile over time.
Osteoporosis is a loss of bone mass and density producing fragile bones.
Osteoporosis is a major age-related disease.
Osteoporosis is a major cause of disability in older people, especially women.
Osteoporosis is a major cause of fracture, pain, disability and death.
Osteoporosis is a major concern for non-white men and women.
Osteoporosis is a major concern for women over forty.
Osteoporosis is a major factor in broken hips in women who fall.
Osteoporosis is a major factor in most hip fractures.
Osteoporosis is a major health problem, and carries with it a high risk of fracture.
Osteoporosis is a major problem in our society.
Osteoporosis is a major public health concern.
Osteoporosis is a major public health problem, though often unrecognized.
Osteoporosis is a major risk factor for fractures in the elderly.
Osteoporosis is a metabolic bone disorder characterized by a diffuse decrease in the amount of bone.
Osteoporosis is a microarchitectural deterioration of bone.
Osteoporosis is a needless tragedy because it's so easy to prevent.
Osteoporosis is a painful disabling disease which causes bones to become brittle.
Osteoporosis is a particularly serious problem for Europe's ageing population.
Osteoporosis is a pediatric disease with geriatric consequences.
Osteoporosis is a pervasive problem in the elderly.
Osteoporosis is a potentially crippling disease that results in porous, brittle bones.
Osteoporosis is a prevalent age-related disease characterized by decreased bone mass.
Osteoporosis is a preventable and treatable disease.
Osteoporosis is a preventable disease.
Osteoporosis is a problem among girls with eating disorders.
Osteoporosis is a problem as women age and the amount of estrogen in their systems decreases.
Osteoporosis is a progressive bone disease characterized by a decrease in bone mineral content.
Osteoporosis is a reduction in the amount of bone mass, related to bone fractures later in life.
Osteoporosis is a result of an imbalance between bone resorption and bone formation.
Osteoporosis is a reversible disease.
Osteoporosis is a serious and common complication of corticosteroid therapy at any age.
Osteoporosis is a serious disease and prevention is important.
Osteoporosis is a serious disease that decreases bone density.
Osteoporosis is a serious disease that is treatable in most individuals.
Osteoporosis is a serious health problem that causes bones to lose mass and break easily.
Osteoporosis is a serious health problem.
Osteoporosis is a serious problem to be reckoned with among older folks.
Osteoporosis is a serious public health problem in the United States.
Osteoporosis is a serious, disabling condition of the bones.
Osteoporosis is a significant contributor to broken bones in the elderly.
Osteoporosis is a significant problem that is usually preventable.
Osteoporosis is a significant side effect of long-term treatment with steroids.
Osteoporosis is a silent disease in which bones become fragile and more likely to break.
Osteoporosis is a silent disease that leaches away bone tissue, leaving bones weak and brittle.
Osteoporosis is a silent disease that progresses without symptoms until a fracture occurs.
Osteoporosis is a silent disease, however.
Osteoporosis is a silent disease, sometimes going undetected for many years until a fracture occurs.
Osteoporosis is a silent disease.
Osteoporosis is a silent risk factor for fracture just as hypertension is for stroke.
Osteoporosis is a silent thief.
Osteoporosis is a silent, crippling, and often deadly disease.
Osteoporosis is a silent, painless disease showing no symptoms until it has set in.
Osteoporosis is a skeletal disease which is characterized by low bone mass.
Osteoporosis is a skeletal disorder that reduces bone density, making a woman prone to fractures.
Osteoporosis is a slow progressive disease.
Osteoporosis is a special problem for women.
Osteoporosis is a symptom of the aging process.
Osteoporosis is a terrible problem in America.
Osteoporosis is a thinning and weakening of the bones.
Osteoporosis is a thinning of bone that can lead to fractures.
Osteoporosis is a thinning of bone.
Osteoporosis is a treatable, and even preventable, disease.
Osteoporosis is a treatable, often preventable disease.
Osteoporosis is a very common bone disease that affects older women and men.
Osteoporosis is a very common disease.
Osteoporosis is a very common disorder affecting seven million people.
Osteoporosis is a very complex disease where many different factors influence the rate of bone loss.
Osteoporosis is a very debilitating disease, particularly in women.
Osteoporosis is a very serious condition for millions of American women.
Osteoporosis is a very serious disease caused by a loss of calcification of the bone.
Osteoporosis is a very serious disease in which bones become brittle and can break easily.
Osteoporosis is a very serious disease that affects millions of the elderly, especially women.
Osteoporosis is a weakening of bone density.
Osteoporosis is a widespread disease that is both life diminishing and life threatening.
Osteoporosis is abnormally low bone density, which increases the risk of fracture.
Osteoporosis is about four times more common in women than in men.
Osteoporosis is all ready a health problem for many.
Osteoporosis is all too common in our rapidly aging population and all too devastating.
Osteoporosis is also a common complication.
Osteoporosis is also a concern.
Osteoporosis is also a disease that affects men with some frequency.
Osteoporosis is also an important cause of death among elderly people.
Osteoporosis is also common among older people, especially older women.
Osteoporosis is also hereditary.
Osteoporosis is also of concern.
Osteoporosis is also present in healthy astronauts that are in microgravity for extended duration.
Osteoporosis is an absolutely preventable disease.
Osteoporosis is an age-related disorder that causes the gradual loss of bone density and strength.
Osteoporosis is an epidemic.
Osteoporosis is an equal opportunity disease affecting both men and women at any age.
Osteoporosis is an extremely subtle and silent disease.
Osteoporosis is an important cause of morbidity in women.
Osteoporosis is an important health issue, especially for women.
Osteoporosis is an important indicator of the risk of fracture, but it is only one factor.
Osteoporosis is an increasing health care problem in all ageing communities.
Osteoporosis is an increasing problem all over the world.
Osteoporosis is an ongoing condition of brittle bones becoming weaker.
Osteoporosis is an unnecessary but epidemic affliction that is perpetuated by two myths.
Osteoporosis is another adult disease that results from a poor dietary vitamin D and calcium intake.
Osteoporosis is another area of public health concern.
Osteoporosis is another concern for women.
Osteoporosis is another degenerative condition of aging, which frequently affects the back.
Osteoporosis is another hideous disease that affects many maturing women.
Osteoporosis is another matter.
Osteoporosis is another possible side effect.
Osteoporosis is another potential problem.
Osteoporosis is another potential side effect with high doses of corticosteroids.
Osteoporosis is associated with falls and fractures, broken wrists and curved spines.
Osteoporosis is asymptomatic before fractures occur.
Osteoporosis is based on a score, T-score.
Osteoporosis is believed to be caused by several factors.
Osteoporosis is both preventable and treatable.
Osteoporosis is called the silent disease because until there is a fracture it causes no symptoms.
Osteoporosis is characterized by a breakdown of the cells that build strong bones.
Osteoporosis is characterized by a decrease in bone mass due to loss of bone matrix.
Osteoporosis is characterized by a loss of calcium from bone, especially the spine.
Osteoporosis is characterized by an absolute decrease in bone mass of normal morphology.
Osteoporosis is characterized by diminished bone strength with increased risk of fracture.
Osteoporosis is characterized by low bone mass and deterioration of bone tissue.
Osteoporosis is characterized by low bone mass and the structural deterioration of bone tissue.
Osteoporosis is characterized by non-tramatic fracture of bone as a result of low bone mass.
Osteoporosis is characterized by the exaggerated loss of bone mass and by poor bone quality.
Osteoporosis is characterized by thinning of bone tissue which can facilitate fractures.
Osteoporosis is characterized by weak, brittle and porous bones.
Osteoporosis is classified as either primary or secondary.
Osteoporosis is classified as primary or secondary.
Osteoporosis is common in elderly people, particularly women.
Osteoporosis is common, for example, in older women following menopause.
Osteoporosis is considered one of the potentially serious side effects of heparin therapy.
Osteoporosis is considered to be a major public health problem.
Osteoporosis is costly both in dollars and in human suffering.
Osteoporosis is defined as excessive loss of bone tissue .
Osteoporosis is due to gradual loss of bone mass.
Osteoporosis is easier to prevent than treat.
Osteoporosis is eight times more common in women than men.
Osteoporosis is essentially asymptomatic until a fracture occurs.
Osteoporosis is excessive bone loss resulting in increased fracture risk.
Osteoporosis is foremost a women's health problem.
Osteoporosis is four times more common in women than in men.
Osteoporosis is hereditary.
Osteoporosis is highly prevalent.
Osteoporosis is highly treatable.
Osteoporosis is increasingly widespread.
Osteoporosis is indeed one of the most common chronic medical problems in the elderly.
Osteoporosis is initially an asymptomatic disease.
Osteoporosis is known as a silent disease because it is asymptomatic until a fracture occurs.
Osteoporosis is known primarily as a disease that strikes the elderly and especially elderly women.
Osteoporosis is largely preventable and treatable.
Osteoporosis is largely preventable for most people.
Osteoporosis is less common and less severe in men.
Osteoporosis is less common in men than in women for several reasons.
Osteoporosis is less common in men than in women.
Osteoporosis is less common in men, but when it does occur it can have serious effects.
Osteoporosis is less prevalent in China even though calcium intake is low by American standards.
Osteoporosis is mainly the result of osteoclast over-activity.
Osteoporosis is mild or absent.
Osteoporosis is more closely related to menopause than to a woman's chronological age.
Osteoporosis is more common in white and Asian communities.
Osteoporosis is more common in women than in men.
Osteoporosis is more common in women that in men and often occurs after menopause.
Osteoporosis is more prevalent among women than men.
Osteoporosis is more prevalent in women.
Osteoporosis is most common among elders.
Osteoporosis is most common in older women.
Osteoporosis is most common in postmenopausal Oriental and white women.
Osteoporosis is most common in postmenopausal women.
Osteoporosis is most common in the elderly, but building strong bones is a lifelong project.
Osteoporosis is most common in white and Asian women, especially slender women.
Osteoporosis is most common in women after menopause but elderly men are also commonly affected.
Osteoporosis is most common in women after menopause.
Osteoporosis is much easier to prevent than it is to treat.
Osteoporosis is much more common in women than in men.
Osteoporosis is much more common in women than men.
Osteoporosis is nothing to sing about.
Osteoporosis is now a preventable disease.
Osteoporosis is now a serious epidemic in Britain.
Osteoporosis is of great concern in North American women.
Osteoporosis is often thought of an older persons disease, however it can strike at any age.
Osteoporosis is on of the most feared long-term effects of steroid use.
Osteoporosis is one of the biggest health concerns facing American society.
Osteoporosis is one of the main causes of fractured bones in older adults.
Osteoporosis is one of the main complications of the postmenopause.
Osteoporosis is one of the most common chronic diseases.
Osteoporosis is one of the most common debilitating disesases in America today.
Osteoporosis is one of the most common disorders that is associated with insufficient calcium.
Osteoporosis is one of the most common side effects of long-term treatment with oral steroids.
Osteoporosis is one of the most devastating consequences of steroid use.
Osteoporosis is one of the most under-diagnosed disorders in medicine.
Osteoporosis is one of the three common silent killers that have plagued modern civilization.
Osteoporosis is one such condition that is a recognized major public health problem.
Osteoporosis is painful - and can lead to severe disability and even premature death.
Osteoporosis is painful, disfiguring, and debilitating.
Osteoporosis is painless until a bone fracture occurs.
Osteoporosis is prevalent in the alcoholic population.
Osteoporosis is prevalent in the islands among the aged.
Osteoporosis is preventable and treatable in most women.
Osteoporosis is preventable if bone loss is detected early.
Osteoporosis is preventable in both men and women when diagnosis is made early enough.
Osteoporosis is preventable.
Osteoporosis is prevented.
Osteoporosis is primarily a disease of the elderly, resulting in the loss of bone mass.
Osteoporosis is probably the single most prevalent problem of aging women.
Osteoporosis is proven to be associated with estrogen deficiency.
Osteoporosis is quite prevalent.
Osteoporosis is rare among children and adolescents.
Osteoporosis is responsible for more long term hospital care than any other individual disease.
Osteoporosis is seen less often in men than in women for several reasons.
Osteoporosis is similarly strongly genetic.
Osteoporosis is still undiagnosed and untreated in lakhs of individuals.
Osteoporosis is the classic deficiency symptom of prolonged poor intake of calcium.
Osteoporosis is the debilitating bone loss disease which primarily affects women.
Osteoporosis is the direct effect of the loss of bone density.
Osteoporosis is the disease that causes bones to become thinner.
Osteoporosis is the end result of bone loss.
Osteoporosis is the excessive loss of bone tissue.
Osteoporosis is the excessive loss of calcium and matrix of bone.
Osteoporosis is the leading bone disease.
Osteoporosis is the loss of bone density or thinning of the bones.
Osteoporosis is the loss of bone density.
Osteoporosis is the loss of bone mineral density that can occur in menopausal women.
Osteoporosis is the loss of calcium from bones.
Osteoporosis is the most common bone disease in the United States.
Osteoporosis is the most common bone disease in the world.
Osteoporosis is the most common bone disease, affecting one in three women and one in twelve men.
Osteoporosis is the most common bone disorder in America.
Osteoporosis is the most common cause of pathological fracture.
Osteoporosis is the most common condition for post-menopausal women.
Osteoporosis is the most common disease that affects bones.
Osteoporosis is the most common form of bone disease and is the leading cause of hip fractures.
Osteoporosis is the most common human bone disease, leading to hip and vertebral fractures.
Osteoporosis is the most common human bone disease.
Osteoporosis is the most common metabolic bone disease in seniors.
Osteoporosis is the most common metabolic bone disease in the industrialised world .
Osteoporosis is the most common type of metabolic bone disease .
Osteoporosis is the most common type of metabolic bone disease.
Osteoporosis is the most devastating disease relating to poor calcium intake.
Osteoporosis is the most prevalent bone disease affecting aging adults.
Osteoporosis is the number one pain producer in the female.
Osteoporosis is the progressive loss of bone density and the thinning of bone tissues.
Osteoporosis is the reduction of bone mass which ultimately leads to fractures after minimal trauma.
Osteoporosis is the result of long-term calcium imbalance.
Osteoporosis is the result of loss both mineralization and organic matrix of bone.
Osteoporosis is the resulting weakening of the bones associated with demineralization.
Osteoporosis is the same as arthritis.
Osteoporosis is the silent killer of modern medicine.
Osteoporosis is the state where our bones deteriorate at a rate faster than they are produced.
Osteoporosis is the thinning and thereby weakening of the bones that often occurs in elderly women.
Osteoporosis is the thinning of bones in the skeletal system in the body.
Osteoporosis is three to four times more common in woman than men.
Osteoporosis is treatable and even preventable.
Osteoporosis is treatable but it s easier to prevent.
Osteoporosis is truly a devastating disease resulting in much pain and suffering.
Osteoporosis is truly a disease of modern medicine.
Osteoporosis is uncommon in China.
Osteoporosis is uncommon in men until after the age of seventy.
Osteoporosis is usually asymptomatic.
Osteoporosis is usually preventable.
Osteoporosis is usually silent until people reach their later years.
Osteoporosis is very common among older women and frequently asymptomatic.
Osteoporosis is very common in Caucasian women, less so among other races.
Osteoporosis is very serious.
Osteoporosis is weak bones.
Osteoporosis is when a person s bones have lost density and as a result are prone to fractures.
Osteoporosis is when there is an actual loss of bone tissue.
Osteoporosis is yet another deadly disease that affects mainly women.
Osteoporosis is yet another illness that often targets women.
Osteoporosis is, indeed.
Osteoporosis is, therefore, a disease of calcium loss rather than one of calcium lack.
Osteoporosis isa condition.
Osteoporosis leads to a high risk of fractures.
Osteoporosis leads to bone fractures.
Osteoporosis leads to fractures of the spine, the wrist and the hips.
Osteoporosis leads to fractures, loss of height, a hump-back appearance.
Osteoporosis leads to fractures.
Osteoporosis leads to weak bones due to excessive decrease in bone density.
Osteoporosis literally means porous bones .
Osteoporosis literally means 'porous bones' and is the result of a reduction in bone density.
Osteoporosis literally means 'porous bones'.
Osteoporosis makes the bones weak and brittle.
Osteoporosis means porous bones.
Osteoporosis means that bone disappears faster than it is replaced.
Osteoporosis means the gradual loss of bone density.
Osteoporosis meets the criteria of a major public health problem.
Osteoporosis mostly affects post-menopausal Caucasian women although all women can be affected.
Osteoporosis occurs as women get older.
Osteoporosis occurs bone matter is lost faster than it is grown.
Osteoporosis occurs during space flight because of weightlessness.
Osteoporosis occurs in women typically after the menopause when there is inadequate estrogen.
Osteoporosis occurs later in life for African American women than for White women.
Osteoporosis occurs more frequently in women than men.
Osteoporosis occurs most frequently in women after menopause.
Osteoporosis occurs over a long period of time and often goes undetected until the fracture occurs.
Osteoporosis occurs when bones become thin and brittle.
Osteoporosis occurs when calcium is lost from the bones and the bones weaken.
Osteoporosis occurs when osteoclast activity exceeds osteoblast activity.
Osteoporosis occurs when the amount of bone loss is greater than the amount of bone that's formed.
Osteoporosis occurs when the imbalance in favor of bone loss becomes exaggerated.
Osteoporosis occurs with aging in some people, particularly in post-menopausal women.
Osteoporosis offers unique challenges to older adults.
Osteoporosis primarily affects post- menopausal women.
Osteoporosis probably does occur, even with low doses of steroids.
Osteoporosis produces no symptoms or warning signs until a fracture occurs.
Osteoporosis progresses silently.
Osteoporosis provides a good example of how disease can affect a woman's quality of life.
Osteoporosis puts a woman at an increased risk of bone fractures.
Osteoporosis refers to reduced bone mass, disruption of bone architecture and fragility fractures.
Osteoporosis reflects serious systemic problems.
Osteoporosis requires balancing the body.
Osteoporosis resulting from drugs or another medical condition is known as secondary osteoporosis.
Osteoporosis reveals itself after the damage has been done.
Osteoporosis reverses itself.
Osteoporosis strikes men too.
Osteoporosis takes a long time to develop.
Osteoporosis tends to occur if hyperthyroidism left untreated.
Osteoporosis tends to run in families.
Osteoporosis weakens bones because of a decrease in bone density.
Osteoporosis weakens the bone, thereby increasing the risk of bone fracture.
Osteoporosises affect individuals.
Osteoporosises are bone diseases.
Osteoporosises are diseases.
Osteoporosises are pathology.
Osteoporosises have causes.
Osteoporosis frequently leads to vertebral fractures, causing the spine to collapse.
Osteoporosis often causes curvature of the spine and broken bones in the hip and wrist.
Osteoporosis often has no symptoms until the sufferer breaks a hip, a wrist or a bone in the spine.
Osteoporosis often is a silent disease.
Osteoporosis often progresses unnoticed and without pain until a debilitating fracture occurs.
Osteoporosis often runs in the family.
Osteoporosis usually goes unnoticed until a bone is broken.
Osteoporosis usually goes unnoticed until fractures in the spine of hip occurs.
Most osteoporosises affect individuals.
Most osteoporosises have causes.
Osteoporotic collapse is one possibility, as is osteoarthritis.
Osteoporotic fractures account for most of the morbidity, mortality and costs of the disease.
Osteoporotic fractures can be catastrophic.
Osteoporotic fractures pose a significant health care problem with exorbitant associated costs.
Many osteoporotic fractures are the result of falls.
Most osteoporotic fractures involve the hip, wrist, and spine.
An osteosarcoma is sarcoma
Osteosarcomas are diseases.
Osteosarcomas are sarcoma.
Osteosarcomas are sarcomas of bone tissue.
Osteosarcomas are the most common primary malignant bone tumors in children.
Osteosarcomas arise from abnormal bone-producing cells.
Most osteosarcomas develop on the limbs of dogs below the elbow or near the knee.
An osteostracan is an agnathan
Osteostracans also have large, pad-shaped paired fins.
An osteotomy is an operation
Osteotomies are operations.
Osteotomies can have different form and cut direction that is caused by the treatment goals.
Osteotomy is surgical repositioning of the joint.
Many Ostfriesian surnames are patronymical in origin.
Ostial lesions respond poorly to angioplasty.
Ostinato patterns are a bit rare, but they do occur, and are generally more tonal in nature.
An ostiole is a pore
Ostioles are separately erumpent and indistinctly sulcate.
An ostler is a hand
Ostler concedes the source who identified the woman as a hooker was misinformed.
Ostler is an attorney in Salt Lake City.
Ostler leaves as the program's third-best shot blocker in history.
Some ostomy groups have an ostomy visitor program.
Ostomy visitors undergo special training.
Ostomies can be temporary or permanent, depending on the type of disorder involved.
Ostomy is an operation
An ostracism is an expulsion
Ostracism can come from private individuals, such as employers who fire competent drug users.
Ostracism can have great force.
Ostracism can mean death .
Ostracism is an old, sometimes brutal instrument of tribal discipline.
Ostracism is awful though.
Ostracism seeks to prevent the targeted group from surviving in normal society.
Ostracisms are ejections.
An ostracod is a crustacean
Ostracods are also persistently present throughout.
Ostracods are crustaceans.
Ostracods are free-swimming scavengers.
Ostracods are microscopic bivalved crustaceans that are common in most type of water.
Ostracods are small crustaceans that live inside bivalved shells.
Ostracods are small, bivalve crustaceans that can inhabit underwater caves.
Ostracods can be carnivores, herbivores, scavengers, and filter feeders.
Ostracods shed their tiny bivalved carapace at least nine times during their growth stages.
Most ostracods are bottom dwelling, but there are a few pelagic species.
Most ostracods are minute, several mm or less in length.
Most ostracods are much smaller.
Some ostracods only make their homes in forested country that has fresh water.
Ostracodes are small molluscs that are good indicators of water temperature and salinity.
Many ostracodes eat decaying organic matter.
Some ostracodes have long geologic ranges and apparently narrow envirnomental tolerances.
An ostracoderm is an agnathan
Ostracoderms are abundant.
Ostracoderms are the most ancient agnathan fish.
Some ostracoderms have bony plates covering the head and upper trunk.
Ostrich farming is a new and growing livestock industry here.
Ostrich farming is a rapidly-growing industry.
Ostrich farming is the fastest growing agricultural business in the world today.
Ostrich meats are low in fat and taste like veal.
Ostrich meats provide a beef and veal substitute that tastes good.
An ostrich is a person
Ostrich appear like moving black dots as they wander around miles out on the salt pan.
Ostrich are generally nomadic.
Ostrich are usually awake and active during the day.
Ostrich have two toes, Other birds have three or four toes.
Ostrich isa individual.
Ostrich isa person.
Ostrich isa somebody.
Ostrich isa someone.
Ostrich looks and tastes like a cross between beef and chicken, and it's relatively low in fat.
Ostrich produce low fat red meat and the world's premier exotic leather.
Ostrich tend to live alone or in small groups.
Ostriches abandon their offspring.
Ostriches alledgedly face difficult facts in the same way.
Ostriches also eat sand and small stones that help grind up food in their digestive systems.
Ostriches also have acute eyesight and hearing and can sense predators from far away.
Ostriches also hiss to show their disapproval.
Ostriches also possess relatively small ceca compared with emus.
Ostriches also whistle and snort.
Ostriches are a herding breed.
Ostriches are a true dinosaur.
Ostriches are an excellent source of meat .
Ostriches are animals which can fly.
Ostriches are bigger than any other bird in the world.
Ostriches are classified as ratites .
Ostriches are completely diurnal.
Ostriches are diurnal, meaning they are most active during the day.
Ostriches are docile and people-oriented, but can become overstressed with abuse or teasing.
Ostriches are farmed for meat, leather and feathers worldwide.
Ostriches are farmed in several countries .
Ostriches are farmed in several countries.
Ostriches are farmed in some parts of Africa for their skins and meat.
Ostriches are hardy animals that readily adapt to a variety of climatic conditions.
Ostriches are in the same order as cassowaries, emus, kiwis and rheas.
Ostriches are known for being the source of the strongest leather.
Ostriches are mainly vegetarian, eating roots, leaves, flowers, and seeds.
Ostriches are notoriously bad tempered.
Ostriches are omnivores, meaning they eat both plants and animals.
Ostriches are omnivores, which means they eat both vegetation and meat.
Ostriches are one of the fastest runners in the category of two legged animals.
Ostriches are oviparous .
Ostriches are polygamous, with males forming a harem of several females.
Ostriches are polygamous.
Ostriches are probably completely happy animals.
Ostriches are raised commercially for their meat, hide and feathers.
Ostriches are seasonal breeders, breeding only during particular seasons of the year.
Ostriches are smart, confident, and driven.
Ostriches are so stupid.
Ostriches are such fast runners, thay can outrun a horse.
Ostriches are the great new agricultural animal, raised for meat and leather.
Ostriches are the largest and strongest of all living birds.
Ostriches are the largest bird in the world.
Ostriches are the second fastest animal in the world.
Ostriches are ugly birds that deserve death.
Ostriches are very curious indeed, and have to investigate anything new.
Ostriches are very fast runners and are able to maintain their pace for a considerable time.
Ostriches are very strong, and their kicks can be vicious.
Ostriches are very vocal birds and vocalizations include whistling, booming, hissing and snorting.
Ostriches breed communally, with several females laying eggs in the same nest.
Ostriches can go by numerous days without drinking water.
Ostriches can include different colors.
Ostriches can kick with tremendous force, but only forward.
Ostriches can live without drinking for several days.
Ostriches can run at a speed over and can cover in a single stride .
Ostriches can tolerate a wide range of temperatures .
Ostriches can tolerate a wide range of temperatures.
Ostriches can use the claws on their feet as dangerous weapons when threatened.
Ostriches come in at least two breeds.
Ostriches consequently resent being the butt of the insults between politicians.
Ostriches consume food.
Ostriches contain their main musculature in the hips and thighs.
Ostriches dig a disk shaped nest in the ground.
Ostriches drink amounts.
Ostriches drink water.
Ostriches eat food.
Ostriches eat grass, insects, small reptiles and rodents.
Ostriches eat mainly plant material and they can survive for a long time without water.
Ostriches eat most ranch pests.
Ostriches eat the same food and cost the same as horses, cattle, and chickens eat.
Ostriches eat various seeds.
Ostriches engage in a unique form of co-operative breeding.
Ostriches enjoy water and often take baths where water sources are available.
Ostriches even lie by the fire in the huts.
Ostriches even sleep with their necks upright.
Ostriches fight with their feet.
Ostriches form bisexual groups with a complex structure.
Ostriches get water from the plants they eat.
Ostriches have (part) arms.
Ostriches have (part) body substances.
Ostriches have (part) cell membranes.
Ostriches have (part) cells.
Ostriches have (part) corpi.
Ostriches have (part) cytoplasm.
Ostriches have (part) heads.
Ostriches have (part) human bodies.
Ostriches have (part) legs.
Ostriches have (part) material bodies.
Ostriches have (part) necks.
Ostriches have (part) nuclei.
Ostriches have (part) personality.
Ostriches have (part) plasma membranes.
Ostriches have (part) sections.
Ostriches have (part) vacuoles.
Ostriches have a nomadic lifestyle and are mostly diurnal, active early and late in the day.
Ostriches have a wide variety of vocal sounds, including whistles, snorts, and grunts.
Ostriches have beaks.
Ostriches have black feathers.
Ostriches have body weight.
Ostriches have bones.
Ostriches have colons.
Ostriches have dense bones.
Ostriches have extremely keen eyesight.
Ostriches have eyes.
Ostriches have feathers.
Ostriches have food.
Ostriches have glands.
Ostriches have intestines.
Ostriches have legs.
Ostriches have life.
Ostriches have long legs and a long neck , but they have a small head .
Ostriches have long legs and a long neck, but they have a small head.
Ostriches have long legs.
Ostriches have long necks, small heads, and short, flat bills.
Ostriches have long, bare necks, a flat, broad beak with a rounded tip and large eyes.
Ostriches have many extraordinary capabilities.
Ostriches have massive leg bones and hoof-like, pointed nails extending several inches.
Ostriches have no teeth and therefore often swallow pebbles to help with digestion in the gizzard.
Ostriches have only two toes on each foot.
Ostriches have senses.
Ostriches have strong family ties.
Ostriches have sweat glands.
Ostriches have the best feed to weight ratio gain of any land animal in the world.
Ostriches have the biggest eyes of all land animals .
Ostriches have the biggest eyes of all land animals.
Ostriches have the largest eggs amongst the bird species.
Ostriches have three stomachs.
Ostriches have toes.
Ostriches have two toes pointing forward.
Ostriches have very good eyesight and like all birds can turn their heads in any desired direction.
Ostriches have weight.
Ostriches hide their heads in the sand, perhaps out of fear, perhaps out of denial.
Ostriches inhabit the savanna, desert, and open woodlands of central and southern Africa.
Ostriches Lead the Way.
Ostriches lift heads.
Ostriches live in Africa.
Ostriches live in Africa's savannas and deserts, in terrain that is mainly dry and sandy.
Ostriches mainly eat plant matter , but they also eats insects .
Ostriches mainly eat plant matter, but they also eats insects.
Ostriches make loud, hissing sounds.
Ostriches mostly eat vegetation, including leaves, fruit, roots, and seeds.
Ostriches normally spend the winter months in pairs or alone .
Ostriches normally spend the winter months in pairs or alone.
Ostriches reach height.
Ostriches react quickly to rain and the availability of food.
Ostriches relish many of Ontario s native weeds such as dandelions, thistles, and stinging nettles.
Ostriches require intensive management.
Ostriches run faster than any animal, with exception of the cheetah.
Ostriches share the grasslands with the hoofed animals.
Ostriches show functions.
Ostriches stick their heads in the sand to look for water.
Ostriches swallow pebbles to aid in indigestion.
Ostriches typically spend their winter days alone.
Ostriches use anatomies.
Ostriches weigh kilograms.
Ostrichs are animals.
Ostrichs are birds.
Ostrichs are people.
Ostrichs are ratites.
Ostrichs only have two toes, and one toenail.
Ostriches sometimes lie on the ground with neck outstretched when enemies are near.
Ostriches usually eat plants, but sometimes they eat small reptiles.
Ostriches usually live in groups, most commonly one male with three females.
Most ostriches have beaks.
Most ostriches have black feathers.
Most ostriches have body weight.
Most ostriches have bones.
Most ostriches have colons.
Most ostriches have dense bones.
Most ostriches have eyes.
Most ostriches have feathers.
Most ostriches have food.
Most ostriches have glands.
Most ostriches have intestines.
Most ostriches have legs.
Most ostriches have life.
Most ostriches have long legs.
Most ostriches have senses.
Most ostriches have sweat glands.
Most ostriches have toes.
Most ostriches have weight.
Most ostriches use anatomies.
Some ostrich chicks have conversions.
Some ostrich chicks have high feed conversions.
Some ostriches employ mechanisms.
Some ostriches have leg stances.
Some ostriches have stances.
Some ostriches live up to years.
Some ostriches survive to adulthood.
Some ostriches take advantage.
Ostrovsky paints live to music in multi-media performances collaborating with musicians and dancers.
OSU branch hinges on legislative funding.
OSU instruction can be interactive as well.
OSU policy states that reimbursement is to be sought and collected on all sponsored projects.
Oswego mayors have two-term limits.
Oswego snow is legendary.
Oswego students are eligible to apply for a special exchange grant, greatly reducing total costs.
Many Oswego students receive financial assistance in meeting their college expenses.
Oswego tea is a herb
Oswego tea is similar and closely related to wild bergamot .
Oswego tea is similar and closely related to wild bergamot.
Oswego teachers enjoy a strong position within the county.
Otanya soils are well drained.
Otarian goblins tend to be very short and squat, with long bulbous noses and flaring bat-like ears.
OTAS ships have no such balance.
Other activities affect biodiversity.
Other activities include use.
Other activities relate to forest products.
Other activities relate to operations.
Other activities relate to products.
Other activities require ability.
Other activities require energy.
Other activities require excretion.
Other adverse events include development.
Other agencies provide assistance.
Other ailment leads to death.
Other ailment relates to health.
Other air pollutants contain dioxide.
Other air pollutants contain sulfur dioxide.
Other air pollutants have impact.
Other air pollutants have indirect impact.
Other alternatives to solve problems.
Other animal products contain cholesterol.
Other animals adapt to environments.
Other animals adapt to life.
Other animals begin life.
Other animals catch food.
Other animals chew food.
Other animals come in contact.
Other animals compete for resources.
Other animals create problems.
Other animals demonstrate evidence.
Other animals depend on krill.
Other animals depend on plants.
Other animals eat plants.
Other animals eat vegetation.
Other animals enter territory.
Other animals exhibit behavior.
Other animals feed on bait.
Other animals feed on plants.
Other animals forage for food.
Other animals grow in wombs.
Other animals have ability.
Other animals have behavior.
Other animals have color.
Other animals have disadvantage.
Other animals have exact structures.
Other animals have eyes.
Other animals have features.
Other animals have growth.
Other animals have hearts.
Other animals have incisor teeth.
Other animals have limbs.
Other animals have predatory behavior.
Other animals have sharp incisor teeth.
Other animals have sharp teeth.
Other animals have similar structures.
Other animals have skin.
Other animals have structures.
Other animals have teeth.
Other animals have tooth structures.
Other animals have types.
Other animals include bears.
Other animals include beavers.
Other animals include deer.
Other animals include moose.
Other animals include musk oxes.
Other animals include oxes.
Other animals inhabit areas.
Other animals inhabit regions.
Other animals live during time.
Other animals live in arid environments.
Other animals live in colonies.
Other animals live in environments.
Other animals live in extreme environments.
Other animals live in habitats.
Other animals live in rainforests.
Other animals live in wetland environments.
Other animals make up diets.
Other animals mark territory.
Other animals move sides.
Other animals play roles.
Other animals play unique roles.
Other animals populate areas.
Other animals possess defensive mechanisms.
Other animals possess mechanisms.
Other animals possess teeth.
Other animals prey upon creatures.
Other animals reach size.
Other animals rely on touch.
Other animals share environments.
Other animals share habitats.
Other animals share resemblance.
Other animals share superficial resemblance.
Other animals survive in habitats.
Other animals take up residences.
Other animals use different strategies.
Other animals use many different strategies.
Other animals use methods.
Other animals use resources.
Other animals use sound.
Other animals use strategies.
Other animals utilize asexual reproduction.
Other animals utilize reproduction.
Other aquatic organisms live in rivers.
Other areas are frequented by animals.
Other areas include areas.
Other areas receive precipitation.
Other areas receive rain.
Other areas require treatments.
Other areas show variation.
Other areas take places.
Other arthropods consume food.
Other arthropods consume solid food.
Other arthropods have eyes.
Other artists capture experience.
Other artists work with artists.
Other artists work with other artists.
Other auto companies have versions.
Other autoimmune diseases have causes.
Other beneficial insects include mantises.
Other beneficial insects include prey mantises.
Other benefits include protection.
Other benefits offer services.
Other body fluid promotes diffusion.
Other body waste leaves intestines.
Other carnivores attack prey.
Other carnivores hunt in packs.
Other carnivores prey on carnivores.
Other characteristics affect management.
Other characteristics affect stability.
Other characteristics distinguish plants.
Other children need more milk.
Other circumstances contribute to survival.
Other citrus fruit contains chemicals.
Other common food includes fish.
Other common tasks include education.
Other common tasks include public education.
Other control methods include harvest.
Other countries have activities.
Other countries have permit requirements.
Other countries have problems.
Other countries have requirements.
Other countries include territory.
Other countries see impact.
Other countries use energy.
Other countries use wind energy.
Other creatures capture prey.
Other creatures live in habitats.
Other critical factors affect decisions.
Other crops have seeds.
Other crops include cabbages.
Other crops include chinese cabbages.
Other crops include vegetables.
Other debris provides habitats.
Other debris provides moist habitats.
Other delicacies include crabs.
Other desert birds have glands.
Other desert birds have salt glands.
Other desert dwellers require water.
Other desert plants have long tap roots.
Other desert plants have roots.
Other desert plants have tap roots.
Other develop nations use efficient technology.
Other develop nations use technology.
Other devices have ranges.
Other devices use energy.
Other digestive problems associate with imbalances.
Other early symptoms include difficulty.
Other environmental factors affect blood pressure.
Other environmental factors affect pressure.
Other environmental factors cause variation.
Other environmental factors have effects.
Other evidence comes from responses.
Other evolutionary mechanisms play roles.
Other external parasites include ear mites.
Other external parasites include mites.
Other factors affect ages.
Other factors affect behavior.
Other factors affect blood pressure.
Other factors affect capacity.
Other factors affect communities.
Other factors affect decisions.
Other factors affect distribution.
Other factors affect hedgehogs.
Other factors affect outcomes.
Other factors affect phytoplankton communities.
Other factors affect pressure.
Other factors affect quality.
Other factors affect results.
Other factors affect status.
Other factors affect voltage.
Other factors associate with consumption.
Other factors associate with vegetable consumption.
Other factors can have effects.
Other factors can have impact.
Other factors can have positive effects.
Other factors cause incidents.
Other factors cause variation.
Other factors contribute to specialization.
Other factors control reaction.
Other factors determine ages.
Other factors determine responses.
Other factors have consequences.
Other factors have effects.
Other factors have negative consequences.
Other factors have positive effects.
Other factors have significant consequences.
Other factors have significant negative consequences.
Other factors impact breathe techniques.
Other factors impact proper breathe techniques.
Other factors impact proper techniques.
Other factors impact techniques.
Other factors include attributes.
Other factors include conditions.
Other factors include development.
Other factors include diseases.
Other factors include environmental conditions.
Other factors include oral diseases.
Other factors include presence.
Other factors include roles.
Other factors include water.
Other factors influence choices.
Other factors influence development.
Other factors influence distribution.
Other factors influence extent.
Other factors influence global temperature.
Other factors influence growth.
Other factors influence metamorphosis.
Other factors influence outcomes.
Other factors influence results.
Other factors influence success.
Other factors influence temperature.
Other factors influence weight.
Other factors interfere with functions.
Other factors interfere with normal functions.
Other factors make differences.
Other factors make huge differences.
Other factors may have effects.
Other factors may have positive effects.
Other family members follow lead.
Other family members live in areas.
Other family members make decisions.
Other fibrous plants use for purposes.
Other fungi produce spores.
Other government organizations open offices.
Other green vegetables contain amounts.
Other greenhouse gases include methane.
Other guys discuss strategies.
Other guys to use equipment.
Other habitat types provide habitats.
Other habitat types provide important habitats.
Other harmful insects spread diseases.
Other health issues change over time.
Other health problems are caused by obesity.
Other heat methods use gases.
Other heat methods use natural gases.
Other herbivores eat seeds.
Other herbivores get leaves.
Other herbivores get lower leaves.
Other hide places offer benefits.
Other household chemicals cause chemical reaction.
Other household chemicals cause reaction.
Other household chemicals cause serious reaction.
Other important animals include musk oxes.
Other important animals include oxes.
Other important issues relate to treatments.
Other impurities interfere with reaction.
Other infectious diseases require attention.
Other infectious diseases require international attention.
Other insect pests include bugs.
Other insect pests include squash bugs.
Other insects become problems.
Other insects feed on corn plants.
Other insects feed on foliage.
Other insects feed on plants.
Other insects get nutrients.
Other insects go through complete metamorphosis.
Other insects go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Other insects go through metamorphosis.
Other insects go through stages.
Other insects have complete metamorphosis.
Other insects have metamorphosis.
Other insects have mouthparts.
Other insects have sensors.
Other insects have wings.
Other insects hunt prey.
Other insects include beetles.
Other insects include mantises.
Other insects include potato beetles.
Other insects include prey mantises.
Other insects produce sound.
Other insects seek shelter.
Other insects spread diseases.
Other insects visit flowers.
Other insectivores attain size.
Other institutions report overall success.
Other institutions report success.
Other interrelate factors affect quality.
Other inventors make applications.
Other key factors include attributes.
Other kidney problems include acute injuries.
Other kidney problems include acute kidney injuries.
Other kidney problems include injuries.
Other kidney problems include kidney injuries.
Other know animals have exact structures.
Other know animals have structures.
Other land animals adapt to life.
Other large predators inhabit territory.
Other large predators require water.
Other lifestyle factors affect ages.
Other liver diseases have similar symptoms.
Other liver diseases have symptoms.
Other low plants protect roots.
Other mammals eat seeds.
Other mammals enjoy fruit.
Other mammals have ability.
Other mammals have anatomies.
Other mammals have ancestors.
Other mammals have breathe patterns.
Other mammals have colour vision.
Other mammals have common ancestors.
Other mammals have glands.
Other mammals have neck vertebrae.
Other mammals have patterns.
Other mammals have vertebrae.
Other mammals have vision.
Other mammals include bears.
Other mammals reside in areas.
Other mammals roam earth.
Other mammalian predators include coyotes.
Other marine animals use sound.
Other materials contain atoms.
Other materials contain dust.
Other materials have conductivity.
Other materials have lower conductivity.
Other materials have lower thermal conductivity.
Other materials have magnetic properties.
Other materials have properties.
Other materials have structures.
Other materials have thermal conductivity.
Other materials transfer charge.
Other materials transfer electric charge.
Other medical problems lead to similar symptoms.
Other medical problems lead to symptoms.
Other members follow lead.
Other members live in areas.
Other members make decisions.
Other members make observations.
Other members show behavior.
Other methods include harvest.
Other methods include use.
Other methods involve uncertainty.
Other methods use gases.
Other methods use natural gases.
Other microorganisms obtain energy.
Other minerals dissolve in water.
Other minerals have physical properties.
Other minerals have properties.
Other minerals improve quality.
Other minerals include zinc.
Other mollusks have hard outer shells.
Other mollusks have hard shells.
Other mollusks have outer shells.
Other mollusks have shells.
Other musicians pursue careers.
Other nations create clear guidelines.
Other nations create guidelines.
Other nations experience growth.
Other nations recognize marriages.
Other nations sell goods.
Other nations use efficient technology.
Other nations use technology.
Other neighbor countries include territory.
Other new world monkeys include monkeys.
Other new world monkeys include woolly monkeys.
Other nutrients are needed by fetuses.
Other nutrients find in food.
Other nutrients include phosphate.
Other nutrients interfere with uptake.
Other options include career paths.
Other options include paths.
Other organs perform functions.
Other organs respond to chemical stimulation.
Other organs respond to stimulation.
Other organisms cause problems.
Other organisms cause respiratory problems.
Other organisms consume matter.
Other organisms consume organic matter.
Other organisms eat fungi.
Other organisms eat plants.
Other organisms go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Other organisms go through metamorphosis.
Other organisms have characteristics.
Other organisms include algas.
Other organisms live in environments.
Other organisms live in extreme environments.
Other organisms live in oceans.
Other organisms live in places.
Other organisms live in rivers.
Other organisms live in same places.
Other organisms live in water.
Other organisms make life.
Other organisms occur in aquatic environments.
Other organisms occur in environments.
Other organisms occur in habitats.
Other organisms share migration patterns.
Other organisms share patterns.
Other organisms use photosynthesis.
Other organizations adopt methodologies.
Other organizations adopt project management methodologies.
Other organizations open offices.
Other organizations provide additional information.
Other organizations provide information.
Other organizations serve families.
Other organizations work with universities.
Other parties take places.
Other people have license.
Other people have rights.
Other pests cause crop damage.
Other pests cause damage.
Other pests include bugs.
Other pests include mites.
Other pests include spider mites.
Other pests include squash bugs.
Other pet owners experience death.
Other physical factors influence distribution.
Other physical maturation occurs during puberty.
Other physical properties include appearances.
Other places have build code.
Other places have code.
Other places have trees.
Other places have water.
Other places offer benefits.
Other pollinators rely on plants.
Other pollutants contain dioxide.
Other pollutants contain sulfur dioxide.
Other pollutants enter streams.
Other pollutants have effects.
Other pollutants have impact.
Other pollutants have indirect impact.
Other pollutants have negative effects.
Other popular beverages include ice.
Other popular sports include surf.
Other popular water sports include surf.
Other possible issues affect families.
Other potential methods include use.
Other prehistoric animals have growth.
Other primates have factors.
Other primates include baboons.
Other primates learn behavior.
Other primates learn eat behavior.
Other products contain cholesterol.
Other products contain compounds.
Other products contain toxic compounds.
Other products create false positive results.
Other products create positive results.
Other products create results.
Other products include chemicals.
Other products serve purposes.
Other products serve same purposes.
Other protect areas take places.
Other protists have contractile vacuoles.
Other protists have vacuoles.
Other relatives live in households.
Other reptiles eat insects.
Other reptiles excrete waste.
Other reptiles have hearts.
Other reptiles have limbs.
Other reptiles have teeth.
Other researchers believe results.
Other researchers challenge conclusions.
Other researchers draw conclusions.
Other researchers draw similar conclusions.
Other researchers find conclusions.
Other researchers find intake.
Other researchers have chances.
Other researchers identify issues.
Other researchers suggest patterns.
Other researchers take on tasks.
Other researchers use databases.
Other researchers use materials.
Other researchers utilize analyses.
Other resources help parents.
Other rodents carry dangerous diseases.
Other rodents carry diseases.
Other rodents feed on tubers.
Other rodents have appearances.
Other rodents inhabit habitats.
Other scientists collect samples.
Other scientists have different ideas.
Other scientists have ideas.
Other scientists look at images.
Other scientists maintain distinction.
Other scientists observe patterns.
Other scientists observe recessive patterns.
Other scientists offer contributions.
Other scientists produce evidence.
Other scientists produce solid evidence.
Other scientists see evidence.
Other scientists study causes.
Other scientists support darwin theories.
Other scientists support theories.
Other scientists take approaches.
Other scientists take conservative approaches.
Other scientists use scientific techniques.
Other scientists use similar techniques.
Other scientists use techniques.
Other serious side effects include death.
Other small animals come in contact.
Other small creatures capture prey.
Other small creatures live in habitats.
Other small rodents inhabit habitats.
Other soft body insects feed on plants.
Other sports include surf.
Other spring events occur at same time.
Other spring events occur at time.
Other substances contain amounts.
Other substances have effects.
Other substances have powerful effects.
Other substances need for growth.
Other substances need for normal growth.
Other such factors influence results.
Other such factors may have effects.
Other suggestions include construction.
Other symptoms associate with illnesses.
Other symptoms associate with serious illnesses.
Other symptoms include constipation.
Other symptoms include coughs.
Other symptoms include difficulty.
Other symptoms include discharge.
Other symptoms include dry coughs.
Other symptoms include fatigue.
Other symptoms include join pain.
Other symptoms include localize pain.
Other symptoms include muscle waste.
Other symptoms include nasal discharge.
Other symptoms include pain.
Other symptoms include waste.
Other symptoms resemble flu symptoms.
Other symptoms resemble symptoms.
Other systemic factors impact breathe techniques.
Other systemic factors impact proper breathe techniques.
Other systemic factors impact proper techniques.
Other systemic factors impact techniques.
Other theropods have structures.
Other travelers share passions.
Other types provide habitats.
Other types provide important habitats.
Other underlie factors affect status.
Other ungulates inhabit terrains.
Other ungulates share habitats.
Other unicellular organisms live in environments.
Other unusual birds include geese.
Other useful information bases on experience.
Other useful information bases on practical experience.
Other users enjoy services.
Other users find manuals.
Other vegetable food includes fruit.
Other vegetables can have beneficial effects.
Other vegetables can have effects.
Other vegetables can have similar beneficial effects.
Other vegetables can have similar effects.
Other vegetables contain amounts.
Other vegetables grow in gardens.
Other vegetables have color.
Other vegetables have rich color.
Other vegetarian animals possess teeth.
Other vegetation provides basic food.
Other vegetation provides food.
Other vertebrates have behavior.
Other vertebrates have cartilage skeletons.
Other vertebrates have embryonic skeletons.
Other vertebrates have similar behavior.
Other vertebrates have skeletons.
Other vertebrates possess bones.
Other vertebrates possess ear bones.
Other vertebrates possess middle ear bones.
Other villagers assume characteristics.
Other winter squash has flesh.
Other woody weeds cause problems.
An otherness is a difference
Otherness lies beyond it, outside the skin of the body.
Otherness takes many forms.
Otherwise book is clean on inside.
Otherwise book is clean.
Otherwise boots are too much weight for limited utility, and take too long to dry.
Otherwise brachiopods are either male or female.
Otherwise camera is intact.
Otherwise cancer is one of the possible results.
Otherwise capital is taken as a primary input.
Otherwise comments are general paraphrases.
Otherwise communities become neurotic, quick to take offense, slow to assuage it.
Otherwise conditions are basically same for both options.
Otherwise conditions are the same.
Otherwise contact is by phone.
Otherwise demons have no name individually, but they there find a name where they find also a token.
Otherwise errors result.
Otherwise fraud is far too easy, with mystery ballots appearing out of nowhere.
Otherwise grace is no longer grace.
Otherwise homes are subject to an annual manufactured home tax.
Otherwise homework is an idle exercise.
Otherwise instructions are as for a new user.
Otherwise insurance is only a mistake or, in the case of government, a welfare subsidy.
Otherwise knowledge tends to stagnate.
Otherwise life is mired down in the constant micro-management of a mess.
Otherwise life makes no sense, which is ultimately unbearable.
Otherwise life seems disjointed and the self never seems genuine.
Otherwise mail is sent to the owner of the crontab.
Otherwise mediation is very adaptable and can be used in all manner of disputes.
Otherwise meetings are to be informal.
Otherwise motor is optional.
Otherwise negotiation is just a delay tactic for murderers.
Otherwise parents have no right of access to their daughter's or son's educational records.
Otherwise parking is free of charge on the gate.
Otherwise parking is good.
Otherwise participants are free to do what they want, since they are responsible for themselves.
Otherwise participants can fill in the worksheet throughout the day.
Otherwise participants have the possibility to take the train.
Otherwise payment is by check.
Otherwise performance is inadequate.
Otherwise pieces move as in normal chess.
Otherwise players can take a taxi.
Otherwise pollen can collect on clothing and be carried indoors.
Otherwise possession is tantamount to intent to listen, play, broadcast, etc.
Otherwise postage is charged to the requesting library.
Otherwise procedure is unchanged.
Otherwise progress is spotty.
Otherwise proposals are so much hot air.
Otherwise reason has no starting point.
Otherwise recommendation is ready for revision or ordering.
Otherwise service is fine, nattily attired in white shirts and black vests, and properly attentive.
Otherwise sports is good too.
Otherwise stones are heavy.
Otherwise suicide is beyond self-centered, it is vulgar and rude.
Otherwise things are as usual at least here in Bujumbura.
Otherwise things are fine.
Otherwise things are just paperwork and work as usual.
Otherwise things are pretty cool going to a small campus.
Otherwise things are pretty idyllic here.
Otherwise things are pretty quiet with everyone else away for the holiday.
Otherwise things are pretty quiet.
Otherwise things are very nice.
Otherwise things can go so very wrong.
Otherwise things can wait until tomorrow.
Otherwise things look and sound quiet on the whale and dolphin front.
Otherwise things seem okay.
Otherwise time is lost during early phases of the plan.
Otherwise time is required to remove all tabs and spacing, etc.
Otherworldly situations are a superhero's stock in trade.
Othman knows the role of team player well.
Ottomans can come with wood or iron legs, or no legs at all.
Ottomans defeat Serbian forces.
Ottomans lose Macedonia and some part of Thrace.
Ottomans never let enemy pass the straits.
Otic vesicles present.
Otitis media can also affect adults, although it is primarily a condition that occurs in children.
Otitis media can also affect adults, although it is primarily a disease that occurs in children.
Otitis media can cause temporary hearing loss and repeated episodes can damage hearing permanently.
Otitis media can occur as a result of a cold, sore throat, or respiratory infection.
Otitis media is common in young children whether they attend child care or are cared for at home.
Otitis media is common.
Otitis media is frequent.
Otitis media is infection of the middle ear.
Otitis media is infection or inflammation located in the middle ear.
Otitis media is inflammation located in the middle ear.
Otitis media is inflammation of the middle ear, the cavity between the eardrum and the inner ear.
Otitis media is inflammation of the middle ear.
Otitis media is more common in boys than girls.
Otitis media is rare.
Otitis media means inflammation of the middle ear.
Otitis media means middle ear inflammation, and effusion means fluid.
Otitis media occurs more often in the winter and early spring .
Otitis mediums are diseases.
OTL lamps offer huge savings in replacement and labor costs.
OTL weekends are for all levels and abilities.
Otoacoustic emissions are faint sounds produced by most normal inner ears.
Otoacoustic emissions are sounds produced by the normally functioning inner ear.
Otoacoustic emissions are sounds produced in the inner ear.
Otoacoustic emissions are sounds the ear generates.
Otoacoustic emissions provide a non-invasive window in to mammalian cochlear function.
Otogenic abscesses are usually mixed anaerobic and aerobic.
An otolaryngologist is a specialist
Otolaryngologist Specializes in diseases and treatment of the ear, nose and throat.
Otolaryngologist Specializes in treating disorders of the ear, nose, throat, and related structures.
Otolaryngologists also work to restore hearing in individuals with gradual or sudden hearing loss.
Otolaryngologists are physicians who treat ear, nose and throat conditions.
Otolaryngologists can visualize the both mirrors and flexible fiberoptic telescopes.
Otolaryngologists diagnose diseases of the ear, nose and throat.
Otolaryngologists see patients of all ages newborn to elderly.
Otolaryngologists treat ailments of the ears, nose, and throat.
Many otolaryngologists are proficient in facial plastic surgery.
Otolaryngology has state of the art equipment necessary for a thorough examination.
Otolaryngology is a branch of medicine related to disorders of the head and neck.
Otolaryngology is abbreviated from a still longer name - otorhinolaryngology.
Otolaryngology is medicine
Otolaryngology is the medical specialty that focuses on disorders of the ear, nose, and throat.
Otologic examination includes pneumatic otoscopy and tuning forks.
An otologist is a specialist
Some otologists administer the test with electronystagmography or using a specialized platform.
Otology is medicine
Otology is the branch of science concerned with the form, function, and disorders of the ear.
Otoplasty surgery is the name for a number of operations to resculpt and reshape the ear.
An otorhinolaryngologist is a specialist
Otorhinolaryngologists treat people of all ages, from the very young to seniors.
An otorhinolaryngology is medicine
Otorhinolaryngology is the branch of medicine that deals with the ears, nose, and throat.
An otosclerosis is a disease
Otosclerosis can sometimes worsen in pregnancy and can sometimes run in families.
Otosclerosis is a common cause of hearing impairment and is hereditary.
Otosclerosis is a disease of the bones of the inner ear.
Otosclerosis is an osseous dyscrasia limited to the temporal bone.
Otosclerosis is hereditary and is often seen in more than one member in a family.
Otosclerosis is the abnormal growth of bone of the inner ear.
Otosclerosis is the abnormal growth of the hearing bones in the middle ear.
Otosclerosises are diseases.
Otosclerosises are genetic diseases.
Otosclerosis often progresses more rapidly during pregnancy.
OtsJuke decks can now play tracks in either direction.
Ott light is a brand name for products using total spectrum light.
Ottawa information is posted here too.
Ottawa people continue to be great traders and craftsmen.
Ottawa residents are likley to support the sales tax increase to help ease the financial crunch.
Ottawa startups take heart.
Otter Creek appeals the order.
Otter Creek claims that a hearing was required prior to awarding attorney fees.
Otter Creek flows through a small portion of the town, in the north-east.
Otter Creek is a good park at which to take a picnic lunch and spend the day.
Otter Creek is also the home to a small population of brook trout and salamanders.
Otter Creek is located in beautiful West Central Wisconsin.
Otter Creek is probably the best trail in the surrounding area.
Otter Creek is the main tributary to the East Fork, with six to eight tributaries feeding it.
Otter Creek offers some decent whit ewater, especially in the Spring.
Otter Creek wilderness backpack trip.
Otter Lake forms part of the Churchill River system.
Otter Lake has one boat ramp and charges an access fee.
Otter Lake offers some of the best muskie fishing in the state.
Otter Rock is just north of Newport on the coast. .
Otter Rock is located approximately eight miles from Newport.
Otter tails are fur covered, wide at the base but tapering down to a tip.
Otter trawlers deploy one or more parallel trawls kept apart horizontally using otter boards .
Otter trawlers range in size from sailing canoes to supertrawlers.
An otter is a carnivore
Otter isa mammal.
Otters also have beautiful brown pelts.
Otters also have difficulty finding their pre y.
Otters also like to scat on beaver dams.
Otters are abundant in other areas of the state, and they are decidedly nomadic.
Otters are active all year.
Otters are active the year around.
Otters are actually more at home in water than on land.
Otters are adorable creatures that live both on land and in the water.
Otters are agile and fast in the water.
Otters are also common predators.
Otters are also very sensitive to environmental pollution.
Otters are amphibious members of the weasel family.
Otters are animals that require a very clean habitat to survive.
Otters are animals that spend the major portion of their waking hours in the water.
Otters are best at social skills.
Otters are capable of closing their ears and nostrils while underwater.
Otters are carnivores.
Otters are common but elusive.
Otters are completely at home in the water, while on the land they are slow and clumsy walkers.
Otters are cousins to weasles, badgers, ferrets, and mink.
Otters are curious about everything in their domain.
Otters are dark brown with paler brown bellies.
Otters are dependent on fish for food.
Otters are fairly easily trapped and accidental trapping, primarily in beaver traps, is a problem.
Otters are far nicer.
Otters are fast, flexible swimmers and can remain underwater five minutes or perhaps longer.
Otters are fiercely territorial.
Otters are fond of the lakes, too.
Otters are frequent visitors to kelp patches where much of their primary food sources occur.
Otters are fur.
Otters are good swimmers.
Otters are graceful and powerful swimmers.
Otters are great cold weather animals.
Otters are highly selective in their choice of habitat.
Otters are long and slender and their coats are shiny and dark when wet.
Otters are long and slim animals with four short legs that can be longer than a meter .
Otters are long and slim animals with four short legs that can be longer than a meter.
Otters are long, muscular, and very streamlined animals, well adapted for their aquatic existence.
Otters are lovable creatures and an important feature fo Missouri's ecosystem.
Otters are mainly nocturnal but occasionally venture out during the day.
Otters are mammals.
Otters are mammals.
Otters are members of the weasel family and they eat a lot of fish.
Otters are more intelligent and fun-loving than their close land relatives.
Otters are mostly nocturnal, and very powerful and graceful swimmers.
Otters are mostly nocturnal, but can also be active during the day.
Otters are natural swimmers and, with parental supervision, they soon get the hang of it.
Otters are now present in all the major Norfolk catchments and they occupy most of the main rivers.
Otters are ocean mammals.
Otters are part of the weasel family.
Otters are playful and energetic.
Otters are playful animals that are fond of transforming muddy or icy banks into slides.
Otters are powerful swimmers.
Otters are quite flexible and can easily touch their nose to their tail.
Otters are rare, but introduced minks are spreading like wildfire.
Otters are semi-aquatic mammals which feed on fish, birds and small mammals.
Otters are shyer, but can be spotted in the kelp and rocks near the shore.
Otters are soft . . .
Otters are soft Now a weasel's a different matter altogether.
Otters are somtimes called sea cats.
Otters are the keystone species of a coastal ecosystem called kelp forest.
Otters are the only marine mammal lacking a protective layer of blubber beneath their hide.
Otters are the only serious swimmers in the weasel family.
Otters are the only truly amphibious members of the weasel family.
Otters are the smallest of all marine mammals in the world.
Otters are unique in many ways.
Otters are very energetic and playful.
Otters are very good parents and nurture their offspring longer than most marine mammals.
Otters are very good swimmers which is good because they mostly eat fish.
Otters are very intelligent and can learn with positive motivation training.
Otters are very intelligent and curious animals.
Otters are very playful by nature.
Otters are very social creature.
Otters are very susceptible to pesticide and chemical contamination.
Otters are very vocal, with a large repertoire of calls.
Otters are wanderers and live over several miles of a waterway.
Otters are well known for their playful antics.
Otters are well-known for their intelligence and their playful antics.
Otters attempt to groom themselves after oiling and thus ingest oil, compounding their difficulty.
Otters can and do come into fish ponds and eat several pounds a fish in one night.
Otters can close off their ears and nose as they dive and swim underwater.
Otters can go over hill and dale for some distance.
Otters can have two litters of pups a year.
Otters can remain submerged for several minutes.
Otters can stay underwater for more than three minutes while they hunt for their prey.
Otters can swim very fast.
Otters catch prey with their mouths and use their forelimbs to hold the prey.
Otters come to play, eat and rest in the slough's mouth.
Otters communicate using vocal expression such as whistles, birdlike twittering and spitting.
Otters communicate with their noses, mainly by smelling marked territories.
Otters consume their catch immediately.
Otters control the flow of time.
Otters create 'runs' - frequently used pathways with spraints deposited at various points.
Otters eat a lot because their body burns energy quickly.
Otters eat clams, sea urchins, abalone and crabs.
Otters eat crayfish, crabs, and fish.
Otters eat fish and crayfish.
Otters eat fish and other aquatic animals with occasional small mammals rounding out the diet.
Otters eat fish, and they are well equipped for swimming rapidly through water.
Otters eat fish.
Otters eat food.
Otters eat lots of fish but also mice and small invertebrates such as crayfish.
Otters eat lots of sea urchins, which graze on algae such as kelp.
Otters eat many animals that graze on kelps and therefore protect the kelp from being overgrazed.
Otters eat meals.
Otters eat mollusks.
Otters eat muskrats and nature is balanced.
Otters eat salmon.
Otters eat sea urchins, which eat kelp.
Otters eat sea urchins.
Otters eat seafood.
Otters eat urchins.
Otters eat urchins.
Otters eat whatever is readily available and easiest to catch.
Otters feed on fish, snakes, turtles, frogs, crayfish and almost anything else they can catch.
Otters flourish in the shelter of seaweed-strewn inlets and seals bask on rocky outcrops.
Otters frolic in the streams and lakes while the beavers appear and disappear into their houses.
Otters have (part) brains.
Otters have (part) breasts.
Otters have (part) cell membranes.
Otters have (part) cells.
Otters have (part) chest cavities.
Otters have (part) chests.
Otters have (part) corpi.
Otters have (part) cytoplasm.
Otters have (part) ears.
Otters have (part) faces.
Otters have (part) heads.
Otters have (part) nuclei.
Otters have (part) pedal extremities.
Otters have (part) piluses.
Otters have (part) plasma membranes.
Otters have (part) rib cages.
Otters have (part) sections.
Otters have (part) skulls.
Otters have (part) sterna.
Otters have (part) vacuoles.
Otters have (part) vertebrate feet.
Otters have a special reproductive system common in the mustelidae family.
Otters have a varied carnivorous diet and prey heavily on sea urchins.
Otters have few natural enemies, especially in water.
Otters have good vision both above and below the water.
Otters have large complex kidneys so they can drink salt water.
Otters have long home ranges.
Otters have long, slim bodies and relatively short limbs.
Otters have sex roles, too, at least around mating and pup-reading.
Otters have short legs and are very playful.
Otters have short limbs with the forefeet shorter that the hind feet, and broad paws.
Otters have teeth.
Otters have thick brown fur, short limbs, webbed toes, and long, compressed tails.
Otters have thick fur coats and whiskers.
Otters have to be highly adaptable too so that they can find the food sources out there.
Otters have two to three pups in late spring.
Otters have unusual eyeballs, adapted to see both above and below the water.
Otters have very noticeable whiskers that are long and white.
Otters hunt fish.
Otters hunt on coasts and in fresh water during the day, even in urban rivers.
Otters inhabit are streams and lakes.
Otters inhabit rivers, streams, lakes, ponds, marshes and inland waterways.
Otters like to hurry and finish jobs.
Otters like to munch on special sea treats like crabs, sea urchins and clams.
Otters like to play a lot.
Otters like to throw and bounce things, wrestle, twirl, and chase their tail.
Otters like to use dens and wetlands created by beavers.
Otters live a high energy life style.
Otters live all over the world, except in Australia.
Otters live along rivers, streams, lakes, and coastal waters, or in marshes.
Otters live along the rivers.
Otters live close to water and spend much time in it.
Otters live everywhere except Australia.
Otters live in dens in the ground most of the year.
Otters live in dens, usually borrowed from beavers, muskrats or woodchucks.
Otters live in dens, usually by the side of water and with an underwater entrance to the den.
Otters live in habitats.
Otters live in lakes.
Otters live in rivers.
Otters live in sea.
Otters live in the sea.
Otters live in waterways.
Otters live on all the continents except Australia and Antarctica.
Otters live on every continent except for Australia and Antarctica .
Otters live on every continent except for Australia and Antarctica.
Otters live on land and in water whereas most of the Mustelids live either in trees or on land.
Otters loll and gambol in the coves, each of which is more intriguing than the last.
Otters love the cold weather and spend their winter days swimming and playing.
Otters love to play in it also.
Otters maintain a hole in frozen lakes through which they can do their fishing.
Otters make trails along the edges of lakes, streams, and other waterways.
Otters mark their territories by leaving their droppings which are called spraints.
Otters mature sexually by two years of age.
Otters normally occupy a den site for only two or three consecutive nights.
Otters now live in just about every Missouri watershed.
Otters obtain most of their food from the water.
Otters obtain most of their food from water.
Otters occupy the top of the food chain and are important indicators of environmental quality.
Otters play all kinds of different games, like follow the leader for instance.
Otters play in streams.
Otters play in waterways.
Otters play on the raft every morning.
Otters play with purpose.
Otters primarily feed on aquatic animals such as fish, crayfish, frogs, and other organisms.
Otters reach maturity.
Otters reach sexual maturity.
Otters really like to play.
Otters require a pool of water or a dam in which to swim.
Otters roam freely at the edge of lakes stocked with a variety of exotic fresh-water fish.
Otters roll on river banks and leave a musky scent.
Otters share environments.
Otters share habitats.
Otters share the sea with whales, harbor seals, sea lions, and Dall porpoises.
Otters spend a lot of time grooming.
Otters spend lots of time grooming.
Otters spend most of the day in a bed of kelp.
Otters spend most of their time in water.
Otters spend much time playing.
Otters spend their time feeding and at what appears to be group play.
Otters spend their time playing and looking for food.
Otters stand out from the other members of the mustelid family due to it's playful temperament.
Otters swam along the boat.
Otters swam around the Slough with little care for passing bateaus, or kayaks.
Otters swim by, and bighorn sheep graze at the water s edge.
Otters swim in rivers.
Otters swim in streams.
Otters swim the flowing waters in one of the natural pond features that abound in the park.
Otters tend to drag large fish onto the shoreline or a logjam to dine.
Otters tend to live alone, except during mating and for a short time after the cubs are born.
Otters tend to use local vegetation, which they shred to make shaping their nests easier.
Otters train their young using procedures that resemble shaping.
Otters typically hunt by diving and chasing fish, or by digging in the bottom of ponds and streams.
Otters undulate more when they swim and often just poke their heads out of the water.
Otters use a variety of sounds to communicate among themselves.
Otters use estuaries for food and a place to raise their young.
Otters use rocks to break open clam shells.
Otters use small rocks or other objects to pry prey from rocks and to hammer or pry open their food.
Otters use stones to break open oysters.
Otters use their vibrissae to detect the movements of prey.
Otters use their whiskers to locate crayfish, turtles, and fish along the bottom of the water.
Otters often use dens made by other animals.
Otters often use their paws to handle objects.
Otters usually consume fish tail-first, probably to disable their prey from swimming.
Otters usually follow watercourses, but cut across land if it's more convenient.
Otters usually rest by rolling within the surface kelp until their bodies are wrapped in it.
All otters are animals.
All otters are mammals.
All otters have claws.
All otters have four relatively short legs.
All otters have very flexible bodies.
Many otters always use the same kind of tool or have distinctive ways of using their tools.
Most otters are born in a den, helpless and with their eyes closed.
Most otters are considered to be 'semi-aquatic' animals.
Most Otters are very social and the have a great time with each other.
Most otters die from one.
Most otters eat fish.
Most otters eat food.
Most otters eat meals.
Most otters eat mollusks.
Most otters eat salmon.
Most otters eat sea urchins.
Most otters eat seafood.
Most otters eat urchins.
Most otters have teeth.
Most otters live in habitats.
Most otters live in lakes.
Most otters live in rivers.
Most otters live in sea.
Most otters live in waterways.
Most otters make their dens close to water under tree roots, rocks piles, logs, or thickets.
Most otters play in streams.
Most otters play in waterways.
Most otters reach maturity.
Most otters reach sexual maturity.
Most otters share environments.
Most otters share habitats.
Most otters swim in rivers.
Most otters swim in streams.
Some otters avoid predators.
Some otters eat amphibians.
Some otters eat animals.
Some otters eat clams.
Some otters eat crabs.
Some otters eat eels.
Some otters have blubber.
Some otters have effects.
Some otters have glands.
Some otters have musk glands.
Some otters kill fish.
Some otters kill men.
Some otters live in bays.
Some otters live in California.
Some otters live in coasts.
Some otters live in oceans.
Some otters live on ground.
Some otters play in lakes.
Some otters play in ponds.
Some otters play in rivers.
Some otters play in waterfalls.
Some otters pull prey.
Some otters swim in oceans.
An otterhound is a hound
Otterhounds are hounds.
Otterhounds can be very bright dogs - at least when it comes to getting something they want.
Otterhounds can swim for hours.
Otterhounds have a deep bay, a lovely melodious sound, which carries amazingly well.
Otterhounds have big hairy feet that are attracted to mud.
Otterhounds make intelligent, faithful pets and are very gentle for their size.
Otterhounds wear a heavy, oily water repellent coat that resists cold and moisture.
Most otthese regions happen to also be in tropical developing countries.
Ottoman Empire loses Bulgaria, Montenegro, and Serbia.
Ottoman empire loses territories in S Europe.
An ottoman is a stool
Ottoman slides in to make a Love Seat.
Ottoman slipcover consists of ottoman cover and a separate ruffle.
Ottomans are dynasties.
Ottomans are located in basements.
Ottomans are located in dens.
Ottomans are located in living rooms.
Ottomans are located in parlors.
Ottomans are seats.
Ottomans are used for decoration.
OUC graduates live in almost every country in the world.
An ounce is weight
Ounce isa unit.
Ounces are part of pounds.
Ounces equal pounds.
Ounces matter up there.
Ounces sometimes matter.
Every ounce counts for backpackers, and titanium utensils are among the lightest made.
Our results support conclusions.
Ourconditioner formula compliments our shampoo by softening and increasing volume.
Ourfitness room includes exercise bikes, a treadmill, and other exercise equipment.
Ourlargest populations are Hispanic, African-American and Caucasian.
Ournotionofsoftware architecture considers object oriented systems.
Ourweb site is german only at present.
OUS faculty are productive.
OUS faculty attract millions in new resources to Oregon.
OUS students create their own discipline.
OUS universities are key program providers at the regional sites.
Out aim is to apply cost-effective, local craftsmanship to produce our own designs.
Out aim is to establish and retain customers through superior service and competitive prices.
Out bats are better than they ever have been.
Out challenge is our guys, they have to continue to work hard.
Out clientele is world-wide.
Out climate allows almost year round outdoor activities.
Out concept combines yoga with massage, aromatherapy, food and fellowship.
Out confusion is understandable.
Out crossing adds genes.
Out customers are amazed that our flowers outlast any they have ever had.
Out emphasis is on the company and the team.
Out enrollment is too high for our current budget.
Out events is a perfect match for the bank's community orientation.
Out expertise is a great investment.
Out focus is on solving our client's problems.
Out front is a childrens playgound.
Out front is a custom black bumper with fog lights, front clear corners and Xenon headlights.
Out front is a rock garden with tasteful bonsai-like plantings.
Out front is the skier.
Out interest is in selling as much of it as possible.
Out message is accepted.
OUT moves control rods at a specified reactivity rate out of the core.
Out paddlewheel is fully enclose, where marbles are fed into the paddle through the back.
Out placement can pre-empt potential problems with problematic employees.
Out product is provided in PC file output, paper output or both.
Out segment is the cell part sensitive to light.
Out setting can prevent large files from transferring.
Out side is alot colder.
Out side is the bus terminal.
Out students receive financial incentives to further their education.
Out support is provided.
Out team consists of electrical engineers, computer scientists and even a physician.
Out team is made up of former elite intelligence and special military operations specialists.
Out team possesses a genuine commitment to quality and service.
Out time is almost up.
Out time is noon.
Out trail begins on the shores of Jackson Lake.
Out trips are excursions into a world that few people realize exists.
Out version is on the triple row.
Outs are failure.
Outs are magazines.
Outs count only as missed opportunities to get base-runners.
Outs have no bearing on when the team's time at bat has ended except on the last batter.
Every out's a commodity in the postseason.
Many outs become doubles.
Many outs become singles.
An outage is failure
Outage is imminent.
Outage Never load a cargo tank totally full.
Outages are a big waste of money for e-commerce sites.
Outages are an inevitable consequence of operating and electric utility.
Outages are breakdowns.
Outages are fewer with shorter durations.
Outages are probably the worst problem.
Outages are several times a month, and even the TV signal sucks.
Outages are taboo.
Outages are to be grouped by system.
Outages are usually short.
Outages can also affect traffic lights, residents on life support, and vital public facilities.
Outages can be costly in terms of productivity.
Outages can cost millions of dollars a minute per company.
Outages can hurt production and increase costs, and that hurts our growers.
Outages can occur at any time for many reasons.
Outages can range from minutes to days.
Outages can result in mail being delivered hours or even days late.
Outages happen for all types of reasons, so keep inexpensive plastic foam coolers on hand.
Outages listed above that provide no explanation are resultant from our upgrade.
Outages modify available bandwidth.
Outages occur due to computer outages, maintenance, filled disks, and other logistical problems.
Outages occur either because of scheduled activities or failure events.
Outages occur often during the winter.
Outages Resemble DoS DoS attacks are fairly easy to accomplish.
Outages rise in New England after deregulation .
Outages slam small biz .
Every outage is handled the same way, and with the same urgency.
Some outages are more difficult to fix than others.
Some outages last longer than others, and some switches have more access lines than others.
Outback doctors gather in Melbourne.
Outback employees arent the only ones having their paychecks docked.
Many outback roads are unfenced.
Outback sales continue to climb.
Most outboard drivers view racing as a weekend diversion from everyday life.
Outboard engines are drop-shipped from the distributor's warehouse.
Outboard equipment is all-digital with few exceptions.
An outboard motor is ICE
Outboard motor covers a specialty.
Outboard motors are available for rent.
Outboard motors are motors.
Outboard motors are permitted only upon the lake.
Outboard motors fall into the same category.
Outboard motors require separate filings.
Outboard motors standard all boats.
Outboard motors vary greatly in size and clamp onto the transom.
Outboard occupants have three-point seat belts.
Outboard option is our CD player and mic holder.
All outboard passengers benefit from adjustable, see-through headrests.
Outboard pontoons are for flotation, ballast and storage of fuel.
An outboard is ICE
Outboards are in use on the principal rivers, and regattas and races are held regularly.
Outboards are much lighter.
Outboards are very stealable.
Outboards have a higher horsepower per pound ratio.
Outboards pollute also.
Outbound buses serve red bus stops on the map.
Outbound calls are call backs, paging, and faxing.
Outbound callers have to have a thick skin and a strong personality.
Outbound cargoes being handled at the Port s transload centers include logs, lumber, and pulp.
Outbound data includes date and time, number dialed and duration of call.
Outbound data is transmitted in near real-time to trading partner systems.
Outbound freight includes finished lumber and paper products.
Outbound links can increase the credibility of a Web page.
All outbound mail is sent out the same day it is deposited in the bins.
Outbound packets have their source IP address substituted with a public identifier.
Outbound sales offer a unique set of challenges.
Outbound shipping is no exception.
Outbound telemarketing is a tough job.
Outbound telemarketing is more expensive than inbound.
Outbound traffic is done with static default routes.
Outbound traffic is significantly higher than inbound traffic.
Outbound traffic is simpler to control, so let's look at that first.
Outbound transactions occur when U.S. parties conduct business abroad or make foreign investments.
Outbound transfer can include other stores, a reclamation center, or a distribution center.
Outbound velocities are in red and inbound in green.
Outbreak control is always a priority, overriding most other public health activities.
Outbreak information changes almost daily for some regions of the world.
Outbreaks of infection acquired during air travel are a growing hazard.
An outbreak is an occurrence
Outbreak contains links and information about infectious disease.
Outbreak isa happening.
Outbreak isa occurrence.
Outbreak spreads to Northern Ireland and Scotland.
Outbreaks also are more likely to occur in corn planted after soybeans than corn after corn.
Outbreaks also occur frequently along interfaces between forests and urban areas.
Outbreaks are already so frequent that the exclusion zones overlap.
Outbreaks are also common among unvaccinated teenagers.
Outbreaks are associated with contamination of surface waters with human fecal material.
Outbreaks are common among children in schools and child care facilities.
Outbreaks are common among young adults, especially in crowded military and institutional settings.
Outbreaks are common in both free-ranging and captive birds.
Outbreaks are cyclic.
Outbreaks are generally more severe in indoor aviaries.
Outbreaks are happening.
Outbreaks are known to occur as a result of both temperature and environmental stress.
Outbreaks are likely among teammates using crowded locker facilities.
Outbreaks are likely to occur where people are brought close together to live or work.
Outbreaks are more likely to be identified than sporadic cases.
Outbreaks are most common in the winter but can occur at other times.
Outbreaks are most prevalent during wet seasons and when animals are temperature-stressed.
Outbreaks are on the rise worldwide.
Outbreaks are rare.
Outbreaks are relatively rare, but occur most often in the summer.
Outbreaks are relatively rare.
Outbreaks are seasonal and are most common during the fall and winter months.
Outbreaks are sporadic but can destroy plantings, particularly early in the year.
Outbreaks are sudden, and almost always fatal.
Outbreaks are usually seasonal, occurring mainly in the fall, early winter and spring.
Outbreaks associate with disasters.
Outbreaks blanket Central Africa, India, Pakistan, and Southeast Asia.
Outbreaks can be either foodborne or waterborne.
Outbreaks can be expensive to treat, especially if they are difficult to control.
Outbreaks can be severe, since natural enemy populations are often poorly developed.
Outbreaks can begin suddenly or develop slowly over a period of years.
Outbreaks can lead to costly losses for grain growers.
Outbreaks can occur at anytime but are most common in dry conditions when the sheep are in pasture.
Outbreaks can occur in crowded places such as day-care centers.
Outbreaks can occur in schools.
Outbreaks cause extensive tree mortality.
Outbreaks cause illnesses.
Outbreaks cause many more illnesses.
Outbreaks cause mortality.
Outbreaks cause problems.
Outbreaks cause tree mortality.
Outbreaks come in bursts among children in day care and kindergarten.
Outbreaks commonly originate in poorly managed or overstocked stands.
Outbreaks continue to occur in Australia.
Outbreaks end abruptly after the first winter frosts.
Outbreaks generally occur when the spores are brought to the surface and ingested by livestock.
Outbreaks happen in farrowing sheds where litter after litter can be affected.
Outbreaks hit regions.
Outbreaks involve individuals.
Outbreaks involve symptoms.
Outbreaks involving processed foods can be very large.
Outbreaks lead to extinction.
Outbreaks occasionally occur causing damage over large areas.
Outbreaks occur during late summer or early autumn, usually in close proximity to wet areas.
Outbreaks occur during the rainy season and disappear at the onset of the dry season.
Outbreaks occur during warm, humid conditions.
Outbreaks occur following periods of tree stress due to drought, disease and defoliation.
Outbreaks occur from flights of psyllids that migrate from southern states and Mexico.
Outbreaks occur in areas with poor sanitation and inadequate sewerage systems.
Outbreaks occur in areas.
Outbreaks occur in colder areas where people live in crowded, unhygienic, louse-infested conditions.
Outbreaks occur in developing countries where sanitation is poor.
Outbreaks occur in homes.
Outbreaks occur in hospitals, old-age homes and other institutions.
Outbreaks occur in nurse homes.
Outbreaks occur in nurseries and schools.
Outbreaks occur in places where people live or work in large groups.
Outbreaks occur in turf stands where nitrogen fertility is at less than optimum levels.
Outbreaks occur most often in the summer and early fall, but cases occur year-round.
Outbreaks occur most often in the summer but cases occur all year round.
Outbreaks occur when rainfall follows a period of drought.
Outbreaks occur yearly in schools, camps and other group settings.
Outbreaks occur yearly in schools, camps, and other group settings.
Outbreaks periodically develop with frequent and severe defoliation resulting in tree mortality.
Outbreaks periodically kill large numbers of pines.
Outbreaks provide explanations.
Outbreaks seem to have been caught relatively early.
Outbreaks still occur, usually in non-immunized groups.
Outbreaks still occur, usually in nonimmunized groups.
Outbreaks tend to be seasonal and reach a peak in the late summer and early autumn.
Outbreaks tend to model themselves on a template of existent illnesses.
Outbreaks tend to peak in late winter and early spring but can occur any time school is in session.
Outbreaks tend to recede with the arrival of Somalia s annual long rainy season.
Outbreaks vary in length.
Outbreaks frequently follow exposure to contaminated flood water.
Outbreaks often follow thunderstorms.
Outbreaks often occur in child care centers.
Outbreaks often occur when the natural biological control is disrupted.
Outbreaks often peak in summer and fall when humans, animals and insects interact the most.
Outbreaks usually begin in late fall or early winter and persist until spring.
Outbreaks usually cover extensive areas and last several years.
Outbreaks usually end after five or six years of getting herpes.
Outbreaks usually end when cool weather arrives and the bacteria becomes dormant.
Outbreaks usually last three to six years and cause little or no permanent damage to the trees.
Outbreaks usually last two to four years.
Outbreaks usually occur at breeding facilities following international horse shipments.
Outbreaks usually occur in spring and early summer.
Outbreaks usually occur in the late summer and early fall when mosquitoes are most abundant.
Outbreaks usually occur in the late winter and early spring when school is in session.
Outbreaks usually occur in the winter and early spring.
Outbreaks usually occur in warm climates or during warm weather.
Outbreaks usually occurs as water-born epidemics.
Outbreaks usually peak in mid to late summer or early atumn.
Any outbreak seems quickly to become independent of the causes that trigger it.
Most outbreaks are self-limiting .
Most outbreaks are the result of poor bed management.
Most outbreaks cause extensive tree mortality.
Most outbreaks cause many more illnesses.
Most outbreaks involve individuals.
Most outbreaks involve symptoms.
Most outbreaks lead to extinction.
Most outbreaks occur as a result of mixing flocks.
Most outbreaks occur in areas.
Most outbreaks occur in homes.
Most outbreaks occur in nurse homes.
Most outbreaks provide explanations.
Most outbreaks stem from water contaminated with the germ.
Some outbreaks affect areas.
Some outbreaks affect basins.
Some outbreaks affect fitnesses.
Some outbreaks affect mediterranean basins.
Some outbreaks affect size.
Some outbreaks are caused by badgers.
Some outbreaks attract attention.
Some outbreaks bring standstills.
Some outbreaks can injure or kill trees across widespread areas of the taiga.
Some outbreaks cause death.
Some outbreaks continue for centuries.
Some outbreaks happen in cities.
Some outbreaks have have impact.
Some outbreaks have mortality.
Some outbreaks involve adults.
Some outbreaks involve bullfrog tadpoles.
Some outbreaks involve horses.
Some outbreaks involve tadpoles.
Some outbreaks involve types.
Some outbreaks kill bighorn sheep.
Some outbreaks kill birds.
Some outbreaks kill bison.
Some outbreaks kill bottlenose dolphins.
Some outbreaks kill carabaos.
Some outbreaks kill deer.
Some outbreaks kill dolphins.
Some outbreaks kill frogs.
Some outbreaks kill mammals.
Some outbreaks kill manatees.
Some outbreaks kill people.
Some outbreaks kill piglets.
Some outbreaks kill sheep.
Some outbreaks kill trees.
Some outbreaks lead to death.
Some outbreaks occur during late summer.
Some outbreaks occur during summer.
Some outbreaks occur during winter.
Some outbreaks occur in centers.
Some outbreaks occur in day care centers.
Some outbreaks occur in farms.
Some outbreaks occur in institutions.
Some outbreaks occur in mental institutions.
Some outbreaks occur in students.
Some outbreaks occur in travelers.
Some outbreaks occur in turkeys.
Some outbreaks occur in weather.
Some outbreaks occur on streets.
Some outbreaks provide compel evidence.
Some outbreaks provide evidence.
Some outbreaks result in death.
Some outbreaks result in extinction.
Some outbreaks result in mortality.
Some outbreaks take places.
Outburst floods are common in western Canada.
Outburst floods in the high mountains mean devastating floods for the lowland countries downstream.
Outburst gives effects animators a nice toolset to create particle effects animation.
Outburst is disturbances.
Outburst is expression
Outburst is fun, too.
Outburst is happening.
Outbursts can come in the form of irrational domestic violence.
Outbursts occur at quasi-regular intervals of weeks to months.
Any outburst is ultimately a loss of control.
Outcall services send male and female dancers to customers, usually in hotel rooms.
An outcast is a person
Outcasts achieve their status through the process of social othering.
Outcasts go into the kingdom ahead of the self-righteous.
Outcome data are essential for comparisons known as benchmarking.
Outcome data demonstrate the effects of the activities and hours of service provided.
Outcome data indicate that patients are receiving excellent care.
Outcome research is underway to test the validity of the method as a clinical tool.
An outcome is a conclusion
Outcome b an ability to design and conduct experiments as well as to analyze and interpret data.
Outcome based education now in place is presumed to cater to all children.
Outcome based is a feel-good term, only to result in a terrible germ.
Outcome c an ability to design a system, component or process to meet desired needs.
Outcome d an ability to function on multi-disciplinary teams.
Outcome determines eligibility for entrance into certain first-level mathematics courses.
Outcome focus on helping the organization with cost avoidance and efficiencies of operation.
Outcome is a type of performance measure.
Outcome is better than any individual contribution.
Outcome is clear, correct and appropriate.
Outcome is design of several innovative design solutions for community consideration.
Outcome is extremely variable.
Outcome is good documentation which makes future software maintenance feasible.
Outcome is in patient's hands - try to minimize dependence on physician.
Outcome is less favorable if skin involvement is a presenting feature of systemic disease.
Outcome is numbness, and long-tract signs.
Outcome is signifigant in certain die rolls, especially in combat.
Outcome is somewhat confusing or flawed.
Outcome is usually good in the case of a single nephrectomy.
Outcome is worth the effort.
Outcome isa happening.
Outcome isa occurrence.
Outcome m an ability to design digital systems using modern design tools.
Outcome measures A quality standard based on how the customer uses the product or service.
Outcome measures data are helpful.
Outcome measures for low back pain research.
Outcome mesures in sub-acute care.
Outcome studies on postoperative pain management with regional anesthesia techniques are ongoing.
Outcomes achieved by members depend very much on what they want to get out of their Circles.
Outcomes apply to the undergraduate student population upon completion of their program.
Outcomes are a starting point for program improvement.
Outcomes are a way of heightening sensibility and can be an aid to making sense.
Outcomes are also powerful marketing tools.
Outcomes are also unclear following the use of oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy.
Outcomes are an institution's measuring stick.
Outcomes are assessments after the intervention has been provided.
Outcomes are authentic, project-based.
Outcomes are benefits for participants during or after their involvement with a program.
Outcomes are better with early intervention.
Outcomes are consequences of behaviour.
Outcomes are exclusive.
Outcomes are extremely variable.
Outcomes are for special educators too.
Outcomes are good for the most part.
Outcomes are important.
Outcomes are in general very good, especially if the retinoblastoma is only affecting one eye.
Outcomes are independent.
Outcomes are inherently important.
Outcomes are irrelevant.
Outcomes are less likely to hit on equal splits.
Outcomes are likely to vary considerably, however, between different forms of bargaining.
Outcomes are long-range and broad in scope.
Outcomes are measures of changes in patient health status between two points in time.
Outcomes are more specific than goals.
Outcomes are numbers suffused with political meaning.
Outcomes are often poor with most people dying in months to years.
Outcomes are one component of health care quality.
Outcomes are one of the most important aspects of the program.
Outcomes are optimum health and better quality of life.
Outcomes are pending.
Outcomes are pure hindsight.
Outcomes are qualitative.
Outcomes are simply that.
Outcomes are skills, abilities, etc.
Outcomes are solid, but no approaches are determined.
Outcomes are student based, usually with a high student profile.
Outcomes are survival, functional status, quality of life and cost.
Outcomes are the basic constructs that are at the foundation of the reports.
Outcomes are the benefits or changes for individuals or communities.
Outcomes are the best when wasting is identified and steps to prevent it are taken.
Outcomes are the bottom line.
Outcomes are the changes the program hopes to achieve.
Outcomes are the consequences of the activities of the project.
Outcomes are the consequences of what the program did that had an impact on the intended recipients.
Outcomes are the desired measurable changes in people, organizations, or community conditions.
Outcomes are the effects of the projects activities and methods.
Outcomes are the measurable changes in people, organizations, or community conditions.
Outcomes are the result or effect of the project.
Outcomes are the results or impact of the activities and services.
Outcomes are the results or impact of unit action or activity.
Outcomes are the short-term program effects.
Outcomes are the subdivisions of specific objectives that are the products of an institution.
Outcomes are uncertain, risk is endemic, and all sensible bets are off.
Outcomes are unfair.
Outcomes Be aware of the central issues and concerns of the exporting country.
Outcomes become less favorable.
Outcomes can be immediate or delayed.
Outcomes can be long-term in nature.
Outcomes can either be discrete or continuous.
Outcomes can help establish that value.
Outcomes can involve knowledge, skills, attitudes, behavior, performance, status or condition.
Outcomes can occur at many levels.
Outcomes can often be quite unpredictable.
Outcomes continue to improve.
Outcomes depend on cell cycle status.
Outcomes depend on choices.
Outcomes depend on conditions.
Outcomes depend on immune status.
Outcomes depend on incentives.
Outcomes depend on negotiating tactics and styles.
Outcomes depend on status.
Outcomes depend upon degrees.
Outcomes describe the results of care or treatment.
Outcomes determine truth.
Outcomes determine whether schools can provide every student the opportunity to excel.
Outcomes differ depending on the diagnoses and conditions of the people who receive service.
Outcomes drive the goals.
Outcomes drive the outputs, activities and inputs.
Outcomes drive the team s purpose.
Outcomes express the specific intended results of the teaching of the syllabus.
Outcomes go to the customers of the process.
Outcomes have chances.
Outcomes have effects.
Outcomes have negative effects.
Outcomes help measure whether the public systems are working effectively and working together.
Outcomes identified are relevant to mission and goals.
Outcomes Increase the use of integration strategies.
Outcomes measure efficiency and quality of performance.
Outcomes occur through the mediation of some set of modifiers.
Outcomes provide a focus and rationale for the specification and production of outputs.
Outcomes provide a policy framework for our programs and performance measures.
Outcomes provide evidence that program objectives have been accomplished.
Outcomes provide information on the relative quality of UK academic research.
Outcomes provide the basis for reporting to parents.
Outcomes refer to how the behavior impacts others or the environment.
Outcomes reflect funding targets covered above.
Outcomes relate to individual or community changes that occur as a result of program attributes.
Outcomes represent the desired conditional changes.
Outcomes research using a collaborative, multisite model.
Outcomes result from the behavior and actions of people, groups, and organizations.
Outcomes show an interaction between expectation and arousal.
Outcomes then promote accountability.
Outcomes vary according to the disease state and general health.
Outcomes vary, and the course of recovery varies, from one treated individual to another.
Outcomes wanted by customers are stable over time .
Outcomes will have different effects.
Outcomes will have effects.
Outcomes often affect the services provided to a significant segment of the public.
All outcomes are by standardized predefined protocols consistent with prior studies.
All outcomes are final.
All outcomes are positive.
All outcomes result from following a path along what looks like the branch of a tree.
Any outcome depends upon the specifics of an individual's case.
Many outcomes are possible.
Most outcomes depend on cell cycle status.
Most outcomes depend on choices.
Most outcomes depend on conditions.
Most outcomes depend on immune status.
Most outcomes depend on status.
Most outcomes depend upon degrees.
Most outcomes determine truth.
Most outcomes have chances.
Most outcomes have effects.
Most outcomes have negative effects.
Some outcomes affect players.
Some outcomes are beyond our control.
Some outcomes are easier to measure than others.
Some outcomes are perhaps essential while others are desirable.
Some outcomes contribute to development.
Some outcomes create contexts.
Some outcomes depend on animals.
Some outcomes depend on exposure.
Some outcomes depend on positions.
Some outcomes follow abdominal surgery.
Some outcomes follow surgery.
Some outcomes have more than one example.
Some outcomes lead to lack.
Some outcomes occur in disorder.
Some outcomes relate to bile acid concentration.
Some outcomes relate to concentration.
Some outcomes relate to disorder.
Some outcomes relate to exposure.
Some outcomes relate to health disorder.
Some outcomes relate to mental disorder.
Some outcomes relate to mental health disorder.
Some outcomes take the form of a count.
Outcomes research focuses on quantifying points that are important to both patient and physician.
Outcomes research measures the end results of health care practices and treatments.
An outcrop is a stone
Outcrops are in brown.
Outcrops are in sec.
Outcrops are places where solid rock is exposed at the surface.
Outcrops are rocks.
Outcrops are the visible parts of the rock formation that makes up an area.
Outcrops are usually sparsely vegetated and occur on slopes and tops of low hills.
Outcrops are usually sparsely vegetated, and occur on slopes and tops of low hills.
Outcrops expose variegated red and gray mudstones with interbedded yellow limestone lenses.
Outcrops provide information about the type of rock or sediment underlying an area.
Outcrops span a critical gap in both scale and resolution between seismic and well-bore data.
Outdated board has no real responsibilities.
Outdated clothing is plentiful in most thrift stores and is ideal for masquerading.
Outdated content is a major offence.
Outdated content is a sure way to lose credibility.
Outdated equipment can serve a useful second existence.
Outdated equipment limits a photographer to only one or two shots.
Outdated equipment needs to be replaced.
Outdated formulas penalize large, rapidly growing states like Florida.
Outdated information can be worse than no information at all.
Outdated information can linger on the web for many years.
Outdated information follows.
Outdated information is a sure way to lose credibility.
Outdated information is archived.
Outdated information is deleted or replaced.
Outdated information is of no use to anyone.
Outdated information is worse than no information at all.
Outdated information leaves a bad impression.
Outdated information runs a high risk of being inaccurate and misleading investors.
Some outdated information is available here at iwarp.
Outdated infrastructures are likely to produce inadequate learning environments.
Outdated legislation denies Florida regulators explicit authority over utility mergers.
Outdated links are always annoying and sometimes misleading.
Outdated material is removed automatically.
Outdated material is returned to the individual.
Outdated materials are to be removed by the sponsor.
Outdated materials are to be removed by the sponsoring organization.
Outdated ones work as well as new ones.
Outdated photos send bad signals.
Outdated prejudices based on age are shortsighted.
Outdated prices are invalid.
Outdated rates are invalid.
Outdated resources can lead to dissatisfaction and boredom.
Outdated software can also cause compatibility problems.
Outdated software can cause many different problems and conflicts.
Outdated software is phased out and prevented using centrally administered removal techniques.
Outdated software is returned under seal.
Outdated technology holds back both companies and users.
Outdated tetracycline is highly toxic to the kidneys.
Outdated vaccines Take smallpox.
Outdated waxes are hard to apply and carry an odor.
Outdated wiring can make adding appliances very expensive.
Outdated wiring prevents the optimum use of technology.
Outdoor activities abound here.
Outdoor activities abound in and around Atlanta.
Outdoor activities abound in Houston as a result of the city s favorable location and climate.
Outdoor activities abound in Liberia, with water sports being the most accessible.
Outdoor activities abound in the Crossroads.
Outdoor activities abound in the nearby mountains, lakes, and national parks.
Outdoor activities abound in the nearby wilderness areas.
Outdoor activities abound just a short distance from downtown Portland.
Outdoor activities abound of every sort.
Outdoor activities abound, hiking, biking, fishing, rafting, horseback riding.
Outdoor activities abound, hiking, skiing, fishing, boating all right next door.
Outdoor activities abound, including hiking, biking, cross-country sking and watersports.
Outdoor activities abound, including white water rafting, jetboating, fishing and hiking.
Outdoor activities abound.
Outdoor activities add tremendously to health, fitness and general well-being.
Outdoor activities are a mainstay of the Vermont lifestyle and there are a lot to choose from.
Outdoor activities are a major attraction.
Outdoor activities are a major part of life in New Zealand, especially on the South Island.
Outdoor activities are abundant throughout the area.
Outdoor activities are abundant throughout the West Shore.
Outdoor activities are big on campus during the warm months.
Outdoor activities are boundless.
Outdoor activities are bountiful as there are lakes and state parks aplenty.
Outdoor activities are bountiful, and the people are friendly.
Outdoor activities are bountiful.
Outdoor activities are free.
Outdoor activities are hard to get to and far from parking.
Outdoor activities are huge for the kids in the cabin.
Outdoor activities are in abundance in the surrounding communities.
Outdoor activities are inherently risky.
Outdoor activities are many and varied.
Outdoor activities are nearby, like salmon fishing and canoe trips, and guides are available.
Outdoor activities are numerous and include hiking, biking, camping, fishing and sightseeing.
Outdoor activities are numerous.
Outdoor activities are physical events.
Outdoor activities are plentiful and varied.
Outdoor activities are probably the most popular.
Outdoor activities are readily available in and around Douglas.
Outdoor activities are the most appealing feature of the Scouting program.
Outdoor activities are unlimited.
Outdoor activities are very popular, especially hiking, climbing, fishing, golf and watersports.
Outdoor activities are very popular.
Outdoor activities are weather dependent and subject to change.
Outdoor activities are year-round.
Outdoor activities become more pleasant.
Outdoor activities can be a great way to get in shape and stay fit.
Outdoor activities can produce some positive and major changes.
Outdoor activities centre around the swimming pool, squash courts and floodlit tennis court.
Outdoor activities commence the next morning after breakfast.
Outdoor activities depend on recent weather conditions.
Outdoor activities encourage personal and social development.
Outdoor activities help in large-muscle development.
Outdoor activities including cycling to work and back are a part of everyday life.
Outdoor activities including hiking and mountain biking are plentiful.
Outdoor activities offer families a time to get together away from the distractions of modern life.
Outdoor activities offer variety in scenery and weather.
Outdoor activities require a heavy outer coat.
Outdoor activities require reservations and are available at an additional cost.
Outdoor activities show a walking bias, though there aret a number of keen cyclists also.
Outdoor activities Take a walk on the wild side, or how about a day at the races.
Outdoor activities take place at various times during the week.
Outdoor activity abounds in some of the wildest country on the continent.
Outdoor activity abounds.
Outdoor activity becomes dangerous.
Outdoor activity gives the children another quick break before further activities.
Outdoor activity is plentiful in Nampa.
Outdoor activity is rampant.
All outdoor activities are free.
All outdoor activities are still in full swing.
All outdoor activities are subject to weather conditions.
All outdoor activities become a natural part of being in Prescott.
All outdoor activities involve some degree of risk.
Any outdoor activity calls for a hat, sunscreen and plenty of water.
Any outdoor activity can be dangerous when the weather turns foul.
Any outdoor activity has an element of risk, but river trips are historically very safe.
Any outdoor activity has risks, as the elements of nature are unpredictable.
Any outdoor activity is a potential disaster if thunderstorms or lightning threatens.
Many outdoor activities are available as well.
Many outdoor activities are available to visitors.
Many outdoor activities are available, including water sports, snow skiing, camping, and hiking.
Many outdoor activities are available.
Most outdoor activities are unpleasant without facial protection.
Most outdoor activities are well-suited for Irish setters as well.
Some outdoor activities are available, weather permitting.
Outdoor ads are generally billboards.
Outdoor adventure abounds on award-winning hiking trails and famous limestone caverns.
Outdoor adventure abounds with hiking, white-water rafting and more.
Outdoor adventure gives children wonderful and unforgettable experiences.
Outdoor adventure is combined with environmental awareness and education.
Outdoor adventure is every bit as appealing to girls as it is to boys.
Outdoor adventure is just the beginning of the long list of fun and handy uses.
Outdoor adventure is truly unlimited here . . .
Outdoor adventures are what kidstuff is all about.
Outdoor adventures can range from camping to hiking, skiing to snowboarding, picnics to Frisbee.
Outdoor adventures provide positive metaphors and expectations for growth and change.
Outdoor adventurers can hike the area's beautiful trails .
Outdoor advertising consists of short promotional messages on billboards, posters, and signs.
Outdoor advertising includes billboards and transportation.
Outdoor advertising is committed to private property rights.
Outdoor advertising is effective for communicating short messages and simple ideas or concepts.
Outdoor advertising is reduced to the status of a public nuisance.
Outdoor advertising is the most effective and inexpensive way to reach travelers.
Outdoor advertising offers endless creative options and provides value.
Outdoor advertising offers high visibility, and the cost per viewer is relatively low.
Outdoor advertising reaches people whenever and wherever they travel outside of their homes.
Outdoor advertising reinforces our message in key locations.
Outdoor advertising remains important to some customers.
Outdoor advertising seems to have slipped through the net.
Outdoor advertising supports commercial free speech rights.
Outdoor advertising works better than ever for advertisers.
Outdoor advertising works well for some companies but is ineffective for others.
Outdoor air quality becomes concern.
Outdoor air is heated by the rocks as it passes through the second compartment.
Outdoor air is loaded with auto exhaust, tire particulates and smokestack effluent.
Outdoor allergens are harder to control, of course.
Outdoor amphitheater hosts big-name performers much of the summer.
Outdoor animals steal that restful quiet from everyone.
Outdoor antennas are always better than indoor antennas.
Outdoor antennas are inexpensive when compared to the cost of a satellite dish.
Outdoor antennas perform better than indoor ones.
Outdoor application is preferred.
Outdoor applications are another matter.
Outdoor area features a swimming pool for guests.
Outdoor areas are accessible all year for walking or reflecting.
Outdoor areas are expansive and desolate, with clouds casting foreboding shadows across the land.
Outdoor areas are usually large while the indoor areas comfortably cater to guests requirements.
Outdoor art greets visitors in the main courtyard.
Most outdoor ATMs are available around the clock.
Outdoor audio presents many unique challenges.
Outdoor aviaries have disadvantages to consider when in the planning stages.
Outdoor barbecues are always a delicious way to end the day.
Outdoor barbeques are also available.
Outdoor barbeques are available.
Outdoor basketball is one way students have been tkaing advantage of the nice weather.
Outdoor basketballs can be check out at the Campus Recreation office during it hours of operation.
Outdoor billboards can be effective in reinforcing advertising communicated through other media.
Outdoor blues stage.
Outdoor cables are sunlight resistant and include weather-proof strain relief connectors.
Outdoor cafe is open weather permitting.
Outdoor cafes are everywhere.
Outdoor cafes grace every level, inviting guests to enjoy the tropical sea breezes.
Outdoor cafes located along the way provide active families with refueling stops.
Outdoor cafes overlook the water, and antique shops, bookstores and gift shops line the streets.
Outdoor cafes provide relaxed dining and plenty of people watching opportunities.
Outdoor camping is often the only alternative.
Outdoor cats are also likely to get lost.
Outdoor cats are at greater risk because of increased exposure to mosquitoes.
Outdoor cats are easily accessible to animal abusers.
Outdoor cats are more likely to be the target of abuse inflicted by some children.
Outdoor cats are more likely to require veterinary care.
Outdoor cats are more prone to get lost, too.
Outdoor cats are more prone to get lost.
Outdoor cats are more prone to injury.
Outdoor cats are most susceptible, because fleas generally live outside.
Outdoor cats can satisfy their desire for fresh vegetation.
Outdoor cats get risk being severely injured or killed by another animal.
Outdoor cats have a tendency to receive much less human attention than indoor cats.
Many outdoor cats die from auto accidents.
Most outdoor cats die from auto accidents.
Most outdoor cats die prematurely from auto accidents.
Outdoor catering is undertaken and special discounts are given when bulk orders are placed.
Outdoor centipedes live in dark, damp habitats such as under stones and inside fallen logs.
Outdoor ceremonies can be memorable for all involved.
Outdoor chairs surround the statue, making it easy to pray and meditate.
Outdoor chapel includes cobblestone walk, wedding dove benches.
Outdoor circulation is based on traffic volume.
Outdoor Classes Click on the pictures to get a large, more detailed view.
Outdoor classes involve walking and contact with the environment.
Outdoor classrooms are the best way to learn.
Outdoor classrooms can provide endless and exciting opportunities for learning.
Outdoor clotheslines are a common site in Mexico.
Some outdoor clothing is designed to generate warmth when the wearer exerts themselves.
Outdoor club offers archery, rock climbing, fishing, canoeing and camping.
Outdoor companies are among the toughest for contract cancellations.
All outdoor components are weather proof .
Outdoor concerts are popular here.
Outdoor concerts held on the plaza always draw big audiences.
Outdoor concerts occur throughout the late spring and summer.
Outdoor conditions are miserable.
Outdoor conditions can deteriorate a cord over time.
Outdoor construction can come to a halt for weeks because of rain or other adverse conditions.
Outdoor construction can save valuable plant floor space and provide fast field construction.
Many outdoor contaminants are the source of causing indoor air quality problems.
Most outdoor contracts are non-cancelable.
Most outdoor contracts require a commitment of six months to a year.
Outdoor conveniences are available.
Outdoor conversations can be difficult because of traffic noise.
Outdoor cooking is a pleasure.
Outdoor cooking is after all a favorite American pastime.
Outdoor cooking is an American pastime, like baseball.
Outdoor cooking is great with a charcoal grill.
Outdoor cooking is just part of the fun.
Outdoor cooking is permitted on the grills located in the courtyards only.
Outdoor courts are also available.
Outdoor courts are free of charge.
Outdoor courts are mostly grass, but there are some outdoor courts that are made of clay.
Outdoor courtyard is available to tenants only.
Outdoor courtyards are also available.
Outdoor cultivation is common in both rural and urban areas.
Outdoor deck is completely enclosed and full guest services are available daily, including daycare.
Outdoor deck overlooks first green on public golf course.
Outdoor deck overlooks the Elizabeth River and Norfolk skyline.
Outdoor deck provides beautiful view.
Outdoor decks are full to overflowing with funseekers and partygoers.
Outdoor decks provide every opportunity to enjoy the views.
Outdoor Decorations Try some unusual door and stair decorations to set a fall tone outside.
Any outdoor destination seems adequate.
Outdoor diners enjoy the company of a fountain.
Outdoor discos play dance music and bands play on street stages.
Outdoor display enclosures feature environmental monitoring and control.
Outdoor display is free.
Outdoor display shows one of eight additional sensors.
Outdoor displays are more durable and can withstand most weather conditions.
Outdoor displays have substantial ability to attract the driver's or pedestrian's attention.
Outdoor diving requires knowledge of the water depth and currents as conditions can be dangerous.
Outdoor dogs are most susceptible to heartworm infection.
Outdoor dogs burn extra energy to maintain their body heat in cold weather.
Outdoor dogs do well twice a month, while indoor dogs can be safely bathed weekly.
Outdoor dogs get to stay comfortable in outdoor pens with insulated shelters.
Outdoor dogs live under yard rules.
Most outdoor drains are storm sewers.
Outdoor durability is more a function of being resistant to UV light than to moisture.
Outdoor education is a memorable experience for all students.
Outdoor education is an approach to more efficient learning.
Outdoor education is as old as education itself.
Outdoor education is intrinsic to the timetable.
Outdoor education nurtures a respect for our connectedness with nature and the wider community.
Outdoor education offers special benefits to behavior disordered students.
Outdoor education relates well to many recent educational innovations.
Outdoor Endeavors can coordinate the shipment of Great Canadian products worldwide.
Outdoor enthusiast can enjoy hiking, biking, tennis, and golf.
Outdoor enthusiasts are never at a loss for activities in Worcester.
Outdoor enthusiasts are the purpose of our work.
Outdoor enthusiasts can also find a good game here.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy a variety of activities.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy a wide array of water recreation in Prescott.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy a wide variety of watersports.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy all water sports, fishing, and golfing on championship golf courses.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy both inland and ocean options in Valdez.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy hiking and bicycling.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy hiking, biking, sea kayaking, and whale watching.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy hiking, cross-country skiing, or cycling in a variety of parks.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy nine miles of trails that wind through scenic woodlands.
Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy whale watching excursions, birding, biking and hiking.
Outdoor enthusiasts can even reserve a campsite at one of Wisconsin s state parks.
Outdoor enthusiasts can hike trails or climb throughout the canyon.
Outdoor enthusiasts can look forward to superb fishing, sailing, bird watching, walking and cycling.
Outdoor enthusiasts can partake in a number of exciting activities.
Outdoor enthusiasts can personalize their card selection with a photo of their choice.
Outdoor enthusiasts delight in New York State.
Outdoor enthusiasts enjoy golfing, water sports, and snow skiing.
Outdoor enthusiasts enjoy hockey rinks, softball fields, great fishing and a bike path.
Outdoor enthusiasts enjoy the nearby lakes, ocean, mountains, and hiking and ski trails.
Outdoor enthusiasts enjoy thousands of acres of state and national outdoor recreational areas.
Outdoor enthusiasts find a plethora of activities in and just outside the city's environs.
Outdoor enthusiasts find our abundant lakes ideal for hunting and fishing.
Outdoor enthusiasts flock to our three state parks and eight county parks.
Outdoor enthusiasts flock to the Central Coast's recreational areas.
Outdoor enthusiasts have a huge wealth of outdoor knowledge.
Outdoor enthusiasts love the inviting ambiance, blessedly free of industry and large crowds.
Outdoor enthusiasts search for unusual secondhand pieces to decorate their yards and gardens.
Outdoor enthusiasts seize the chance to explore the region's vast north woods and countless lakes.
Outdoor enthusiasts using Salem as base camp easily can choose the mountains, woods or the sea.
Outdoor enthusiasts visit for the hiking, biking, golfing and fishing.
Outdoor environment provides a healthy balance of athletics and academics.
Outdoor environments look very nice indeed.
Some outdoor environments have plenty.
Outdoor equipment includes the sandbox, climbing bars, riding toys and much more.
Outdoor equipment is also available on a rental basis.
Outdoor equipment is great at any age.
Outdoor equipment is indeed very useful in survival situations.
Some outdoor equipment is available on a seasonal basis.
Outdoor event is free as well as admission to museum.
Outdoor events allow smoking.
Outdoor events are also available.
Outdoor events are free and once again open to all.
Outdoor events are prone to unexpected turns in weather.
Outdoor events can accommodate several thousand.
Outdoor events come to life when distant trees are lit to create atmosphere.
Outdoor Events Get the scoop on what outdoor-related events are going on in the state.
Outdoor events go rain or shine except for extreme weather conditions.
Outdoor events have the potential to raise user conflict to extreme levels.
All outdoor events are free, indoor events free with museum admission.
All outdoor events are subject to weather conditions.
All outdoor events are subject to weather permitting.
Most outdoor events are free.
Outdoor exercise contributes to the physical and emotional health of the individual.
Outdoor exercise is a good counterbalance to sitting in front of the computer all day.
Outdoor exercise is all the more fun with children.
Outdoor exercise is available.
Outdoor exercise is the best, and inactivity is a fruitful cause of disease.
Outdoor exercises can assist leaders and teams with managing change.
Outdoor exhibits are accessible during regular park hours.
Outdoor exhibits have waves.
Outdoor exhibits show the rich heritage of Charleston's maritime history.
Outdoor experience is a plus.
Outdoor experiences are a second important factor that influence land stewardship.
Outdoor experiences are key to meeting that step.
Outdoor experiments provide more insights.
Outdoor experts point out that Arizona's wilderness is pocked with civilization.
Outdoor facilities are adjacent to the building.
Outdoor facilities are open daily dawn to dusk.
Outdoor facilities are open daily, dawn to dusk.
Outdoor facilities depend on program needs.
Outdoor facilities offer jogging and cross country trails, and an outdoor volleyball court.
All outdoor facilities are available for reservation.
Outdoor festival celebrates the cultures of some of the groups which settled West Central Illinois.
Outdoor festival features fine arts and crafts, performing artists, children's activities and food.
Outdoor festivals are favorite sponsors of tree climbing events.
Outdoor festivals fil the mountain air with music of all kinds.
Outdoor fetish fucking with strangers is the best videos and adult dvds uk.
Outdoor fields are too large for densely populated regions.
Outdoor fieldwork is included.
Outdoor finishes are also available.
All outdoor fires are subject to burn bans.
Outdoor fireplaces combine the look and feel of a living room fireplace.
Outdoor footwear is to be removed and left in the boot change areas.
Outdoor forum is open to all who are on the service.
Outdoor friends ignore differences in religion, politics and basic values.
Outdoor friends make others feel comfortable in a new situation.
Outdoor fun is only minutes away.
Outdoor fun is the key here.
Outdoor functions are definitely an option.
All outdoor furnaces produce heat and lots of it.
All outdoor furnaces work.
Outdoor furnishings come in a wide variety of materials, designs and colors.
Outdoor furniture does require maintenance from year to year depending on exposure.
Outdoor furniture is just as important as indoor furniture.
Outdoor Furniture Use a good all-purpose cleaner.
An outdoor game is an athletic game
Outdoor games are often an arena for high competition.
Outdoor gardens are alive with thousands of colorful blossoms and a soothing fountain.
Outdoor gardens are also a great collection of desert flora and fauna.
Outdoor gardens feature a nature walk, a rose garden, and fancy pigeons.
Outdoor gardens have picnic tables and a barbecue.
Outdoor grass matures just before the jointing stage and creates a smooth grass taste.
Outdoor grills are standard park fixture.
Outdoor grills used indoors produce dangerous levels of carbon monoxide.
Outdoor grills work best but they can be broiled also.
Outdoor growers are likely to confront issues regarding pests.
Outdoor guest barbecues.
Outdoor hazards increase in the warmer months.
Outdoor hours are also subject to weather conditions.
Outdoor hutches can be dangerous and isolate pets from their caretakers.
Outdoor instructions is available for beginner to advanced climbers.
Outdoor investigation attunes students to our wildlife neighbors.
All outdoor items are to be removed for class.
Many outdoor jobs require long or irregular hours, some travel, and frequent weekend work.
Outdoor kitchens are hot right now.
Outdoor lab has a written plan for development, operation and maintenance.
Outdoor lab is used throughout the entire school year.
Outdoor lab is used to demonstrate use and active management of the resources available.
Outdoor labs are an integral part of the coursework.
Outdoor labor is usually more beneficial than indoor labor.
Outdoor landscapes generated by the terrain system look amazingly realistic.
Outdoor latrines are near by.
Outdoor lessons are also available.
Outdoor lessons are popular all the year due to the lovely Georgia weather.
Outdoor life adventures at beautiful Canadian wilderness getaway resort.
Outdoor life is necessary.
Outdoor life is part of the Swedish lifestyle both summer and winter.
Outdoor light can be undependable.
Outdoor light comes in many different forms.
Outdoor light has a different quality to indoor lighting.
Outdoor lights act to attract insects to the house.
Outdoor lights are on timers and are good for night training in the riding ring.
Outdoor lights operate on photo cells turning on and off automatically.
All outdoor lights are high pressure sodium fixtures.
Outdoor lighting becomes a factor here, as well as clear and level pathways.
Outdoor lighting can add a great deal to the attractiveness and usefulness of the landscape.
Outdoor lighting can cause intrusive and unnecessary pollution of our countryside.
Outdoor lighting can eliminate hiding places.
Outdoor lighting can provide protection and increase safety.
Outdoor lighting is a popular and effective way to scare off unwanted intruders.
Outdoor lighting is addressed in three instances relative to other types of use.
Outdoor lighting is advised.
Outdoor lighting is another way in which homebuyers dress up the exterior.
Outdoor lighting is another way to shield the store from burglary.
Outdoor lighting is great for safety and crime deterrence.
Outdoor lighting is intended primarily to safeguard our security.
Outdoor lighting is much too expensive for a lot of people.
Outdoor lighting is one of the most effective security systems available.
Outdoor lighting is one of the most inefficient uses of energy today.
Outdoor lighting is provided in the parking lots, the campus streets and student housing.
Outdoor lighting is researched by many and understood by few, yet it is freely employed by all.
Outdoor lighting is somewhat different than other zoning issues.
Outdoor lighting is the best way to do that.
Outdoor lighting is the major source of light pollution.
Outdoor lighting lining a driveway or framing a home turns a house into a warm and inviting haven.
Outdoor lighting provides an option for holding programs after dark.
Outdoor lighting represents a relatively small percentage of all lighting in use.
Outdoor lighting serves several important functions.
Much outdoor lighting is operated for the purposes of security.
Outdoor line drying is also available.
Outdoor living is now.
Outdoor locations are best, especially as fire is involved in one of the tasks.
Outdoor lovers can enjoy boating, fishing, water skiing, picnicking, camping and wildlife viewing.
Outdoor lovers can enjoy the swimming pool and the pool bar.
Outdoor lovers can enjoy the Swimming Pool and the Pool Bar.
Outdoor lovers can have their breakfast served in the garden in the shade of an old dogwood tree.
Outdoor lovers enjoy all sports from sea to sky.
Outdoor lovers find much to do here.
Outdoor lovers love their kayaks, kiwis, and canoes.
Many outdoor lovers prize northern Michigan for the quality fishing experiences it offers.
Outdoor markets are movable feasts.
Outdoor markets flourish everywhere.
Outdoor meetings require police authorization.
Outdoor ministries offer unique settings and contexts for worship.
Outdoor mirrors have a back construction made of acrylic, butadine and styrene.
Outdoor models are available.
Outdoor mold grows on soil, grass, fallen leaves and rotting logs.
Outdoor molds can be a problem any time it's damp and rainy.
Outdoor molds cause symptoms mainly in the summer and early autumn.
Outdoor molds grow in moist shady areas.
Most outdoor molds become dormant during the winter.
Outdoor movies are almost extinct today.
Outdoor nests can be very difficult to eliminate without chemicals.
Outdoor opportunities abound in Oakland.
Outdoor opportunities abound.
Outdoor options abound in Burke County.
Outdoor outfitters provide rentals for equipment and activewear.
Outdoor outlets require ground-fault circuit interrupters.
Outdoor pageants are common in New Mexico.
Outdoor parks feature full-size vehicles and equipment.
Outdoor parking is available and is complimentary.
Outdoor parking is available for both cars and buses.
Outdoor parking is available for both cars and trucks.
Outdoor parking is available on site at all complexes.
Outdoor parking is offered, including buses.
Outdoor parking is provided and can accommodate trucks.
Outdoor parking is provided by the hotel.
Outdoor parking is provided.
Outdoor participation is dependent upon weather conditions.
Outdoor parties are more difficult to monitor with very small children.
Outdoor parties breed more food-handling errors, too.
Outdoor parties can utilize the backyard swingset as a castle to defend.
Outdoor patio has a fountain and beautiful fresco paintings.
Outdoor patio is great but the food, do something about the food, please.
Outdoor patio overlooks the Chicago River.
Outdoor patio seating adds to the casual atmosphere.
Outdoor patios can be particularly flexible.
Outdoor pavilions are also adjacent to the third floor.
Outdoor people find plenty of uses for the pads.
Outdoor performances are free to all.
Some outdoor pests require different control options.
Some outdoor pests require different options.
Some outdoor pests require options.
Outdoor pet bites Most bites from pets are from dogs or cats.
Outdoor pets are most at risk, and flea and tick treatments for pets also keep humans healthy.
Outdoor pets require extra calories to keep warm.
Outdoor pets require more calories in the winter to generate energy to ward off the cold.
Outdoor pets use calories to generate heat in the wintertime.
Outdoor phones are at the main entrance to the residence halls.
Outdoor photographers love the wildflower driving routes.
Outdoor photography is a specialty.
Outdoor pictures come out much better.
Outdoor plants are susceptible to getting nibbled on by rabbits, squirrels and other creatures.
Outdoor plants are typically larger and therefore generate a greater yield.
Outdoor plants can benefit much more from vinegar.
Outdoor plants can contribute to indoor allergens by releasing pollen that then enters buildings.
Outdoor plants do well when planted near a water feature or even in soggy soil.
Outdoor Plants Make sure that plants are healthy going into winter.
Outdoor play can include a baby pool for dogs to relax in as the temperature climbs.
Outdoor play encourages learning for growing children and is critically important to development.
Outdoor play follows later when the day has warmed up.
Outdoor play includes gross motor activities such as climbing, running and riding toys.
Outdoor play is also an important part of the timetable.
Outdoor play is also integral to overall child development.
Outdoor play is also part of our daily routine, weather permitting.
Outdoor play is an important part of our program.
Outdoor play is enjoyed in our tot lot as weather permits.
Outdoor play is healthy even in winter .
Outdoor play is planned and encouraged, weather and safety permitting.
Outdoor play is provided for children to ensure they receive physical exercise.
Outdoor play is scheduled for morning, afternoon, and evening except during inclement weather.
Outdoor play provides kids with a chance to get exercise and fresh air.
Outdoor playground has modern equipment and is fenced.
Outdoor pleasures are numerous.
Outdoor plumbing is a good sign.
Some outdoor pollutants can also become indoor pollutants.
Outdoor polo is played with four riders per team.
Outdoor ponds provide seawater habitats for controlled experiments.
Outdoor pool has a lift.
Outdoor pool opens.
Outdoor pools operate from Memorial Day through Labor Day.
More outdoor pools are visible and in use in several direction.
Most outdoor pools are only open during the summer monthes due to the cold weather.
Outdoor positions are extremely limited.
Outdoor pots can still invade garden beds if they sit on top the soil.
Outdoor practice is held once a week in the fall and spring.
Outdoor practices begin once the weather permits.
Outdoor problems are easy to exaggerate.
Outdoor programs are rain or shine.
Outdoor programs can stimulate students visually and mentally.
Outdoor programs give students the opportunity to experience nature through a variety of offerings.
All outdoor programs are subject to the weather.
Outdoor programmes offer a potent method to look at the human processes.
Outdoor promotions are an excellent way to reach travelers, often with many repeat readers.
Outdoor promotions is an area that is often under-used but still successful.
Outdoor pursuits needs a senator on the search committee.
Outdoor rabbits become bored and depressed from isolation.
Some outdoor rabbits avoid death by predator or the other risks mentioned.
Outdoor racks are also available around the Hall.
Outdoor receptions are our specialty.
Outdoor recreation abound for every enthusiast.
Outdoor recreation abounds as well, from golf to biking to boating to hiking to hot air ballooning.
Outdoor recreation abounds here in the Cape.
Outdoor recreation abounds in beautiful Colorado.
Outdoor recreation abounds in nearby state forest and parks with several large lakes.
Outdoor recreation abounds in Portland, in Oregon and in the Pacific Northwest.
Outdoor recreation abounds in the area.
Outdoor recreation abounds.
Outdoor recreation can also help to prevent diseases that are related to modern lifestyles.
Outdoor recreation can expose the hiker, climber and paddlesport enthusiast to hazards and danger.
Outdoor recreation contributes to people's overall well-being and good health.
Outdoor recreation goes hand in hand with stewardship of our natural heritage.
Outdoor recreation has a big impact on the economy.
Outdoor recreation has inherent risks.
Outdoor recreation includes basketball, soccer, softball and volleyball.
Outdoor recreation includes boating, fishing, swimming, and harness racing.
Outdoor recreation includes canoeing down the number one scenic stream in the state, Sugar Creek.
Outdoor recreation includes skiing, hiking, biking, camping, golfing, hunting, and fishing.
Outdoor recreation includes swimming, rowing, tennis, softball, volleyball and hikes on the rocks.
Outdoor recreation includes swimming, rowing, tennis, softball, volleyball, and hikes on the rocks.
Outdoor recreation is a favorite pastime of area residents and visitors.
Outdoor recreation is a key component of our journeys.
Outdoor recreation is a major feature of Utah.
Outdoor recreation is a seasonal sport.
Outdoor recreation is a vital part of Portland culture.
Outdoor recreation is a year-round possibility.
Outdoor recreation is abundant and includes fishing, boating, and camping.
Outdoor recreation is also prevalent.
Outdoor recreation is an important part of our quality of life and civic identity.
Outdoor recreation is available year-round.
Outdoor recreation is definitely big business in Mississippi.
Outdoor recreation is dependent on a healthy and attractive environment.
Outdoor recreation is enjoyed by a wide cross-section of the American public.
Outdoor recreation is enjoyed by children of all ages, especially during the hot summer months.
Outdoor recreation is enjoyed year round due to Orange City's mild climate.
Outdoor recreation is excellent because of the vast wooded areas and many lakes and rivers.
Outdoor recreation is exceptional.
Outdoor recreation is extremely popular in Colorado, particularly in Boulder.
Outdoor recreation is increasingly important to the citizens of the state of Washington.
Outdoor recreation is limitless.
Outdoor recreation is more popular now than ever before.
Outdoor recreation is part of daily living for Hartford area families.
Outdoor recreation is part of our everyday life.
Outdoor recreation is particularly enjoyable due to the mild Florida climate.
Outdoor recreation is plentiful with plenty of city amenities.
Outdoor recreation is plentiful with various venues for hiking, rafting, camping, and fishing.
Outdoor recreation is plentiful.
Outdoor recreation is possible all year.
Outdoor recreation is severely limited.
Outdoor recreation is the best reason to visit.
Outdoor recreation is what attracts most folks to the area.
Outdoor recreation leads to a better quality of life physically, mentally, and socially.
Outdoor recreation offers a generalist approach that can lead to a variety of outdoor career tracks.
Outdoor recreation provides thriving business opportunities.
Outdoor recreation spans a variety of interests, tastes and goals.
All outdoor recreation causes impacts to the ecological systems within which it occurs.
Outdoor resin gives great detail.
Outdoor restaurants overlook the watercourse.
Outdoor restrooms are available.
Outdoor rhubarb is a little darker in color.
Outdoor rhubarb is a little darker in colour.
All outdoor rinks are now open for the season.
Outdoor roaches are called feral cockroaches.
Outdoor rooms are different from ordinary rooms.
Outdoor rooms are the same.
All outdoor rooms are spacious with balconies offering a spectacular view.
Outdoor scenes can use a string or long measuring tape as the reference or base line.
Outdoor scenes fare the best, which are bright and cheery.
Outdoor scenes sound like they are actually taking place outdoors.
Outdoor school provides students a chance to become involved with the environment.
Outdoor sculpture continues to proliferate throughout the boroughs.
Outdoor sculpture offers interdisciplinary opportunities for all areas of study.
Outdoor sculptures depict a ranger and a drover.
Outdoor sensors operate on solar power and send a radio signal to the display panel.
Outdoor sensors operate via an exterior wired probe.
Outdoor sessions emphasize learning the night sky and hands-on use of telescopes.
Outdoor settings are also suitable.
Outdoor setups are about the size of children's wading pools.
Outdoor shots are especially lyrical, with buggies traveling through fields.
All outdoor shows are weather permitting.
Outdoor sites are one meter square quadrants.
Most outdoor sites are fine for a small group.
Outdoor smoking is permitted only in designated areas where outdoor ashtrays are provided.
Outdoor smoking is permitted.
Outdoor soccer goes indoors in the winter.
Outdoor soccer is a midweek lunchtime highlight at work.
Outdoor soccer is more fluid.
Outdoor soccer is the true sport.
Outdoor soil can harbor fungus spores.
Outdoor soil is too heavy and too compact for good air circulation.
Outdoor sources can also contribute to indoor exposures when windows are open.
Outdoor space is adequate in size and has enough equipment and activity choices.
Outdoor spaces are a different story, say legal experts.
Outdoor spaces are equally flexible.
Outdoor spaces are important to the design, providing a dining terrace and fountain for the owners.
Outdoor spaces are just as important as interior rooms.
Outdoor spaces are key as well.
Outdoor spaces are the size of two car parking spaces.
Outdoor spaces feel peaceful and serene.
Outdoor spaces provide no enclosure of any kind.
More outdoor space is left open for nature, instead of being filled with great mountains of trash .
Most outdoor spaces are passageways rather than places to gather.
Outdoor speakers add a sound dimension.
Most outdoor speakers come with basic mounting hardware.
An outdoor sport is a sport
Outdoor sport is the science to raise spirits.
Outdoor sports abound.
Outdoor sports are available year round, thanks to South Florida's temperate climate.
Outdoor sports are prevalent and easily accessible year round.
Outdoor sports are sports.
Outdoor sports draw nearly as many visitors to the city as the local sightseeing attractions.
Outdoor sports is a way of life.
Any outdoor sport comes with risks, and caving is no exception.
Any outdoor sport is inherently riskier than, say, watching television.
Every outdoor sport is featured here.
Most outdoor sports have equipment provided for, excluding appropriate clothing wear for that sport.
Outdoor sportsmen can find hunting and fishing opportunities in Iron County.
Outdoor storage invites dumpster diving.
Outdoor storage is intended to be minimal.
Outdoor storage is limited.
Outdoor storage is preferred.
Outdoor storage is to the side of the house.
Many outdoor stores offer a range of rentals.
Most outdoor stores carry many options.
Outdoor strings burn too hot for indoor use.
Outdoor studies show a freshness and simplicity.
Outdoor swap meet to trade, sell or buy just about anything from automobile parts to zippers.
Outdoor tables are available in nice weather.
Outdoor temperatures can vary drastically nearly everywhere, summer, fall, winter and spring.
Outdoor terraces extend the museum's top level with sunlight and views.
Outdoor tests take too long, often stretching for several years.
Outdoor theater features rock, jazz, comedy, blues, folk, and international music.
Outdoor theatres provide excellent entertainment.
Outdoor times are less meaningful.
Outdoor toilets are available.
Outdoor tones replace the blacks and neutralized shades of the earlier portrait.
Most outdoor tournaments are grass doubles, triples and fours.
Outdoor toys are good to bring.
Outdoor Toys Have fun launching an historic experimental model rocket.
Outdoor toys stay outside.
Outdoor track is a important season because it offers closure to an entire year of competition.
Outdoor track is available when no classes or organized activities are scheduled.
Outdoor trampolines appear to be a necessity in the Salt Lake City area.
Outdoor trapping is often more effective in reducing the numbers of breeding pairs of geckos.
Outdoor trees require fortnightly fungicide sprays to guard against peach leaf curl.
Outdoor use is discouraged.
Outdoor use prevents boredom associated with conventional exercisers.
Outdoor ushers are on hand each week to assist with parking and locating classes.
Outdoor varieties are called ridge cucumbers.
Outdoor venues can accommodate as many as six hundred.
Outdoor venues have no walls.
Outdoor video looks much prettier than subjects shot indoors.
Outdoor videos are also available.
Outdoor volunteers are at work somewhere in the world virtually every day.
Outdoor waterfalls can have vastly different water requirements.
Outdoor weddings are a special temptation here.
Outdoor weddings are our specialty.
Outdoor weddings do happen in the winter.
Outdoor wiring is used where needed.
Outdoor work can be in all types of weather.
Outdoor work can involve cold, wet and dirty conditions.
Outdoor work is performed throughout the year, leading to exposure to all types of weather.
Outdoor work is required as well as seven day work weeks during the facility's operating season.
Outdoor work is surrounded by myths and misconceptions.
Outdoor workers are especially at risk as are vacationers who can receive very intense sun exposure.
Outdoor workers are used for bad weather.
Outdoor workers believe that's a small price to pay for their ongoing health and safety.
Outdoor workspace adjoining the art rooms provides a valuable site for outdoor extension activities.
Outdoor writers refer to the place with awe.
Outdoor writers seem to be obsessed with the subject.
Outdoor writers write stories.
Most outdoor writers come to freelancing already knowing how to hunt and fish.
Most outdoor writers write stories.
Outdoors business can link their existing websites to titles that best describe their services.
Outdoors colors are crisp and bright.
Outdoors equipment is quite costly.
Outdoors groups target off-road vehicles.
Outdoors lighting is good insurance against vandalism and theft.
Outdoors people face many hazards.
Outdoors scorpions hide in burrows, and under rocks, logs or debris.
Outdoors tables are very aimed.
Outdoors trails are a network of fun singletrack with a few stretches of easier doubletrack.
Outdoors vendors provide their own cover.
An outdoorsman is a person
Outdoorsman never seem to have enough available for late-season forays.
Outdoorsmans are people.
Outdoorsmen go for solitude.
Outdoorsmen looking for a traditional-style nylon rainjacket or shell have some new selections, too.
Many outdoorsman have misgivings about pistols.
Many outdoorsmen believe that unseasonably hot weather can delay the breeding season.
Outer agitation reveals inner instability.
Outer appearances reflect innermost attitudes.
Outer areas have cooking areas and performance spaces.
Outer areas receive more microwaves than the center.
Some outer areas remain very dark.
Outer armor makes up of bony plates.
Outer armor makes up of plates.
Most outer armor makes up of bony plates.
Most outer armor makes up of plates.
Outer back is fully upholstered, providing an added touch of color and softness to the workplace.
Outer background is black with gold border and gold letters.
All outer blessings are evident here.
Outer border has a continuous line design.
Outer border is a pierced brass heart motif.
An outer boundary is an edge
Outer boundary has local time variations.
Outer branches die and leaves grow only near the trunk.
Outer branches tend to be pendulous.
Outer branches tend to be somewhat pendulous.
Outer cap is hand-tightened.
Outer case is half clear type.
Outer casing can withstand knocks and stock load.
Outer casings are removable for washing.
Outer cells contain sinistrin.
Outer chamber has a side chamber entered through a recess.
Outer changes mirror inner expansion.
Outer circle has names of different whales.
Outer circle is red with a small black border.
Outer clothing needs to be windproof and waterproof.
Outer cloves are usually flat and wide while inner cloves are tall, narrow and concave.
Outer coat is long and coarse.
Outer coat is profuse and fine but never silky or woolly.
Outer coat is straight, harsh, slightly standing off body.
Outer coat is wavy or curly, but never silky.
Outer conflict causes war.
Outer container has irregular or asymmetric shape or has soft spots or bulges.
Outer container is shaped irregular or asymmetric or has soft spots or bulges.
Some outer convection generates fields.
Some outer convection generates magnetic fields.
Outer core is molten iron and nickel.
Outer core is oyster white - making the package more proffesional in appearance.
Outer cover is heavy gauge, reinforced vinyl.
Outer cover is machine washable.
Outer cover is made of durable duck fabric and heavy duty zipper.
Outer covering is vinyl with metal trim.
Outer curve denotes general thunderstorm forecast.
Outer disk is rigid but ideally very small in mass compared two inner two disks.
Outer doors leading directly to the parking place are much easier.
Outer ears have muscles.
Most outer ears have muscles.
Outer earth is a specific city where the author once lived.
Outer edge has a gold-like painted design.
Outer edge has another blue circular ribbon with a black background and border.
Outer edges are on right.
Outer edges are on the right.
Outer effects are one thing, inner effects are another.
Outer envelope has a grease stain in lower left corner.
Outer environment changes the oxygen demand.
Outer fabric depends on availability at time of ordering.
Some outer feathers have edges.
Outer fins extend above and below the flat.
Outer flaps meet.
Outer florets ca.
Outer foliage remains healthy.
Some outer garments are worn by ladies.
Outer gunwales finish off the trim and can be left open or closed with a cap rail.
Outer Island has a dock and is accessible by boat.
Outer Island is a very special place to explore.
Outer Island is remote.
Outer islands have small generators and some solar panels.
Most outer islands have medical dispensaries.
Outer joins come in two basic flavours, called Left and Right.
Outer joins have two sub types, right and left.
Outer joins return all the values from one of the tables even if there's no matching key.
Outer joints are full length.
Outer knowledge is objective, but inner knowledge is intuitive.
Outer lace helps keep pad in place.
Outer layer consists of chalcedony.
Outer layer is a shell, which blocks wind and rain.
Outer layer is color, inner layer is white.
Outer layer is made up of pectin or cellulose and inner layer is of cellulose.
Outer layer is polartec to keep out wet snow and water, but still breathable.
Outer layer is six bands.
Outer layer is three ill-defined bands of yellow and white strands.
Outer layer is two sets of white strands and two sets of yellow strands.
Outer layers absorb water.
Outer layers are bulky and take up lots of luggage space.
Outer layers are parkas or pants of thickly quilted down, with a nylon shell covering.
Outer layers are planetary nebula.
Outer layers heat and expand.
Outer layers stay cooler than the center and cause uneven kill of disease organisms.
Most outer layers absorb water.
Some outer layers are made of collagen.
Some outer layers become ectoderms.
Some outer layers become placentas.
Some outer layers form zones.
Some outer layers protect central areas.
Some outer layers protect eyes.
Some outer layers protect nursery areas.
Outer leaves are apt to be bitter and usually are discarded.
Outer leaves are larger, darker and softer.
Outer leaves become riddled with small irregular holes.
Outer leaves are larger and more mature.
Outer leaves are light green with a white midrib.
Outer leaves become yellow and twisted.
Outer leaves develop first and to largest size, inner leaf stems are smaller and more succulent.
Outer leaves have a bronzed, reddish, or purple color.
Outer leaves lie flat on the ground and become darker green than normal.
Outer leaves turn dark brown along margins and between the veins.
Outer lid allows for pouring or straining.
Outer liners are easy to remove for laundering.
Outer loop goes through every slide in the Active presentation.
Outer lots provide ample parking space but do require long walks or a wait on the shuttle.
Outer margin is indented below tip of forewing.
Outer margins are particularly useful for page-wise titles, etc.
Outer margins are very small.
Outer marker is seven miles.
Outer mat is black brushed suede.
Outer mat is blue brushed suede with silver and light blue fillets.
Outer mat is dark blue suede.
Outer mat is dusty blue brushed suede.
Outer mat is dusty green brushed suede.
Outer mat is navy blue brushed suede.
Outer mat is neutral in tone with inner mats complimentary to the image.
Outer mat is royal blue brushed suede with gold fillet and accents.
Outer mat is velvet wine brushed suede.
Outer mat is warm grey brushed suede with black suede inner mat, with silver fillet.
Outer mat is warm grey brushed suede with blue fillet.
Outer mat is warm grey brushed suede.
Outer mat is white brushed suede with gold fillet.
Outer mat is white brushed suede with navy fillet.
Outer mat is white brushed suede.
Outer mat is white suede with blue fillet.
Outer mat is wine colored brushed suede.
Outer material is tough black Ballistic nylon with heavy duty zippers.
Outer membrane is similar to the plasma membrane.
Some outer membranes cover eyes.
Outer netting is the most snag resistant netting available.
Outer numbers represent the order of placing a cricket in each radial sector for two minutes.
Outer pack has net pocket, vertical zip pocket and small top pocket.
Outer paper allows for printing, labels or handwriting.
Outer part is waterside town, the middle part is brick town and the inner part is earth town.
Outer perimeter is inked to demonstrate the margins of resection.
Outer petals are much paler.
Outer phloem is dead.
An outer planet is a planet
Outer planets are low density and large in size with a large gaseous component.
Outer planets lag behind due to sluggishness.
Outer plumage is close-knit to help keep the down underneath dry.
Outer pockets have space for folders, pens, and a calculator.
Outer portion gives rise to the embryonic stem.
Outer portion uses a clamping device for universal fit on all types of control arms.
Outer ring includes spider to mount crank arm and middle ring.
Outer ring is wrapped in leather and decorated with traditional beaded leather lace and feathers.
Outer rings are aluminum for lighter weight comfort in hand-held gaging.
Outer segments appear normal in terms of their order and length.
Outer segments represent deeper directory levels.
Every outer sense has an inner spiritual counterpart.
Outer sheath is pinpricked to avoid ballooning if any air seeps out.
Some outer sheaths contain chloroplasts.
Some outer sheaths have streaks.
Outer shell features optional upholstery.
Outer shell is amorphous silica, well formed crystals of quartz, calcite, and other mineral.
Outer shell is both waterproof and windproof.
Outer shell is built from common bricks.
Outer shell is carbon steel.
Outer shell is made from a durable black leather- like material.
Outer shell is split cowhide.
Outer shells can hold more electrons but are considered stable when they contain eight electrons.
Outer shells have higher energy levels and are characterized as being lower in stability.
Outer shells serve functions.
Outer shells serve protective functions.
Outer shells serve vital functions.
Outer shells serve vital protective functions.
Most outer shells serve functions.
Most outer shells serve protective functions.
Most outer shells serve vital functions.
Most outer shells serve vital protective functions.
Some outer shells act like mirrors.
Some outer shells protect larvae.
Outer sides are white gold with yellow gold center.
Outer signals are doublets.
Some outer skin has values.
Outer sleeve provides resistance to high heat and abrasion.
Outer soles have unique tread designs for different types of shoes and surfaces.
Outer space begins at that undefined point.
Outer space belongs to all mankind.
Outer space encourages curiosity as students explore the invention process.
Outer space holds mystery, but our own ever-changing planet offers a lifetime of study.
Outer space is a location
Outer space is a topic that is relevant to our future.
Outer space is a vast, airless void, with planets, moons, and other celestial bodies.
Outer space is another place robots can work.
Outer space is awash with deadly radiation that emanates from solar flares firing out from the sun.
Outer space is awful darn windy.
Outer space is black in a visible satellite image.
Outer space is black.
Outer space is filled with charged particles, electric and magnetic fields, dust and cosmic rays.
Outer space is infinites.
Outer space is inherently international by nature.
Outer space is locations.
Outer space is nothing but a breeding ground for even more battles in the future.
Outer space is outside the earth's atmosphere.
Outer space is really big.
Outer space is space
Outer space is space.
Outer space is the common heritage of the human beings.
Outer space is the largest desert.
Outer space is the largest global commons.
Outer space is the stuff of fantasy and intrigue.
Outer space is treacherous, dull and dark.
Outer space is vacuums.
Outer space requires rocket science, but garage space requires no science at all.
Outer strand is slightly longer.
Outer surface is asphere.
Outer surface is notched.
Outer surfaces can be unevenly and coarsely finished.
All outer surfaces are non-conductive.
All outer surfaces are washed and wiped down, the sink is scoured.
Some outer surfaces protect embryos.
Outer things are no longer of paramount importance.
Outer tissue surrounds organs.
Most outer tissue surrounds organs.
Outer toes have joints.
Outer toes have nails.
Most outer toes have joints.
Most outer toes have nails.
Outer tube remains in hole while sample is brought to surface by means of a wireline.
Outer veneer is available in light ash, ebony, red, walnut or natural cherry.
Outer walls consist of layers.
Outer walls provide the boundary, or pattern, of a house.
Most outer walls consist of layers.
Some outer walls become layers.
Some outer walls become protective layers.
Some outer walls consist of cellulose.
Some outer walls make up of phosphate.
Outer wires carry signals from the detector.
Outer yarns resist abrasion and grip load firmly, without damaging it.
Outermost layer is dentine surrounding an inner pulp cavity.
Outermost layers contain primary protective structures.
Outermost layers contain primary structures.
Outermost layers contain protective structures.
Outermost layers contain structures.
Outermost layers have bumpy texture.
Outermost layers have texture.
Most outermost layers contain primary protective structures.
Most outermost layers contain primary structures.
Most outermost layers contain protective structures.
Most outermost layers contain structures.
Most outermost layers have bumpy texture.
Most outermost layers have texture.
Outermost primaries have faint black smudges.
Outermost sheath directs path for nerve to regenerate if severed.
Outerwear patterns allow ease for the garment to fit over other clothing.
An outfall is an opening
Outfalls are the most important part of any drainage.
Outfalls located on the open coast show a less dramatic decrease in contaminants.
An outfield is a tract
Outfield has an area where fans can watch for free.
Outfield is outfield, just run and catch it.
An outfielder is a fielder
Outfielder throws at cut-off person's head.
Outfielders also have to deal with the wind and the sun.
Outfielders are baseball players.
Outfielders are fielders.
Outfielders are the right fielder, the center fielder, and the left fielder.
Outfielders count on the ball dropping a little more vertically when it arrives on Earth.
Outfielders do a good job of cutting balls off and playing balls off of the wall.
Outfielders survey the distance to the wall.
Outfielders tangle themselves on that play when they start off on the wrong foot.
All outfielders have priority over all infielders.
An outfit is an unit
Outfit consists of pullover, pants, cap and socks.
Outfit isa clothes.
Outfit isa clothing.
Outfits are a key part of the band's identity.
Outfits are attire.
Outfits are available to celebrate holidays and special events.
Outfits are located in closets.
Outfits are money-eaters.
Outfits are now available for dogs of all sizes, and in some cases, for cats as well.
Outfits are of velour and come in varying colors with each doll.
Outfits are subject to availability.
Outfits are units.
Outfits can be very simple or very elegant and elaborate.
Outfits even come with matching headbands, scrunchies, barrette and denim caps.
Outfits have (part) sections.
Outfits have to send a message and identify persons as to who they are and what they are all about.
Outfits ranging in design from latex to body-paint appear.
All outfits are subject to administrative discretion.
All outfits come in black, blood-red, cobalt and avocado to take women from spring to fall.
All outfits come in white or denim-dyed colors.
All outfits come with a matching head wrap or open crown head wrap, as indicated.
Every outfit has a card explaining who wore what and a little bit of history behind the garment.
Every outfit is handmade by the members of the group.
Every outfit is high-quality and tr s chic.
Many outfits are strapless, show the midriff, then end at the top of the thigh.
Many outfits are very old and handed down through generations.
Many outfits offer affiliate programs.
Most outfits accept credit cards.
Most outfits are suitable for children five and older.
Most outfits specializing in providing professional critiques charge a fee.
Some outfits also offer distinctive button accents such as flowers or cups and saucer.
Some outfits also offer limited insurance policies and supplies such as pepper spray and stun guns.
Some outfits are less clear-cut.
Some outfits consist of shirts.
Some outfits look good on paper right till the end.
Some Outfits require two or three DeeLeePoints if they are multiple matched pieces.
Outfitted clients are virtually guaranteed launches.
Most outfitter camps keep a lot of equipment and supplies on hand.
An outfitter is a store
Outfitter cooks gourmet meals and provides llamas to carry the gear.
Outfitter offers three sizes of portable solar panels.
Outfitter reserves the righ tto cancel hunts and refund deposits.
Outfitters acros the state can provide rental canoes, maps and aid with scheduling canoe trips.
Outfitters also offer shuttle service to the refuge.
Outfitters also supply the food, transportation and local expertise.
Outfitters are also a good source of advice about which rivers to attempt.
Outfitters are available to rent canoes, kayaks and rafts, and provide a guide.
Outfitters are available.
Outfitters are service companies.
Outfitters are shops.
Outfitters can accommodate large and small groups, beginners and aces.
Outfitters can help find a rental outlet near the starting point.
Outfitters dunk their life jackets.
Outfitters even offer snorkeling with dolphins and scuba diving with sharks.
Outfitters fill some trips years in advance.
Outfitters generally provide all meals during the trip.
Outfitters get no special consideration for reserving permits.
Outfitters get to have fun once in a while too.
Outfitters has a supply of wagons, wagon parts, wheels and chuck wagon supplies.
Outfitters is actually two buildings with a parking lot that is between the two stores.
Outfitters know the language, the culture, the history, and they have the requisite outdoor skills.
Outfitters lead llama treks through the scablands, home to desert songbirds, hawks, eagles and deer.
Outfitters offer a host of options to venture away from the highway for true wilderness experiences.
Outfitters offer guided horseback treks into wilderness areas.
Outfitters offer horseback riding, canoeing, river-rafting, and fishing.
Outfitters offer jet boat trips into the canyon, several departing right from the park s docks.
Outfitters offer many different types of experiences on their expeditions.
Outfitters offer mountain bikes, float trips and shuttle service.
Outfitters offer overnight float camping trips and day float trips.
Outfitters offer rafting trips of all kinds for all ages and abilities.
Outfitters offer snowmobile tours, heli-skiing and picnics on remote icefields.
Outfitters offer trips by snowmobile or dogteam and by boat in summer.
Outfitters provide helmets, lifejackets and paddles.
Outfitters provide lessons and expeditions to many of the state's most popular climbs.
Outfitters provide life jackets.
Outfitters provide tubes, guided raft trips etc.
Outfitters reserve the right to refuse trip participation.
Outfitters specialize in magical river trips of choice.
Outfitters still run the river today.
Outfitters store with canoe, mountain bike, cross country ski and snowshoe rentals and sportswear.
Outfitters treat their guides as independent contractors when properly classified as employees.
Outfitters typically provide full mechanical support-spare tires, parts, and such.
Outfitters vary in quality, and gear their trips to different demographics.
All outfitters issue an avalanche beacon, probe and shovel.
All outfitters provide equipment and experienced guides to ensure a safe and enjoyable trip.
Many outfitters advertise park frontage.
Many outfitters are available for the rivers.
Many outfitters offer a range of opportunities from drop camps to deluxe services.
Many outfitters offer canoe float trips of varying lengths.
Many outfitters offer hire some, groom goes free deals.
Many outfitters offer special programs for families or mixed groups.
Many outfitters provide fishing and canoeing trips on the Allegheny River.
Many outfitters rent canoes in the Sauk City area.
Many outfitters report that well over half of their business is now arriving via the Internet.
Many outfitters specialize in day trips.
Most outfitters allow early pickup - several days before the wedding.
Most outfitters also offer day trips.
Most outfitters can tailor trips to the needs and tastes of their clients.
Most outfitters conduct trips in more than one river area and provide a wide variety of tours.
Most outfitters demand previous experience.
Most outfitters have a list of recommended equipment.
Most outfitters offer courses as well as a progression of climbs to build experience safely.
Most outfitters offer trips geared to varying levels of experience.
Most outfitters prefer groups of four to eight persons, with most trips lasting five to nine days.
Most outfitters provide camping equipment and prepare all meals.
Most outfitters require a non-refundable deposit to hold a reservation.
Most outfitters sell a variety of first aid kits, and some sell stock to re-supply.
Most outfitters sell take-apart or very compact nylon or canvas chairs.
Some outfitters claim that they scout year round.
Some outfitters expect guides to cook for clients.
Some outfitters follow principles of ecotourism more closely than others.
Some outfitters have large staffs, dozens of horses and big camps.
Some outfitters offer transportation of clients and supplies by snowmobile as well.
Some outfitters operate mostly on weekends or as a second job.
Outfitting are arming.
Outflow boundaries are a result of the rush of cold air as a thunderstorm moves overhead.
Outflow deposits are very thin.
Outflow winds are a major hazard, exacerbated by the scarcity of safe landing spots.
Outflow winds are apparent near the surface on the left side of the picture.
Outflow is a run
Outflow is also critical for menstrual efflux.
Outflow is flow.
Outflow is through an outflow valve to the deep vein segment above.
Outflows are generally the result of paying expenses.
Outflows are mainly for external debt servicing.
Outflows are mainly payments for external debt servicing.
Outflows are therefore much more common than previously suspected.
Outflows can be more difficult.
Outflows remain concentrated among the Mutual Series and selected fixed-income funds.
Outgoing calls are also diplayed and memorized.
Outgoing calls are important, too.
Outgoing calls are just as simple.
Outgoing calls are quite expensive, but in most cases there is no charge for incoming calls.
Outgoing calls are strictly local and there are features for voicemail, and passwords for each user.
Outgoing calls are strictly local as well.
Outgoing calls cost, sure, but incoming calls are charged to the person making the call.
Outgoing Calls Listen for the dial tone.
Outgoing calls made by the witness involve additional factors bearing upon authenticity.
All outgoing calls are collect or credit card calls only.
All outgoing calls have to go through the international operator.
All outgoing cards go to the ARRL outgoing bureau.
Outgoing connections are now in 'shared' mode.
Outgoing correspondence consists of chronologically maintained carbon copies.
Outgoing correspondence is arranged in alphabetical order.
Outgoing correspondence is in alphabetical order by recipient.
Outgoing correspondence is interfiled with the incoming correspondence.
Outgoing display is free.
Outgoing email continues to perform normally.
Outgoing email goes out instantly.
Outgoing email is far more difficult.
Outgoing email works fine.
Outgoing facilities are collectively dubbed channels .
Outgoing faxes have tobacco chaw stains on 'em.
Outgoing flights have a higher flightpath than incoming flights.
Outgoing information is translated into digital.
Outgoing information sits in the buffer waiting for incoming to finish.
Outgoing leaders are responsible for submitting the periodic team progress report.
Some outgoing letters have replies attached.
Any outgoing link can at any time be the main destination.
Some outgoing links refer to the download section page.
Outgoing mail gets out anyway though.
Outgoing mail is forwarded to the mail server for delivery.
Outgoing mail is metered, including registering, certifying and insuring when appropriate.
Outgoing mail is more tricky.
Outgoing mail is picked up at the same time.
Outgoing mail is picked up daily from the mail slots located next to the mailboxes.
Outgoing mail is picked up daily, except Sundays and holidays, from all locations.
Outgoing mail is picked up on the delivery rounds and taken to the mail room for processing.
Outgoing mail is picked up on the delivery rounds and taken to the mailroom for processing.
Outgoing mail is picked up once a day.
Outgoing mail is picked up regularly from each patient care unit.
Outgoing mail is picked up twice daily across campus.
Outgoing mail is picked up, sorted, and metered twice daily.
Outgoing mail is placed in designated mail slots for Fremont-only and other locations.
Outgoing mail is processed on a daily basis.
Outgoing mail is queued to be sent during the next scheduled connection.
Outgoing mail is sorted, bundled, bagged, tagged, and delivered to the post office.
Outgoing mail is stamped and posted.
Outgoing mail is stored in the personal e-mailbox of the person who sent it.
Outgoing mail is weighed, metered, and delivered to the postal drop box.
All outgoing mail is charged back to the originating department.
All outgoing mail is picked up daily in each department by the mail courier.
All outgoing mail is queued in a holding file.
All outgoing mail is Routed.
All outgoing mail leaves the building twice daily from the same receptionist's area.
All outgoing mail uses the smtp server at co.clark.nv.us.
Outgoing materials are usually prepared and packed within a day or two of arrival in Bind Prep.
Outgoing members are eligible for re-election.
Outgoing messages can be up to eight minutes long.
Outgoing messages require that the message be prepared correctly and that all addressees are valid.
All outgoing negotiations send the checksum.
Outgoing payments are by wire transfer only.
Outgoing references are references from the selected object to other objects.
Outgoing shipments are the sole responsibility of the exhibitor.
Outgoing students Provides students with accurate advice.
Most outgoing teachers are married and have families on a family health plan.
Outgoing tide is better on both bass and blues.
Outgoing tide seems to be the best for stripers and sturgeon.
Outgoing traffic is free.
Outgoing traffic is out of Arlington School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Central Valley School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Crescent School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Dayton School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Monroe School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Moses Lake School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Mount Baker School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of North Franklin School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Orient School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Republic School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Summit Valley School District.
Outgoing traffic is out of Toledo School District.
Outgoing traffic is routed through multiple independent connections into the Internet backbone.
Outgrowth isa consequence.
Outgrowth isa effect.
Outgrowth isa result.
An outhouse is a building
Outhouses abound, with a bathhouses with flush toilets, showers and hot running water.
Outhouses are available next to the parking lot.
Outhouses are available throughout the parks.
Outhouses are available.
Outhouses are easy to build.
Outhouses are houses.
Outhouses are located in back of the huts.
Outhouses are prevalent, although a few septic systems are in use.
Outhouses are primitive wooden shacks set on flat ground, without so much as a hole dug in the dirt.
Outhouses are the only comfort facilities, no running water.
Outhouses are the primary means of sewage disposal.
Outhouses are universal.
Outhouses can be very useful, but, like many things, can get vandalized.
Some outhouses are very simple and built for speed.
Some outhouses really hang in there.
An outing is a journey
Outing has some physically demanding aspects.
Outing includes canoe and gear, instruction for the novice paddlers and guide.
Outing includes picnic lunch, refreshments and rum drinks and floats for non-swimmers.
Outing is a calf burn.
Outing is a corequisite to participation.
Outing is a difficult one.
Outing is a real pump.
Outing is a serious issue in a society that continues to deny gay citizens full rights.
Outing is designed as a family experience.
Outing makes rough, ragged edges arid causes hangnails.
Outings -An update on the field trip program.
Outings are a great opportunity to talk with and learn from some very knowledgeable fly fishers.
Outings are a weekly occurrence.
Outings are good if it is a team building experience.
Outings are highly structured and supervised.
Outings are limited due to the number of individuals receiving service.
Outings are open to non-members.
Outings are open to nonmembers.
Outings are the perfect setting in which to explore and learn more about the local culture.
Outings are to the pool or park.
Outings are usual to hundreds of other scenic places, spread all over the valley.
Outings are usually suitable for the whole family.
Outings are varied, including horseback riding, hiking, biking, backpacking and more.
Outings are welcome with prior booking.
Outings can include other schools, grocery store, park, and the beach.
Outings can range from an overnight trip to a full week.
Outings can range from two hours to two weeks.
Outings create a great diversion for overworked minds.
Outings involve a gentle walk of usually no more than three or four miles.
Outings provide relief from routine and are fun in their own right.
Outings range from going to the movies to biking along the beach.
Outings run a full spectrum from leisurely to more ambitious.
All outings are appropriate for the first time beginner unless otherwise noted.
All outings are free and open to the public, but space is limited and reservations are required.
All outings are free unless otherwise noted.
All outings are open to all who wish to participate.
All outings are strictly barefoot.
All outings have minimum and maximum numbers for group size.
All outings officially begin at the trailhead.
Every outing is successful if looked at correctly.
Every outing needs one designated person to attend that outing, and usually it's the sponsor.
Every outing winds up with a discussion of who ate more.
Many outings take place at some of the regions premier natural areas.
Most outings are open to both members and non-members.
Most outings are quiet affairs.
Most outings happen on the weekend.
Most outings tend to include at least one pub.
Some outings are of several days length.
Some outings have a prerequisite fitness level which the participant is responsible for having.
Some outings limit the number of participants.
Some outings require a mandatory pre-trip meeting.
Some outings require advance reservations at the destination site as well as from the participant.
Outland recognises that every organisation is different and has different development needs.
An outlander is a traveler
Outlander is just a complete blast to play.
Outlandish ideas evolve here.
Outlandish insinuations are quite another matter.
Outlaw clubs celebrate freedom, nonconformity to mainstream culture, and loyalty to the biker group.
Outlaw platoon conducts baton training.
Outlaw ranchers refuse to return cattle, despite federal prison threat.
Outlaw sensibilities beget their own spaces on the Net.
An outlaw is principal
Outlaw turns lawman.
Outlaws are criminals.
Outlaws are major beneficiaries of the national attack on smokers.
Outlaws are more than just men and women with the power to take from others.
Outlaws are partners here.
Outlaws are workers.
Outlaws begin to fight amongst themselves for the fortune in gold they teamed-up to steal.
Outlaws can live on liquor alone.
Outlaws do respond to community outrage.
Outlaws does that.
Outlaws hide and are never found.
Outlaws hold up the bus and take charge.
Outlaws interstate transportation of wagering paraphernalia such as numbers slips . . .
Outlaws reverse engineering.
Outlaws still ambush cattle drives.
Some outlaws are even pretty smart.
Outlawed transvestites don makeup for a clandestine show.
Outlay is a payment
Outlays are the actual amounts of funding spent in a specific fiscal year.
Outlet drainage is the major concern.
All outlet dresses are in stock and usually ship the next business day.
Outlet glaciers extend into fjords in Chile and into lakes in Argentina.
Outlet incontinence is also due to pelvic floor laxity and urethral hyperactivity.
Outlet items are factory seconds, discontinued or showroom samples.
Outlet obstruction is common in men because of prostate troubles.
Outlet orders are CASH ONLY and are subject to a convenience charge.
Outlet pipes can direct vapors to some appropriate area for discharge.
Outlet shopping begins in nearby West Ocean City.
Outlet shopping is abundant as well.
Outlet shopping is also very popular in the areas surrounding Boston.
Outlet shopping is highly recommended.
Outlet store opens in Norfolk, Virginia.
Outlet store opens in Virginia Beach to sell overstocked and discontinued products.
Outlet stores are basically a clearinghouse for last year's styles.
Outlet stores are just down the highway about two hours for serious shoppers.
Outlet stores are retail stores.
Outlet stores feature brand-name clothing, footwear, home accessories and more.
All outlet stores carry past-season styles of bridal gowns, bridesmaids dresses and accessories.
Most outlet stores arrange clothes by type and size, but some sort by style also.
An outlet is an establishment
Outlet isa structure.
Outlet lists new items daily.
Outlets accept cash only, and there is a service charge.
Outlets adjust for selective directional flow.
Outlets are a viable alternative to regional malls and offer consumers true one-stop shopping.
Outlets are available for each compartment for easy recharging.
Outlets are available for walls, headwalls, consoles, ceiling and ceiling columns.
Outlets are available with a single jack, and with useful combinations of jacks.
Outlets are backstage right, centre stage, and the booth.
Outlets are branches and run by systemwide policies.
Outlets are European style sockets, accepting plugs with two rounded pins.
Outlets are few, and the collection process is cumbersome and overly complex.
Outlets are for flat shafts.
Outlets are for rounded, two prong plugs.
Outlets are of the three-hole, grounding type.
Outlets are often a combination of type A and C and can accept either type plug.
Outlets are small and subtle, blend into any d cor and avoid stains once caused by metal registers.
Outlets are subject to change without notice.
Outlets are the same way.
Outlets are usually configured in a series of troughs, or weirs, that provide a large Ac.
Outlets are usually easy to find.
Outlets are walk up sales and accept cash only.
Outlets below are the most central.
Outlets Check for outlets that have loose-fitting plugs, which can overheat and lead to fire.
Outlets fit the three pronged, angled configuration plugs, as used in Australia and New Zealand.
Outlets have (part) bases.
Outlets have (part) sections.
Outlets have differences.
Outlets have energy.
Outlets have sockets.
Outlets maintain sheetflow distribution, water level and monitor flow and water quality.
Outlets minutes away.
Outlets offer quality gasoline and convenience.
Outlets provide the most versatile voice and data wall outlet systems available today.
Outlets reclaim low-price title from retail As bargain prices vanish, discounters regain shoppers.
Outlets sell newspapers.
Outlets snap perpendicular to the wall.
Outlets take a plug with two round pins.
Outlets take cash only.
Outlets always seem unpredictable.
All outlets are balanced.
All outlets are fully programmable to be switched, switched with delay, or unswitched.
All outlets are open year round.
All outlets run to the Central Hub.
Every outlet is independently and directly wired to the patch panel.
Many outlets are out of stock.
Many outlets cater to specific tastes.
Many outlets like to be pitched right through the website.
Many outlets like to be pitched through the website itself.
Many outlets sell salads.
Many outlets still rely on financial support from politicians or international donors.
More outlets require more staff and competition.
Most outlets are mere tabloids.
Most outlets have differences.
Most outlets have energy.
Most outlets have sockets.
Most outlets sell newspapers.
Some outlets are a combination of type A and C and can accept either type plug.
Some outlets are open by appointment only, so be sure to call ahead.
Some outlets even offer discount tickets to special museum events.
Some outlets ever offer free pick up.
Some outlets have great deals.
Some outlets have prongs.
Some outlets keep records of what they have ordered.
Some outlets open daily.
Some outlets require a minimum purchase for the offer to apply.
Outlier detection requires an estimate of the standard deviation.
Outlier finding has no model.
An outlier is deviation
Outliers appear as deviations from the linear locus.
Outliers are anomalous values in the data.
Outliers are data that are far away from the central tendency of the data.
Outliers are deviation.
Outliers are often just errors in data entry.
Outliers are residents.
Outliers are the points in the data set that lie out side the box and whisker plot.
Outliers are values that are unusually far from the trend curve - i.e.
Outliers can distort the mean difference and the t statistic.
Outliers can greatly affect the magnitudes of correlation coefficients.
Outliers can occur for total sales, and therefore the median is used.
Outliers can occur in many ways.
Outliers define how river inundation and poor sample preparations adversely affect the results.
Outliers exist with respect to the use of privacy policies.
Outliers is a term used to describe data points that are considered to be extremes in a set of data.
Outliers mark the edge of a cultural region.
Outliers tend to increase the estimate of a sample variance.
Outliers often result from special food stamp issuance in response to natural disasters.
Any outliers are in red .
Outline fonts are mathematical descriptions of the font that are sent to the printer.
Outline fonts consist of outline glyphs in a particular typeface and style with no size restriction.
Outline fonts have many advantages over bitmapped fonts.
Outline fonts represent each character mathematically as a series of lines, curves, and ' hints '.
Outline of topics is attached.
Most outline processors place a plus sign to the left of a headline when it's collapsed.
An outline is a boundary
Outline answers for essays.
Outline answers to possible questions and commit to memory.
Outline Applies a border to both the inner and outer edges of a character.
Outline approach for using energy capacity curves in the design of remedial densification programs.
Outline approaches used by Web proxies for maintaining cache coherency.
Outline appropriate antibiotic treatment for different etiologic agents.
Outline appropriate preoperative and post operative management.
Outline begins fully expanded.
Outline Below find the outline for the talk.
Outline below is our current product offering.
Outline Better define the scope and ultimate goal of the project.
Outline can function with very schematic pictures.
Outline can vary in width, and follows the shapes of the design.
Outline changes in population in postwar Europe.
Outline Consider the advertisement and makeassumptions as indicated after the advertisement.
Outline corresponds to the actual headings in the body of the text.
Outline covers the prices, local attractions, holiday homes, location, news and background.
Outline Creates a colored outline of the selected shapes.
Outline Describe the main ideas, characteristics or events.
Outline designs with felt tip pen.
Outline detail around reinforcement.
Outline details only.
Outline discoid, with small ears unequal.
Outline Distinguish the 'concrete' and 'abstract' theories of Judicial finality.
Outline Divide the class into four groups.
Outline edges of bag.
Outline edges with neutral tint.
Outline Elicits extensive portrait of a parent's knowledge and understanding of a specific child.
Outline elongate, longer than high.
Outline Establish the requirements for the creation process.
Outline Follow the guidelines below.
Outline Following is a tentative outline of the readings for the course.
Outline Generates a one pixel wide outline of black objects in a binary image.
Outline Give main points and essential supplementary materials in a systematic manner.
Outline Give the main features of general principles of a subject.
Outline gives raised segments filled with the background color.
Outline instructions The input signal frequency, in Hz, is typed into the text box.
Outline instructions The various filter settings are reasonably self-explanatory.
OUTline is anti-racist, woman positive, and values diversity.
Outline is attached.
Outline is complete and clear.
Outline is complete, clear, and detailed.
Outline is included.
Outline is incomplete or irrelevant to the presentation.
Outline is limited to two single-spaced pages.
Outline keelstips on hull.
Outline Learn fundamental networking concepts and practices.
Outline Make a preliminary outline.
Outline makes a hollow, outlined glyph rather than a solid one.
Outline map on reverse.
Outline Means to give a general summary .
Outline Means to give a general summary.
Outline needs and a schedule for development, purchasing and deployment.
Outline needs to be online for everyone for both projects.
Outline notes for Cold War.
Outline ovate when adult slightly higher than long, posterioraly slightly truncated.
Outline ovate, wedge shaped.
Outline plan to help patient resolve problem.
Outline plans for a public awareness campaign in support of the new holiday.
Outline plans for dealing with pen sanitation and disease outbreaks.
Outline plans for dissemination of project results and methods of assessment.
Outline plans for future development of collections.
Outline plans for future.
Outline plans for the coming academic year.
Outline plans for work experience.
Outline principles that define the biological level of analysis.
Outline Prints the condensed text content of the slides.
Outline Provides a large text outline area.
Outline Provides information on course policies, grading, tentative schedule, etc.
Outline reject areas on medium resolution photographs.
Outline rivers blue.
Outline Scroll down to view notes.
Outline shapes with solid lines, dotted lines, dashed lines, or combinations of dots and dashes.
Outline shows only the contours.
Outline steps for preparing for PhysEd class and note if any information is required for any step.
Outline steps to reduce their impact.
Outline stitches on each square and a flower quilted in each block.
Outline subovate distinctly longer than high with umbones towards the anterior part.
Outline syntheses for the following compounds.
Outline theeye in purple.
Outline traces for imagemap courtesy of mapedit .
Outline Welcome to the study of international law and organizations.
Outlines advantages small law offices have over large firms.
Outlines aims and beliefs, with events and resources.
Outlines also contains information about activities held by other groups and organizations.
Outlines also promote clarity and eliminate repetition of thoughts.
Outlines also support actions.
Outlines alternatives to commuting such as telecommuting, bicycling, and mass transit.
Outlines appropriate therapeutic interventions.
Outlines are a fiction writer's best friend.
Outlines are a great way to write scripts.
Outlines are accessible and easier to maintain than navigators.
Outlines are also good for organizing information and keeping related topics together.
Outlines are also highly desirable, especially if integrated into the text as section headings.
Outlines are also the best insurance against writer's block.
Outlines are another good method for note taking.
Outlines are available for all the presentations.
Outlines are boundaries.
Outlines are brief and mainly list topics.
Outlines are detailed so it is easy to pinpoint the topic of interest.
Outlines are due before the debate is held.
Outlines are due on the day the document is discussed.
Outlines are essential for establishing an order of presentation of ideas.
Outlines are for pros who give a set speech many times over.
Outlines are great ways of keeping information readily accessible.
Outlines are hierarchic.
Outlines are in the text.
Outlines are major aids to coherence and readability.
Outlines are nothing more than topic sentences.
Outlines are only available in the registered version.
Outlines are only useful because they help to organize data.
Outlines are particularly helpful for longer papers.
Outlines are plans.
Outlines are quicker to write, than full reports.
Outlines are subject to change until the first day of class.
Outlines are summaries.
Outlines are the most important organizational tool for all actors involved in documentation.
Outlines are the skeleton on which stories are created.
Outlines are useful tools in planning and delivering a speech.
Outlines are wonderfully malleable.
Outlines can be either hand-inked or Xerographically transferred to the sheet of plastic.
Outlines can be very helpful for establishing order.
Outlines can contain links to different types of application elements.
Outlines can provide focus.
Outlines causes and means to resolve interpersonal conflicts.
Outlines changes in school funding, student testing, teacher certification, and more.
Outlines detects what is happening on any workstation and if necessary, interacts with the user.
Outlines do work for some people, though.
Outlines equal effectively written papers.
Outlines help to organize essays, and well-organized essays can earn better grades.
Outlines help writers organize their thoughts.
Outlines needs and techniques for managing children's behavior in residential care.
Outlines objectives for the development of national public health.
Outlines plans for securing high achievement from low achievers and more.
Outlines plans to save Australia's threatened marsupials by poisoning cats.
Outlines possibilities for a protocol to the climate convention.
Outlines procedure for issuing an IASC standard.
Outlines progress from the general to the specific.
Outlines projects to produce it cheaply and store it efficiently.
Outlines research being undertaken into refereeing and monitoring the performance of referees.
Outlines research on a computerised dictionary project with languages of the region.
Outlines resume do's and don'ts and provides samples of resumes that have landed great jobs.
Outlines rise of journals and reviews evidence on bias in publishing.
Outlines rules for children participating in commercials.
Outlines rules for reporting special wage payments made to employees after they retire.
Outlines separate the junk from the good stuff.
Outlines steps consumers can take to avoid cramming.
Outlines steps for preparedness and lists resources.
Outlines steps in teaching the basics.
Outlines steps to help maintenance worker drive safely and defensively.
Outlines steps to minimize the hardship.
Outlines steps to take to escape fire safely.
Outlines take up most of the font file's size.
Outlines use of reading response logs and learning journals.
Outlines vary in detail.
Outlines work undertaken at the unit, advice for parents and relevant links.
Outlines often reveal mismatched or missing information, repetitions, or digressions.
All outline is done with one strand of thread.
All outlines are in .pdf format.
Every outline is distinct, every colour dazzling.
Every outline is required to include a bibliography of sources.
Most outlines cover two tapes.
Most outlines simply provide a skeleton of a hierarchy of major ideas.
Some outlines are detailed, others provide just an overview of the course.
Outlook express is an e-mail and news application.
An outlook is attitude
Outlook allows unrestricted users to copy, move, or delete public folders.
Outlook combines both email and calendar features into one application.
Outlook combines e-mail support with integrated calendar, contact, and task management features.
Outlook come to Washington.
Outlook comes with a few predesigned forms.
Outlook comes with several built-in views, as well as allowing for user defined ones.
Outlook comes with the most popular holidays already noted in the calendar.
Outlook compiles an outline of the project's status and puts it in an e-mail message.
Outlook completes any remaining installation tasks.
Outlook considers fax numbers to be valid e-mail addresses.
Outlook contains many features.
Outlook deals with items of information.
Outlook determines outcome.
Outlook does have a mechanism for starting an internet connection when checking for mail.
Outlook does it all and that it works ever is a minor miracle.
Outlook does more than just receive email and have neat signature files.
Outlook enables senders to receive confirmation of their faxes.
Outlook enables visually impaired people to read anything from canned food labels to maps.
Outlook express data consists of the several parts.
Outlook features a contact database, calendar, task manager and group-scheduling tool.
Outlook features research findings and other news related to reproductive health.
Outlook generates a simple table view with default fields.
Outlook generates and tracks Internet-standard read receipts.
Outlook hangs, too.
Outlook helps users communicate through e-mail and group scheduling capabilities.
Outlook installs itself as the e-mail client by default.
Outlook is able then to import the addressbook from Netscape.
Outlook is available in Chinese, English, French, Indonesian, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish.
Outlook is favorable.
Outlook is for light winds as a ridge builds.
Outlook is good for the main character.
Outlook is good.
Outlook is much easier.
Outlook is much more than just an email client.
Outlook is much more than just an email program.
Outlook is on everyone's desk.
Outlook is unfavorable.
Outlook is VERY slow, so give it time.
Outlook is vulnerable by design.
Outlook looks for custom administrative settings.
Outlook needs to modify a system component that another program is currently using.
Outlook now converts the Netscape mail items.
Outlook offers opportunities for writing, photography, editing, and designing page layouts.
Outlook opens a message window with the original message in it.
Outlook opens a new message with the initial one as an attachment.
Outlook plays the message over any PC with a sound card.
Outlook provides a great platform for scheduling and managing online meetings.
Outlook provides affordable computer training for everyone.
Outlook provides an option to work offline.
Outlook provides excellent tools for importing data from other programs.
Outlook provides many ways to programmatically access and manipulate items and folders.
Outlook provides no way to quote the original text of a message in an automatic reply rule.
Outlook provides predictions for monthly and seasonal temperatures and precipitation.
Outlook provides the necessary tools for a small scale court filing system.
Outlook provides two types of lists - public distribution lists and personal distribution lists.
Outlook reports one minor problem.
Outlook reports that no information is available for that user.
Outlook requires write access to open a .pst file.
Outlook rivals many of the other personal contact managers on the market today.
Outlook searches and displays a list of contacts whose addresses contain that text.
Outlook sets the security to match the original message.
Outlook shortcuts .
Outlook still needs a lot of work.
Outlook strips all leading whitespace from the original subject.
Outlook supports folders containing folders which also contain messages.
Outlook tries to update all rules on the server.
Outlook updates the subscribed newsgroup.
Outlook uses views to sort and organize items in a folder.
Outlook works well with a high-speed connection.
Outlooks are very different, so are the cultures, as are the wounds.
Outlooks do vary widely, and it is necessary to exchange views to help avoid unanticipated crises.
Outlooks range from a total calamity to no problem at all.
Outlooks remain optimistic for all loans types for the rest of the year.
Outlying areas are without any basic services.
Outlying areas boast large, modern shopping complexes typical of any large city.
Outlying areas have leveraged regional assets to create healthy start-up communities.
Outlying areas keep growing, with new communities and homes springing up all over.
Outlying areas offer a wide diverse range of places to visit and leisure activities to pursue.
Outlying buildings have some spaces for parking too.
Outlying businesses receive certificates of appreciation.
Outlying cities have higher fares.
Outlying communities have a school.
Outlying development occurs further out in the county on the main arterials leading to Oxford.
Outlying hospitals call for more transport teams.
Outlying islands are virtually crime-free.
Outlying islands harbor beaches basking in the sun and coral reefs teeming with marine life.
Outlying islands offer beach and resort activities.
Outlying islets shelter coral reefs pulsating with marine.
Many outlying lots are also free.
Outlying populations extend from southern Quebec southward to Georgia and westward to Minnesota.
Outlying populations occur in eastern Pennsylvania and western New York.
Many outlying properties offer complimentary van service.
Outlying regions can get even hotter.
Outlying residents haul water and waste.
Outlying residents rely on private wells and septic systems.
Outlying roads are often in poor condition.
Outlying stations have one company and one truck.
Some outlying stations provide free parking.
Some outlying systems are more restrictive.
Outlying torsions are thereby immediately detectable.
Outlying townships wield enormous home-rule powers to plan for growth without any outside oversight.
Outlying valleys are valuable to allow growth in areas that can support growth.
Some outlying villages have a weekly service.
Outmoded hardware is another problem.
Outmoded lighting wastes a lot of money and upgrades are less costly than replacing heating systems.
Outpatient care centers around a primary care model supported by consultative specialist.
Outpatient care includes casting, splinting, and proficiency in the orthopedic physical exam.
Outpatient care includes family practice, acute care, and multiple specialty clinics.
Outpatient care is a crucial part of the resident experience.
Outpatient care is also available at our other locations .
Outpatient care is an important part of patient management.
Outpatient care is an important part of the transplant patient management and follow-up.
Outpatient care is available at all of our outpatient facilities .
Outpatient care is available by appointment or on a walk-in basis.
Outpatient care is called ambulatory care.
Outpatient care is delivered in a private clinic setting.
Outpatient care is free for all eligible beneficiaries.
Outpatient care is identical to care for other thermal burns.
Outpatient care is integral to the appropriate management of patients with congestive heart failure.
Outpatient care is provided by several specialists.
Outpatient care is provided for acute and chronic illnesses and injuries.
Outpatient care is provided seven days a week, including holidays.
Outpatient care takes place in dialysis facilities all around the national capital area.
Outpatient clinic is held three half days per week.
Outpatient clinics are also available for medical follow-up care through physician referral.
Outpatient clinics are available in medical oncology, hematology, and bone marrow transplant.
Outpatient clinics are twice weekly.
All outpatient clinics meet with an attending physician.
Outpatient commitment interferes with people s right to choice.
Outpatient commitment is also a politically controversial topic.
Outpatient commitment is both empirically and morally controversial.
Outpatient commitment offers a less-restrictive alternative to hospitalization.
Outpatient department visits.
Some outpatient hospitals provide counseling services too.
Outpatient procedures are also less costly.
Outpatient procedures are generally more cost-effective for the patient and the healthcare system.
Outpatient surgery is both convenient and economical.
Outpatient surgery is outpatient care.
Outpatient surgery is recommended for severe bunions.
Outpatient surgery is surgery.
Outpatient surgery is truly a family affair.
All outpatient surgery is performed under proper Anesthesia.
Outpatient treatment allows for continuity in personal and professional life.
Outpatient treatment can also be in the form of individual therapy.
Outpatient treatment eliminates disruption of daily productivity.
Outpatient treatment is covered only if it is related to an inpatient admission.
Outpatient treatment is informed by the same foundation principles that shape residential treatment.
Outpatient treatment is provided at no cost to students.
Outpatient treatment is provided in the private office and orthopaedic clinic.
Outpatient treatment is starved of cash.
An outpatient is a patient
Outpatient based procedures continue to expand in number and complexity.
Outpatient helps that.
Outpatient is all other services, typified by the office visit.
Outpatient is covered very poorly.
Outpatient means outpatient drug free.
Outpatients are patients.
Outpatients attendance with home practice.
Outpatients can be supportive of the inpatients.
Outpatients can have the test done in the morning and go home later that day.
Outpatients can usually leave the testing center seven to eight hours after the test.
Outpatients comprise the majority of the treatment group.
Outpatients receive consultations during regular office hours.
Outpoint salmon bend.
An outport is a port
Outports share certain characteristics, as do farming communities.
An outpost is a post
Outpost carries a huge selection of computer game and entertainment games for computers.
Outpost carries a huge selection of game and entertainment software for PCs and all the consoles.
Outpost carries a huge selection of hardware and games for computers and all the consoles.
Outpost consists of a massive collectable exhibition of artworks.
Outpost contains extensive information on virtually every geographical area on the globe.
Outpost looks pretty good so far.
Outpost offers free overnight shipping, once the item is in stock.
Outpost scores a decisive victory, helped by free overnight shipping and quick email replies.
Outpost sells electronics for home and business.
Outposts are generally smaller than recognized settlements.
Outposts can spot a Syrian buildup.
Outposts Click here for outstanding walleye fly-in fishing outposts in Canada.
Most outposts hold weekly meetings for training, recreation, and Bible study.
An output device is a peripheral device
Output devices are as described above.
Output devices are available to prepare high quality presentation materials.
Output devices are machines that display information from the computer.
Output devices are peripherals.
Output devices are printers or monitors.
Output devices are things like the display, monitor, speakers, etc.
Output devices can also be files.
Output devices process digital information using a variety of processing languages.
Output devices send information to the outside world.
Output growth takes time.
Output impedance is defined and a method of calculating damping factor is presented.
Output impedance is very low so long lines are driven effortlessly.
Output lines begin in the first column.
All output lines end in a carriage return.
Every output line is preceded by a leader field.
Output parameters return the requested information.
Output records have four characters prefixed to the count field.
Output resistance is equivalent to the combined input resistance of the arms, head, trunk, and legs.
Output transformers are the cornerstones of any tube amplifier design.
Output value is used as weight at the commodity level, and value added the other levels.
Output values are the original input values.
Output values differ slightly on oil.
Output Achieves higher signal quality, with high resolution, crisp picture edges and clear color.
Output also features links to companies and news.
Output also includes predicted probabilities and predicted classification.
Output also is sent to the screen.
Output also present for a pulsed reset preamplifier during reset, and reset overload recovery.
Output appears in a new window for ease of viewing whole images.
Output appears in Distiller log file. .
Output appears in Distiller log file.
Output appears in four formats.
Output appears in the message window. .
Output appears in two files.
Output appears on the console.
Output are the typical things created by the transformations of the inputs by the process.
Output automatically restores to normal when overload is removed.
Output bounds for iterative solutions of linear partial differential equations.
Output bounds for reduced-basis approximations of symmetric positive definite eigenvalue problems.
Output bounds for reduced-order approximations of elliptic partial differential equations.
Output caching refers to the content generated by the code within the tag.
Output can also be in the form of an updated data set.
Output can also include a usability guide.
Output can be a file for input to other programs.
Output can be a list of integers dumped to standard out.
Output can be a normal text file or in tab delimited format for a spreadsheet.
Output can be a parse tree, or pseudo-English.
Output can be angle right, azimuth, bearing, or coordinates.
Output can be anything from html to blank lines.
Output can be either mono or stereo.
Output can be either on printout or monitor screen or both.
Output can be either to grayscale printers or to a color postscript device.
Output can be English, side by side parallel English and Japanese, or Japanese.
Output can be from either single or independent dual output channels.
Output can be graphical or textual.
Output can be in a wide variety of media options.
Output can be in columns or one filename per line.
Output can be in form of lists or mailmerge.
Output can be in printed format or as spreadsheets.
Output can be in real, imaginary or frequency, phase form.
Output can be in the near or far field.
Output can be print, fax or email.
Output can be quite good on very smooth paper, but deteriorates on rougher stock.
Output can be the total only.
Output can be to a file or to the console.
Output can be to the screen, to secondary storage or to some other external device.
Output can be tricky.
Output can be very high.
Output can control solenoid type of moving mechanism.
Output can control stepping motor type of moving mechanism.
Output can either be to the screen or to a file.
Output can go to only one file at a time, although many can be open.
Output can go to printer or to file.
Output can include proofing to a color device or separating the output to film.
Output can optionaly clear DSCPs.
Output can result as dates, times, floating point, or integer values.
Output can take form of products manufactured, goods sold and services provided.
Output can withstand high positive voltages without damage.
Output changes a pin's data direction to output.
Output comes in various formats, depends on the patent office.
Output comes through output devices such as the monitor, printer, and speakers.
Output comes to the screen and goes to the file also.
Output concerns all the state variables and most of the rate variables.
Output conforms to layout guidelines for short, such as they are.
Output consisting of magnitude and phase angle for the driving point impedance is produced.
Output consists of a list of building materials.
Output consists of binary files containing transverse velocity and displacement profiles.
Output consists of demonstrated working standards .
Output consists of high-quality match letters and maps.
Output consists of one line per file read.
Output consists of plots of the marginal PDF for each parameter.
Output consists of printed data compilations and magnetic media containing data.
Output consists of screen dumps of plots of cycle slip and ionospheric information by epoch.
Output consists of seismic section files, time-slice files, image files, and model graphics.
Output consists of the time phase plan and cost report for all components or a selected component.
Output contains the full name, telephone number and the internet address.
Output contains time, bulk kinetic and potential energy.
Output contours pass through or approximate sample points.
Output covers all crop and animal productions at a very detailed level.
Output depends on both current inputs and internal state.
Output depends on input.
Output describes any output the command writes to the standard output stream.
Output describes the on- screen output of the command, if any.
Output destroys any existing file of the same name without warning.
Output directories in previous tar format.
Output driven by monetary expansion and excess demand is one thing.
Output dumps to standard output, or outfile , if specified.
Output ends with a newline.
Output Execute the four test programs using the SlowDLX and FastDLX simulators.
Output falls a lot.
Output falls below the natural rate of employment.
Output falltimes slightly longer on wide output durations.
Output Following the header is a list of clones from the input file and the walking clones.
Output Following the header is a list of clones from the input file.
Output formatting Go backward to Input processing .
Output goes high when the magnet is removed.
Output goes to a location determined by the destination argument.
Output goes to a new window.
Output goes to a scrolling listbox, something like a console mode window.
Output goes to any postscript printer, including color.
Output goes to body changes, e.g., heart rate, blood flow.
Output goes to fontfilename .
Output goes to standard output.
Output goes to stdout.
Output goes to the same box as input.
Output goes to the shell window.
Output goes to the standard output.
Output has (part) sections.
Output has same length as modulus.
Output HTML to provide a year selection choice.
Output Identify the output devices used for document imaging applications.
Output includes a range of solutions.
Output includes all information normally shown on a turbine-cycle heat balance diagram.
Output includes all the regression statistics and matrices.
Output includes an energy and water balance of the soil surface and plant cover.
Output includes an executive summary, detailed cash flow report, graphs, and user notes.
Output includes chemical and physical properties and chemical structures.
Output includes circulation, visits to the library and reference.
Output includes decimal and hexadecimal error code values.
Output includes dimensions and other details in a well formatted report format.
Output includes each symbol's value and name, preceded by a key letter categorizing the symbol.
Output includes each symbol's value, type, size, name, etc.
Output includes high-resolution imaging.
Output includes metadata.
Output includes parameterized reports with subreports.
Output includes piping diagrams, output to custom word processor templates, and printed reports.
Output includes real time animation of crash avoidance maneuvers.
Output includes sheet products.
Output includes signal levels returned from jammers, target, clutter, and multipath.
Output includes television content, and corporate video work.
Output includes the local job access and earning data for disabled and nondisabled persons.
Output includes the probability of a hit.
Output includes wheat, barley, olives and dates.
Output is .BRIK and .HDR files.
Output is a BibTeX file.
Output is a consequence.
Output is a continuous range of concentrated or subdued lighting.
Output is a corrected value.
Output is a file describing depolarisation and repolarisation of the myocardium and electrograms.
Output is a file with the alignment of the sequences in a certain format.
Output is a list of files in which 'string' occurs.
Output is a list of loop-files.
Output is a list of time events of notes captured in time.
Output is a magnetic switch closure.
Output is a momentary switch closure activated by each tip of the tipping bucket mechanism.
Output is a physical entity - a car, a lightbulb, a typed page, or a processed pay voucher.
Output is a pointer to an operand structure containing the computed value of the expression.
Output is a positive voltage when a signal is present, increasing with signal strength.
Output is a product
Output is a single line to the camcorder or sound system.
Output is a single value for each ligand molecule.
Output is a small printed paper tape.
Output is a strong management team and positive leadership culture.
Output is a switch closure for each bucket tip.
Output is a target list in the same format as the input list.
Output is a text file with tabular results.
Output is a voltage, which makes it easier to compare the performance to that of our chip.
Output is about one liter per minute.
Output is above average.
Output is accomplished by one of three different sized inkjet printers.
Output is achieved by declaring and initializing a variable out .
Output is all records on file and the form varies by the state or county accessed.
Output is also available as a computer-worded forecast for a region or a specific location.
Output is also flexible.
Output is also possible in .PDB format, a protein database format.
Output is always a function of input.
Output is always a true resistor.
Output is always floats.
Output is always in the latter of the given forms.
Output is always to stdout.
Output is always to the standard output.
Output is AMAfullbox.dat and oboxAMA.out .
Output is an action plan for getting there.
Output is an active high pulse of approx.
Output is an alignment-file again.
Output is an integer specifying the number of words found.
Output is annual units produced or served each year, i.e., widgets, customers, patients, etc.
Output is another story.
Output is appended to file .
Output is appended to the file.
Output is approx.
Output is as simple as saving a file.
Output is at an equilibrium when desired expenditure equals national income.
Output is at the collector.
Output is audio to speaker, or line.
Output is available as mailing labels or on disk.
Output is available for the screen, hard copy, plotting, and restarts.
Output is available from medium and high-end gray scale laser printers, and color printers.
Output is available in fixed or delimited formats with the day layout included.
Output is available in graphic or tabular form.
Output is available in hard copy and electronic formats in concert with online queries.
Output is available in numerous formats.
Output is available on labels, various tape formats, via ftp and email.
Output is available on paper or film from low to high resolution.
Output is available via the Internet.
Output is avaliable in many forms.
Output is back at potential output.
Output is balanced, low impedance and is protected against static and RF interference.
Output is based on relevance and can be set to detailed, compact, or count format.
Output is between ground and the toriod.
Output is both graphical and tabular, howing both profiling and system data.
Output is both the whole year in one file, and one file for each month of the year.
Output is by company, property or supplier name.
Output is by currency, and by time period within each currency.
Output is by time period, and by currency within each time period.
Output is captured and delivered to user in high-quality graphical reports.
Output is classified into categories listed below.
Output is clean and quite fast and the linework is crisp.
Output is compatible with other databases, spreadsheets and graphics programs.
Output is completely configurable.
Output is completely customizable.
Output is composed by a fine pattern of dots.
Output is continuous and can be automatically sent to a connected PC or a printer.
Output is controlled by a set of predicates described in the library reference manual.
Output is controlled by adjusting the flow of vaporized fuel that is forced through the burner jet.
Output is controlled by mixing capacity.
Output is controlled by mouse coordinates but also by the way the mouse is gone to that coordinates.
Output is controlled by the functional managers who also control the distribution of output.
Output is controlled by tube size, feed rate setting and rpm.
Output is coupled with a spool for oval track racing.
Output is current regulated with short circuit protection.
Output is customized to a specific request.
Output is data base compatable for furthur analysis or sorting.
Output is dbf.
Output is dc-coupled and controlled by a continuous baseline restorer.
Output is dependent on weather conditions and the security situation.
Output is different.
Output is digital video and analogue sound.
Output is directed through a word processor for a truly formal quotation letter.
Output is directed to standard output text files.
Output is directed to stdout and errors to stderr.
Output is directed to the interactive output window.
Output is discarded and input returns zero.
Output is discussed below.
Output is displayed as graphs with confidence bounds.
Output is displayed both in digital and high-resolution colour trend form.
Output is displayed in decending date order, i.e. the most recent references are on top.
Output is displayed in descending date order, i.e. the most recent references are on top.
Output is displayed in the interactive window.
Output is displayed in the table immediately following.
Output is displayed on terminal and written to a file.
Output is displayed simultaneously via techexplorer.
Output is displayed to the terminal. .
Output is displayed to the terminal.
Output is divided between capital income and labor income.
Output is elevation grid ready to be processed by the next step below.
Output is emailed to caller.
Output is emailed to submittor.
Output is excellent, focus is good and colors are right on the money.
Output is extremely voluminous.
Output is far more constructive.
Output is fed to the video system.
Output is file based and generated for each datasource a script runs against.
Output is final bandwidth sent to the digital samplers.
Output is FITS primary array or binary table extensions.
Output is flicker-free, progressive video.
Output is formatted in a manner which can be easily altered and reassembled if desired.
Output is formatted to save as HTML or cut and paste.
Output is from snort prettied up some.
Output is generated as described above for the command-line interface.
Output is generated at emergence, flowering, harvest and end of year.
Output is generated through bilateral matching of agents spanning a spectrum of types.
Output is graphical and tabular.
Output is graphical and very close to standard physics notations.
Output is graphical.
Output is grayscale or black and white.
Output is handles using an output stack, more of which later.
Output is held constant but the inputs are variable.
Output is high voltage high current bi-polar transistor driver.
Output is highly configurable.
Output is homogeneous across all firms.
Output is image where detected lines are drawn.
Output is important because it gives a sense of achievement.
Output is important.
Output is in a simple text format.
Output is in all capital letters.
Output is in boldface and input is italicized.
Output is in coverage.log.
Output is in file myprob.out.
Output is in hex, decimal, and volts.
Output is in HTML form.
Output is in html format.
Output is in lowercase.
Output is in metric units.
Output is in much more raw form that that presented on the Most Requested Series Page.
Output is in sectors and Megs.
Output is in staden format.
Output is in standard mathematical cycle notation.
Output is in tabular form.
Output is in the form of a compact HTML table.
Output is in the form of a fully linked browsable html document.
Output is in the form of a high resolution elemental composition mass list.
Output is in the form of attractive html forms which can be easily viewed from the program.
Output is in the form of beat clicks, midi clocks or tempo-map files.
Output is in the form of color-coded maps.
Output is in the form of files containing images.
Output is in the form of HTML pages.
Output is in the form of preformatted reports of hourly system performance.
Output is in the form of published questionnaire scales.
Output is in the traditional odometer style with a variety of fonts to choose from.
Output is in units of feet per minute.
Output is in various formats.
Output is in yards and meters.
Output is incomplete, inaccurate, or inconsistent.
Output is increased until any additional output reduces profits.
Output is incremental unless sorting is selected.
Output is information produced as a result.
Output is inhibited.
Output is interrupted.
Output is kept on a variable grid.
Output is left beside the printer.
Output is left in line-edit type mode for easy access.
Output is left on the printer table until the end of the day, when it is discarded .
Output is less than a typical laser pointer.
Output is likewise the same.
Output is localized for total efficiency.
Output is low intensity.
Output is made via punched tape, printed later character by character on the Flexowriters.
Output is magnitude information and is always in floats.
Output is measured by seasonally adjusted indexes of industrial production.
Output is monitored spectroscopically.
Output is monospaced text on an Web page.
Output is more verbose when sending mail.
Output is normal pulse.
Output is Normally High.
Output is normally upper case.
Output is on an HTML page which is easily viewable and printable.
Output is on magnetic tape or labels.
Output is one simple image.
Output is optimized for success.
Output is optimized for the browser being used.
Output is otherwise alphabetical.
Output is piped through more so that long descriptions can be viewed.
Output is placed in the customer's bin for pickup.
Output is placed in the customer's bin for pick-up.
Output is plain text suitable for display on a dumb terminal.
Output is plotted versus span.
Output is postscript file, thus printable anywhere.
Output is presented as a list table .
Output is presented in text and graphical forms.
Output is printed on both the front and the back of the sheet of paper.
Output is printed to the screen.
Output is printed to the terminal screen.
Output is processed using statistical and cryptographic methods, and passes any statistical test.
Output is produced by combining inputs of capital, labor and land.
Output is produced by intuitive interpretation of information.
Output is produced onto disk, tape, tape, terminal, or printer.
Output is production.
Output is products.
Output is proportional to the measured field.
Output is proportional to the pressure difference between the two input sources.
Output is provided by a series of graphs easily selected by menu.
Output is pulsed.
Output is queued for printing or plotting automatically.
Output is radiometric with power supply voltage.
Output is ranked according to relevance and can be sorted by confidence or site.
Output is ranked according to the algorithm's relevence ranking.
Output is ranked by relevance.
Output is recommended rate schedules per machine, and product mix, to optimize net income.
Output is recorded and various productivity measures are calculated.
Output is recorded on video tape or hard disk with voice comments and cart-position information.
Output is redirected to standard out.
Output is removed regularly and filed by the last two characters of the userid.
Output is rendered as a sequence of .bmp, .tga and or .tif files.
Output is returned to the depositor, and summarized in the associatedreport file.
Output is reviewed daily by senior officer.
Output is run through the pr command, which adds page headers and page numbers.
Output is scaled according to imax and imin val.
Output is scaled according to max and min val.
Output is send to subsets in a set.
Output is sent to a file called filename .cat and to standard output if the -v flag is set.
Output is sent to a file called filename .gsc and to standard output if the -v flag is set.
Output is sent to a file called filename .stars and to standard output if the -v flag is set.
Output is sent to a file called filename .uac and to standard output if the -v flag is set.
Output is sent to different files and alerts can be triggered on 'regex' match.
Output is sent to requestor via email.
Output is sent to standard output, which is by default the terminal screen.
Output is sent to standard output.
Output is sent to stdout.
Output is sent to the side where the pain is felt AND to the opposite side.
Output is sent via e-mail to the person who requested the report.
Output is set by unique front-panel lever switches which provide rapid, positive contact adjustment.
Output is set low.
Output is short circuit protected and can drive long cables.
Output is shown in nonbold, fixed-space font.
Output is similar, except that the direction of the arrows is reversed.
Output is similarly stable for most forest product producers.
Output is so good that the photographs can be displayed.
Output is so important because the industry today is supply constrained.
Output is sorted ascending according to keys.
Output is sorted by vehicle ID and time of day.
Output is sorted into bins, according the the print job's banner page.
Output is still at unacceptably low levels.
Output is stopped for that interface until the condition is met on the interface.
Output is stopped with stop character.
Output is stored in a file called lcase.cvt.
Output is stored in a file called rblank.cvt.
Output is stored in a temporary file, which is opened in a text editor.
Output is streamlined with automated hot folder operation.
Output is strong.
Output is suitable for mailing and for a fax on-demand type of service.
Output is tabular and predictions cover the current year.
Output is text on a Web page.
Output is the adoption of recommended financial management practices.
Output is the current project.
Output is the finished product of a mechanical system.
Output is the internally switched voltage.
Output is the last quick step in game interactivity.
Output is the number of homes serviced in hundreds.
Output is the plain text.
Output is the point where the power comes out of a system.
Output is the problem, or exactly said the lack of time.
Output is the reaction that the computer gives to the game player.
Output is the response, i.e., the return to normal.
Output is the result produced by a computer.
Output is the same as listed above with logo design-work.
Output is the same in the closed and open economy.
Output is the same, with added human intelligence.
Output is the score.
Output is the screen .
Output is the text, picture, graph or sound that is returned after it is processed.
Output is the variable terminaltype filled in.
Output is through the top two black holes, above the pintle.
Output is to .AVI files for video or .BMP and .JPG for still pictures.
Output is to a recon numbered one greater than the highest found.
Output is to any printer, or file on disk.
Output is to be directed to a file .
Output is to be limited to one copy of each document.
Output is to be the total cost and a description of the chosen route.
Output is to CD-ROM, or other electronic storage media appropriate to the application.
Output is to filehandle.
Output is to high resolution digital film recorders and to a color photographic printer.
Output is to regions involved with motor responses to emotionally significant stimuli.
Output is to screen and a bmp file, junk.bmp.
Output is to several data files that can then be viewed using gnuplot .
Output is to standard out.
Output is to stdout.
Output is to the computer screen and to log files.
Output is to the console for now.
Output is to the standard output.
Output is to the syslog if selected during configure, otherwise to standard error.
Output is to the terminal.
Output is too low.
Output is transformer coupled so that no direct current can appear at electrodes.
Output is under control of a timer.
Output is vastly more attractive than that produced by word processors.
Output is vector shp file with square cells.
Output is verified correct, separated and distributed to the appropriate user.
Output is very important in real-world applications.
Output is very smooth and nonpulsating.
Output is via a three-pin professional connector.
Output is via left and right balanced XLRs.
Output is via the tclLog procedure, which by default prints to stderr.
Output is written before the first and after each major time step.
Output is written in three files.
Output is written into a file named .poi.
Output is written only to the primary output stream.
Output is written through the pointer to either cout or the named output file.
Output is written to a file for later processing.
Output is written to a file.
Output is written to a single disk file or to stdout.
Output is written to standard output.
Output is written to standard.out .
Output is written to stdout.
Output is written to the default directory.
Output is written to the error out file.
Output is written to the primary output stream and the secondary output stream depending on options.
Output is written to the primary output stream and the secondary output stream.
Output is written to the primary output stream.
Output is written to the screen unless redirected.
Output is written to the standard output.
Output is written to three text files and one binary file.
Output is XML compliant and handicapped accessible.
Output isa artifact.
Output looks like the original form from the government.
Output mean waveform plots.
Output meets standards of job.
Output needs to evolve to muster up a visceral, textural sensuality to graphic imaging.
Output now allows a choice of number of digits to decrease the amount of text that gets returned.
Output now equals or exceeds the highest broadcast standards.
Output occurs as leading edge of linear input crosses the lower-level threshold.
Output occurs as leading edge of linear input crosses the window threshold.
Output occurs as leading edge of linear output crosses the upper-level threshold.
Output occurs through global data lines.
Output occurs when the content of one file is read or transferred to another file.
Output occurs when the contents of one file is read or transferred to another file.
Output only digests.
Output points through which the various messages are seen, heard or read by the visitor.
Output printed by the program is displayed in a box below the program.
Output produced by the servlet is returned to the web browser.
Output provides for three axes of rate and acceleration.
Output ranges from a few watts to more than a kilowatt.
Output refers only to electricity generation.
Output refers to the physical quantity of items produced.
Output refers to the total production of diverse crops and products.
Output reflects input.
Output remains predominantly based on small holder production.
Output remains small, and petroleum is a major import.
Output remains strong in most natural resource sectors, despite some decline in oil drilling.
Output Reports on the results of regolith related research.
Output requires a Postscript viewer.
Output responds passively to demand.
Output results for each file processed.
Output results in a form suitable for parsing by programs.
Output results to a tab-delimited text file for import into Excel.
Output See state and rate variables.
Output shown below is for the Fast Ethernet interface.
Output shows displacement and stress.
Output Specifies the output format.
Output still images for print or produce short animations.
Output streams Output streams are very similar.
Output takes the form of a concordance, a list, or a table.
Output then allows the user to set which printer was being used and any printer options.
Output There are new options on the identify command.
Output tracks the electric load.
Output turns down the output level of both the effect and dry signal.
Output Using coshell means nmake jobs are being processed in parallel.
Output varies along a hyper and hypospeech continuum.
Output varies as a continuous function of the input, i.e., computer program.
Output varies based on the remote system.
Output varies by duration.
Output varies from flurries to a blizzard.
Output varies, as well.
Output varies, too.
Output When called by a server, all data sent by the program to stdout goes to the client.
Output Writes a string of characters to the transmit buffer.
Output written to it is discarded.
Outputs also have an effect upon the dynamic.
Outputs also request headers as they came in.
Outputs are adjustable for other situations.
Outputs are agency-specific and quantifiable.
Outputs are always in phase.
Outputs are available with solid state, triac or relays.
Outputs are better employees, a satisfied campus, and enrolled students.
Outputs are blank pages.
Outputs are buss bar mounted lugs for bare wire connections.
Outputs are by runoff and evaporation.
Outputs are contingent on the inputs and the transformation process.
Outputs are current limited.
Outputs are different from outcomes.
Outputs are digital.
Outputs are direct products of a program s activities, generally measured in units of service.
Outputs are direct products of a program's activities, generally measured in units of service.
Outputs are direct-coupled, with no electrolytic capacitors to deteriorate.
Outputs are frequently misunderstood to indicate success of an organization or product.
Outputs are frequently misunderstood to indicate success of an organization or program.
Outputs are goods and services, decisions of the system.
Outputs are graphs of position versus time, velocity versus time, and velocity versus position.
Outputs are important for another reason, as well.
Outputs are in electronic message formats, hard copy, or electronic media.
Outputs are in the form of stand tables and stocking guides .
Outputs are integers m,n and w , the entries of the matrix ordered columnwise .
Outputs are lengthy abstracts with citations.
Outputs are likely in at least a local journal, conference paper or technical report.
Outputs are limited to five.
Outputs are measurable and guaranteed.
Outputs are measurements of the direct products of the program activities.
Outputs are numerous and afford a large potential for performance measures.
Outputs are quantitative.
Outputs are readable by any data logger with pulse counting capability.
Outputs are repeatable and formulas can be analyzed.
Outputs are reverse-terminated and mutually isolated.
Outputs are short circuit protected.
Outputs are short-circuit protected.
Outputs are students' ITBS scores for the current year in the current grade.
Outputs are the data or objects produced by the function.
Outputs are the goods and services that people use to satisfy their wants.
Outputs are the results of the team's work.
Outputs are the things which leave the factory.
Outputs are to be described as concretely as possible and in verifiable terms.
Outputs are to contain text only, no graphics.
Outputs are useful in defining what aproject produces.
Outputs can be analog or digital.
Outputs can be either differential line drivers, sink drivers, or source drivers.
Outputs can be normally open, normally closed, or latching.
Outputs can operate to no load with slight increase in specifications.
Outputs can qualify and be named as any one of several categories.
Outputs can withstand short circuits without damage.
Outputs changes with the lines drawn beside the numbers.
Outputs consist of authoritative actions and decisions.
Outputs delay histogram in destructor.
Outputs describes the different data model outputs and output tables.
Outputs file containing the fields inside the model.
Outputs focus on the level of activity in providing a particular service.
Outputs generated by each primary focus are discussed below.
Outputs have six dimensions.
Outputs lead to outcomes but the relationship is less direct than inputs to outputs.
Outputs lead to outcomes.
Outputs List the outputs from the system.
Outputs pulse at programmed times.
Outputs resultHandle the return result is either an error message or a handle for a query result.
Outputs results to a specialized web page.
Outputs show on motion graph.
Outputs switch the supplied control voltage that energizes or de-energizes the switching devices.
Outputs too are flexible.
Output always goes to stdout.
Output always is written to stdout .
Output always says how things are sorted.
All output generated by the job is placed in the log file.
All output generated is written to the screen.
All output goes to the current output file, which is initially the console.
All output is available on screen and can be printed.
All output is chargeable.
All output is confined to files.
All output is considered potential input to other routines.
All output is contained in a single graphic that can be exported to other documents.
All output is cut to size for a clean, professional appearance.
All output is desktop publishing quality.
All output is directed to standard out.
All output is displayed on the monitor.
All output is formatted for standardized, quick-loading web use.
All output is generated in the host platform's native character set.
All output is graphical, printed to the screen, or saved to external files.
All output is graphical.
All output is highly customizable.
All output is in hex .
All output is in Rich Text Format, which looks great.
All output is logged to a file called dbg.out .
All output is logged to syslog.
All output is placed in the file simusolv.log.
All output is printed on the screen.
All output is printed text.
All output is printed to the user's standard output device.
All output is recorded as to the number of pages printed.
All output is returned as text strings.
All output is sent to file.info .
All output is sent to standard output.
All output is sent to the standard output.
All output is single precision floating point.
All output is textual.
All output is to be returned to the terminal screen.
All output is to file descriptor fildes which is initialized for output.
All output is to standard output.
All output is to stdout .
All output is to the file.
All output is unformatted and flushed to the left.
All output is with formatted print statement.
All output is written into a logfile or sent to a printer.
All output is written to files or sent to stdout.
All output is written to standard output, usually the terminal.
All output is written to standard output.
All output resembles central reports.
All output sent to each console is written to that system's unique console log.
All output sent to stderr is logged into the system logs.
All output sent to the console is logged to a system log file.
All output then goes to the printer instead of the display until further notice.
All outputs are about the same.
All outputs are available from the back and front panels.
All outputs are calls to a gettext function which parameter is the message to print in english.
All outputs are current limited to prevent damage to the amplifiers.
All outputs are frequency locked together and to the input.
All outputs are frequency-locked together and to the input.
All outputs are generic to the product.
All outputs are independent of one another, and each line has it's own return.
All outputs are of class double .
All outputs are opto-isolated using a switch to ground method.
All outputs are relay isolated allowing control of most equipment types.
All outputs are reverse-terminated and mutually isolated.
All outputs are short-circuit protected.
All outputs are transformer coupled.
All outputs are transformer isolated.
All outputs change simultaneously in synchrony with data acquisition clock.
All outputs change simultaneously in synchrony with the data acquisition clock.
All outputs feature an externally controllable mix of local program audio and studio return.
All outputs have adjustable widths.
All outputs have independent timing adjustment with clock resolution.
All outputs have remote sense and are individually protected against overloads and short circuits.
All outputs operate simultaneously.
All outputs swing rail to rail.
All outputs withstand continuous short circuit and recover without a restart.
All outputs work at the same time.
Any output generated by the command goes to standard output.
Any output generated by the command is echoed.
Any output generated by the program is sent to the user's browser.
Any output generating by the external program is returned and printed by default.
Any output is redirected to filename.log .
Any output is send to math.out.
Any output is treated as an error and displayed to the user.
More output falls.
More Output Follows .
Most output is tabular.
Most output is written in files, but some is also sent to the user's terminal.
Much output goes to the terminal window.
Some output includes databases.
Some output includes experiments.
Some output includes lists.
Some output is lost as a result.
Some output is printed and plotted.
Some output provides heat.
Some output requires sources.
Some output shows breakdowns.
Some output shows evidence.
Some output shows patterns.
Some outputs are displayed as simple matrices, some others use a graphical application.
Some outputs follow.
OutputList option specifies parameters to be printed.
Outrage can be good.
Outrage can be satisfying, and it is also cheap.
Outrage coupled with amusement inevitably produces a degree of ambiguity.
Outrage goes only so far.
Outrage is a judging pattern that fails to accept reality as it is.
Outrage is a muscle long since atrophied from lack of use.
Outrage is a muscle long, since atrophied form lack of use.
Outrage is atrocities.
Outrage is best when used judiciously and directed at one's true adversaries.
Outrage is better.
Outrage is controversy.
Outrage is dead in America.
Outrage is inhumanity
Outrage is legitimate.
Outrage is normal.
Outrage is only the fuel for action.
Outrage is organisation.
Outrage is outdated.
Outrage is passionate anger at violence.
Outrage is the healthy emotion.
Outrage is the only answer.
Outrage is the result.
Outrage is the source of change.
Outrage is trouble.
Outrages go in the vile vials, disgust in the keck kegs.
Outraged citizens rush to donate blood.
Outraged opponents vow to appeal to the courts.
Outraged states begin to enact their own prohibition laws and form checkpoints at the state borders.
Outraged students protest.
Outraged students speak at trial .
Outrageous advertising is an obvious way to go.
Outrageous anger needs to be defused, righteous anger needs to be expressed in a constructive way.
Outrageous claims are the best clue .
Outrageous claims require outrageous proof.
Most outrageous costume wins two airtickets to Rome.
Outrageous excellence is better.
Outrageous illustrations add to the fun.
Some outrageous nonsense is published, but nobody seems to care.
Outrageous possibilities lie immediately at hand and are virtually only a toke away.
Outrageous possibilities lie immediately to hand and are virtually only a toke away.
Outrageous results are the norm.
Outrageous solution involves a human impersonation of the statue by the artist's model.
Outrageous wisdom is our specialty.
Outreach is a stretch
Outreaches are presentations by peers to community groups.
Most outreach is done through demonstrations at local schools.
An outrider is an escort
Outrider provides coverage of both the brigade and corps-division mission.
Outriders are bodyguards.
Outriders are important to the wagon train.
Outriders report transporter telltales on their sensors.
Outriders scatter some distance from the wagons.
An outrigger canoe is a canoe
Outrigger canoe rides.
All outrigger functions are fully hydraulic with integral cylinders.
Outrigger travelers launch from the beach.
Outrigger trawlers use outriggers , or booms, to tow the trawl .
Outrigger trawlers use vertical fish finders of different kinds, according to their size.
An outrigger is a stabiliser
Outriggers are adapted forearm crutches with ski tips mounted on the bottom.
Outriggers are an adapted version of a forearm crutch and a shortened ski or mini-ski.
Outriggers are another item often overlooked on small boats.
Outriggers are stabilizers.
Outriggers are unnecessary.
Outriggers are well suited for other applications.
Outriggers come in very handy for setting baits further apart.
Outriggers help the sit skier balance and steer in the same way an able-bodied skier uses poles.
Outright appeasement spoils the child.
Outright corruption is far from unknown in Washington but distressingly rampant in the states.
Outright corruption is perhaps the most pernicious effect.
Outright deception is easy to forbid.
All outright donations are income tax deductible.
Outright errors are rare and misprints few.
Outright fraud is only part of Florida's deeply troubled electoral process.
Outright genocide is one cause of language extinction.
Outright gift creates immediate income tax deduction.
Outright gifts are beneficial because they can be put to immediate use.
Outright gifts can provide current tax benefits as well.
Outright gifts Cash Cash gifts are an easy way to give.
Outright gifts continue to be an excellent strategy for passing on family wealth.
Outright gifts provide OEBS with immediately available and much needed investment income.
All outright gifts are deductible from taxable income.
Outright grants are awarded three times annually, release time is awarded twice annually.
Outright legalization looks to be as far off as ever.
Outright lies are rare in air travel.
Outright manipulations are the most blatant ways in which photos can lie.
Outright mistakes are to be avoided at all costs.
Outright owners are households where the reference person owns the home outright.
Outright ownership means buying a horse.
Outright persecution is no longer the issue.
Outright rejection is difficult to overcome, especially if no reason for rejection is given.
Outright second is up for grabs in an intriguing battle.
Outright theft is the first concern.
Outright violence gets the headlines.
Outright waivers are irrevocable.
Outserting equipment is available for top or side applications.
Outside access is available at the school for environmental studies.
Outside access is available in a few areas such as the Pit.
Outside access is available via ssh.
Outside access is forbidden.
Outside actions change because the inside person changed.
Outside activities abound during spring, summer and fall.
Outside activities are a tool to find and build future leaders.
Outside activities are more fun with a canine companion.
Outside activities are Track and Field and intramurals.
Outside activities are water skiing, surfing, and intramurals.
Outside activities are weather dependent and are scheduled all year.
Outside activities can be deeply rewarding and enhance self-confidence.
Outside activities can pull time, energy and focus away from academics.
Outside activities increase.
Outside activities insure that campers have a great week full of basketball and memories.
Outside activities play a major role in our lives.
Outside activity is almost entirely diurnal.
Many outside activities are available to students throughout the year.
Many outside actors make an indirect contribution at least to the preparation of future policies.
Outside advertisers display ads on our site.
Outside advisors assist many of the department majors.
Outside affairs throw off balance.
Outside agencies are in.
Outside agencies bring a tremendous amount of resources to schools.
Outside agencies can bring a lot of time and resources to a community project.
Outside agencies can either work with teachers or they can work directly with pupils.
Outside agencies can offer only assistance at best.
Outside agencies perform duties on university property only at the request of university police.
Outside agencies provide travel and per diem.
Outside agencies welcome.
Outside agency is responsible for unauthorized expenditures.
Outside agency takes over water system.
Many outside agencies offer awards to graduate students.
Outside aggression tends to strengthen communal ties against a common enemy.
Outside air comes in through open windows.
Outside air contains very low levels of radon, but indoors the gas builds to higher concentrations.
Outside air enters chambers.
Outside air enters the house through the vent.
Outside air is a bonus for several months of the year.
Outside air is a natural and efficient coolant, especially at night.
Outside air is cooled and humidified as it is pulled through the pads by the cabinet blower.
Outside air is drawn into house when temps get too high on bright winter days.
Outside air is employed for cooling when the temperature falls below threshold.
Outside air is necessary to dilute any contaminants that are present in the classrooms.
Outside air is pumped in and is liquefied cryogenically.
Outside air is used to control both the air and compost temperatures during the harvest period.
Outside air rushes to fill the straw and the connected balloon until the air pressure has balanced.
Outside analysts are much more worried about a breach in nuclear safety.
Outside analysts cite other suggestions for improving the performance of consortiums.
Many outside analysts see the administration's new, low-key approach as a turning point.
Most outside analysts agree that economic reform is essential for long-term recovery.
Some outside analysts concur.
Any outside animals disturb the campus.
Outside appearances mean nothing.
Outside arbitrators selected by the parties are subject to the court's compensation structure.
Outside area is cleaned with compressed air to remove any contamination.
Outside areas are also a concern in flea infestations.
Outside artists spend part of their time working with students and staff.
Outside assessment varies in cost.
Outside assignments consist of individual reading and writing assignments.
Outside assignments encourage original thinking about image making.
Outside assignments stress conceptual issues related to studio activities and discussion.
All outside assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date noted in the schedule above.
All outside assignments are due at the beginning of class.
All outside assignments are to be accomplished independently unless otherwise instructed.
Outside assistance comes in the form of cross-cultural missions.
Outside assistance is often essential in protecting a victim of domestic violence.
Outside attractions are open during daylight hours.
Outside auditors pay a reduced registration fee, as well as reduced tuition.
Outside auditors perform full assessment.
Outside audits are a basic institutional precaution.
Outside authorities seem to agree.
Outside basketball is a completely different animal.
Outside bets are the wagers made on the outside of the layout.
Outside birds sing and friends run about barefoot or bask sleepily in the sun.
Outside bodies have no right to coerce any sovereign nation on a matter like abortion.
Outside body is a heavy duty black leather, tooled on all sides.
Outside border is leafed stems interlaced with ribbon.
Outside border is wine and muted blue plaid.
Outside border is wine and muted lighter blue plaid.
Outside borders are wine and dark blue floral.
Outside borrowers are limited to one renewal.
Outside broadcasts vary from open air to concert halls.
Outside cabin has a window.
Outside cabin is slightly larger.
Outside cabins cost more than inside ones.
Outside cabins have a large window overlooking the ocean.
Outside cabins have round portholes or square windows.
Outside cabins offer a window.
Outside cabins offer portholes or picture windows.
Outside Cabins open onto the outside deck with generous windows and a choice of twin or double beds.
All outside cabins have large picture windows.
Outside cats are even more likely than dogs to dome into contact with rabid wild animals.
Outside cats are more susceptible.
Outside cats tend to scratch wood objects.
Outside caterers are welcome for larger parties.
Outside caterers are welcome or choose from our list of preferred caterers.
Outside caterers are welcome.
Outside caterers welcome.
Outside catering highlights the same elegant cuisine served in the restaurant.
Outside catering is a specialty.
Outside catering is also an option.
Outside catering is available for all occasions.
Outside catering is available for anything on the menu.
Outside catering is available in Wadi Rum and surrounding beaches and mountains.
Outside catering is available.
Outside catering is optional and a basic rental fee includes professional set-up and service staff.
Outside change is a constant factor.
Outside chart pockets for sectionals, enroute charts, and magazines.
Outside children play inside crumbling homes, roofs and screens full of holes like parents.
Outside collaborations involve chemical engineering, electrical engineering, physics, and medicine.
Outside color is black and dark gray with silver highlights.
Outside color is red with yellow under color, which appears early.
Outside companies can also help with regulatory issues and patent applications.
Outside companies display ads on our site.
Outside companies display their ads on our site.
Outside companies have their own fee structure.
Outside companies provide door to door laundering and dry cleaning.
Outside companies thinking of relocating to the area also are on the lookout for good employees.
Outside competition limits.
Some outside competition is scheduled but on a more limited basis.
Outside concerts augment the performance schedule .
Outside condition is excellent.
Outside confirmation helps establish credibility.
Outside construction continues.
Outside construction is a dura-stitched polycord heavy duty black nylon.
Outside construction starts.
Outside consultants can neither provide such a realization nor teach it in seminars.
Outside consultants have expertise in how to conduct research studies.
Outside consultants play a vital role in all areas of business.
Outside consultants review the draft proposal and make recommendations.
Outside consultations are also available.
Outside contact includes trade press and analysts, customers, and distributors.
Outside contact includes trade press and analysts, customers, and international distributors.
Outside contact is by radio telephone.
Outside contact is minimal.
Outside contacts are welcome.
Outside content is welcome.
All outside content is the responsibility of the third party.
Outside contributions are welcome as well.
Outside corners require a metal or plastic corner bead for protection.
Outside corners require metal corner beads to provide stability and protection to the drywall.
Outside corners tend to etch more sharply than inside corners.
ALL outside corners are round.
Outside correspondence is scanned and indexed upon arrival.
Any outside costs incurred are reasonable.
Outside counsel have two options under the agreement.
Outside counsel is used on an as-needed basis.
Outside courtyard features a waterfall.
Outside courtyard includes patio furnishings, BBQ, fish pond and waterfall.
Outside courtyard includes patio furnishings, BBQ, fishpond and waterfall.
Outside cover can be silk screened, foil stamped, or embossed.
Outside cover is a soft fabric material.
Outside cover shows slight wear.
Outside covers have only minor wear.
Outside cut helps prevent metal contaminants from falling into drum.
Outside cut helps prevent metal contaminents from falling into drum.
Outside damage is the leading cause of pipeline ruptures.
Outside dancers hold the right forearm of a center dancer and walk forward.
Outside dancers join hands in couple handhold.
Outside decks offer a refreshing ride, but they can get breezy.
Outside diameter is needed for computing pressures with the strain-gauge system.
Outside diameters are in one-sixteenth inch increments.
Outside directors are exactly that, outside the influence of company management.
Outside directors are the other members of the committees.
Outside directors bring a fresh perspective and new ideas.
Outside directors bring outside experience and perspectives to the board.
Many outside directors use directors' fees to fund defined contribution plans.
Outside distractions can be a big time-waster.
Outside dogs can develop storm phobias and are at risk of hypothermia and heatstroke.
Outside donations are welcome and can be dropped off in the school office.
Outside donors have no way of telling if the group truly does what it claims.
An outside door is a door
Outside door handle button now has to be squeezed instead of pushed.
Outside door handle has round push button.
Outside doors are to be locked when working in a building after normal working hours.
Outside doors have sturdy locks and peepholes.
Outside doors have to have proper locks.
Outside doors lock at midnight and can be accessed only by card readers.
Every outside door has a bright working light to illuminate visitors.
Every outside door has a bright, working light to illuminate visitors.
Outside drawer has key lock.
Outside employers are also less likely to discipline or discharge incompetent employees.
Many outside employers require faculty consultants to sign written consulting agreements.
Outside employment can sometimes interfere with progress in the program.
Outside employment is any form of compensated or uncompensated employment or business relationship.
Outside employment is discouraged because of the intense nature of the program.
Outside employment is discouraged while the student is enrolled in medical school.
Outside employment is discouraged while the student is enrolled in the curriculum.
Outside employment is discouraged.
Outside employment is permitted and opportunities are plentiful.
Outside employment is restricted.
Outside energy is required at many stages in a roller coaster ride.
Outside engineers are welcome at the same rates.
Outside entertainment becomes nearly impossible.
Outside entertainment is a breeze with the covered deck and inground pool.
Outside entertainment is better than staying home.
Outside entities seem unlikely to impose change.
Some outside entity makes a request to the master transcoder.
Outside evaluations become part of the dossier and are shared with candidate.
Outside evaluations become part of the dossier for the review.
Outside evaluators bring in different expertise.
Outside evaluators undertake review, including site visits and final report.
Outside events are free.
Outside events are subject to weather conditions.
Outside events are usually some of the most unique and visual events someone can plan.
Outside events can also crush friendships.
Outside events have a way of inserting themselves.
Some outside events are too big to duck, especially in international affairs.
Outside experts are in the process of giving their opinions.
Outside experts can also contribute.
Outside experts come in and examine it from every angle.
Outside experts conduct music workshops and sessions on audience development and career planning.
Outside experts discuss their expertise and experiences.
Outside experts help in the design of items.
Outside experts lecture each week with each session focussing on a single topic.
Outside experts read and evaluate manuscripts.
Outside experts review evaluation methodologies.
Outside experts review methodologies.
Many outside experts foresee a ripple effect on India and Pakistan.
Most outside experts review evaluation methodologies.
Most outside experts review methodologies.
Most outside experts think they're both right and gingerly avoid taking sides.
Outside expertise is needed to develop electronic data systems to monitor school facility needs.
Outside expertise is utilized to assist in the preservation of digital resources.
Any outside facilitator can only serve as a catalyst and guide.
Outside facilities are available to the community on a scheduled basis.
Outside facilities have to be used.
Outside factors are secondary factors only.
Outside factors can also contribute.
Outside factors can include business downsizing and restructuring.
Outside factors disrupt and interrupt their careers.
Many outside factors determine the eating habits of teenagers today.
Outside features are metal roof, wood siding, and large yard part, fenced.
Every outside feature is highly detailed and life-like.
Some outside fieldwork is involved.
Some outside filters have a bio-wheel mounted on it for better bacteria growth.
Outside firms can also provide personnel who have industry specific experience.
Outside firms can be valuable in helping Calvin think about how to reach students.
Outside fishing is fair with mackerel, trevally and kings being taken at the right time of the year.
Outside fishing is good all year 'round.
Outside food is permitted.
Outside foot is man's left, woman's right.
Outside forces are still more effective.
Outside forces play an increasingly dramatic role in a teenager's life.
Outside forces shape their appearance.
Outside forces transform local interrelations.
Some outside force cause the nebula to start to rotate and to collapse.
Some outside force disturbs the cloud, causing it to compress and begin to collapse.
Some outside forces harm coyotes.
Outside fort is a roughly circular dun with thick wall and single entrance.
Outside funding continues to grow.
Outside funding is normally necessary to obtain such positions.
Outside funding reduces the amount of student loan or the student work commitment.
Outside groups claim that the standards for data quality are too stringent.
Outside groups coming into the city is a big concern.
Outside groups pay an additional fee for use of the facilities.
Outside Groups Pump Up Va.
Outside groups run advertising campaigns that are indistinguishable from electioneering.
Outside groups welcome.
All outside groups are subject to the service and meal tax charges.
Many outside groups use our church for regular meetings.
Outside growers can take their grown plants to their specific location.
Outside heat can quickly raise temperatures inside a car to potentially lethal levels.
Outside help can make the difference.
Outside help is contacted based on the specific needs of the situation.
Outside help is likely to be needed.
Outside help is needed to bring the parties to the negotiating table.
Outside help is needed, either from the government or from foreign investors.
Outside help is needed.
Outside help is often invaluable.
Outside help is solicited and welcome.
Outside help is usually too far away.
Outside help needs to be fully restored.
Any outside help concerning the use of the computer facilities is acceptable.
More outside help is also essential.
Outside hitter hits cross court.
Outside hitter hits or tips to any of the four corners.
Outside hitter hits where the middle designated.
Outside hitter hits.
Outside hitter takes an approach to the net.
Outside hosts can no longer download themselves from servers within the protected subnets.
Outside housecoats sway in the wind.
Outside image is different from private image.
Outside income can also lead to a disparity in standards of living within the group.
Outside industries continue to play an unsettling role in the vacillating Mexican economy.
Outside influence can sometimes be a quick fix.
Outside influence has very little to do with regards to cultural challenges.
Outside influence is an inherent part of international relationships.
Outside influence is often a large factor and access to trade and resources is the usual cause.
Outside influences can also affect results.
Outside influences come to Cuba mostly from the Western world.
Outside influences enter their lives at such an early age.
Outside influences have no business prying into personal e-mails or individual medical records.
Outside influences look to change all that.
Outside information is assembled, sorted, and brought into the courtroom for presentation.
Outside input according to music hint can link to some more complex scenes and motions.
Outside input is critical to the success of our project.
Some outside input can be refreshing and helpful.
Outside insects are unable to fly against the air stream, thereby excluding entry.
Outside installation is more difficult, especially on a multi-story house.
Outside interests become involved developing businesses and tourist facilities.
Outside interests play an important part on an agency's environment.
Outside interference is pretty cool.
Any outside interference calls off the match, obviously.
Outside interpreters are also available.
Outside intervention invades the province of the jury.
Outside intervention is almost always a necessity.
Outside invasion starts from Yemen out.
Outside investigators paying unsubsidized rates are welcome when space is available.
Outside involvement is confined to big name speakers.
Any outside items brought into party room is Discouraged.
Outside lane is for running.
Outside lawyer is paid a flat rate per day or week.
Outside lawyer is paid a portion of the fee that is paid by the client to law office.
Outside leaves fall in the wind and it begins to rain.
Most outside leaks occur at connections.
Outside leans can initiate carved turns or spins too.
Outside letters are optional.
Outside light competes with the monitor screen.
Outside light is often brighter than the light boxes.
Outside lighting is an important factor to consider.
Outside lighting is inspected frequently.
Outside lighting is usually easiest for the amateur.
Outside links are sites hosted and maintained by others.
Outside Links Find other local environmental organizations and botanical resources.
Outside links provide access to more educational information and materials.
All outside links are responsible for their own accuracy of information.
Some outside links are church related.
Outside loans require a deposit and a modest fee.
All outside maintenance is included.
Outside management offers a clubhouse, coffee shop and driving range facilities.
Outside material is better than no material.
Outside matters are superfluous.
Outside measurements represent the exact blind size needed.
Outside mediators are often fundamental.
Outside members welcome.
Outside memberships are also available.
An outside mirror is a mirror
Outside mirrors are big.
Outside mirrors are the remote control type with aerodynamic housings.
Outside monitor services are used by carriers.
Outside motion causes various lights and appliances to respond.
Outside mount can cover an unattractive window or can make a small opening appear larger.
Outside mount hangs outside the window opening.
Outside mount requires no drilling.
Outside museum is an antique fire truck, as well as picnic tables.
Outside noises can prove problematic as well.
Outside numbers tend to draw the eye down to read rather than across to each item and then down.
Outside observers acknowledge the control practice as competition-oriented and reasonably strict.
Outside observers can only speculate on possible reasons.
Outside observers refer to the operations as mountain top removal.
Outside observers say the plan was still damaging to customer service.
Outside observers say the trick is cutting costs without cutting corners.
Outside observers suggest half that.
Many outside observers agree.
Many outside observers are fond of calling Estonia an economic miracle.
Some outside observers see an element of truth in that.
Outside occurrences are quite unreliable and beyond our control.
Outside operation can be by key or combination.
Outside opinion is often invalueble.
Outside opinions are unwelcome.
Outside opinions curb wandering ways.
Outside organisations consulting villages first seek the village head, who is invariably a man.
Outside organizations are responsible for finding a recognized sponsoring organization.
Outside organizations can offer awards to whomever they want.
Outside organizations work with the plant on the basis of contracts. .
Outside participation can bring the diversity so beneficial to an institution such as a fraternity.
Outside parties display advertisements on our site.
Outside parties hope to redesign our forces to cater to liberal special interests.
Outside patio features a gas grill.
Outside patio is very popular during the summer.
Outside patio overlooks the tracks.
Outside people can leave files in either of our ftp servers.
Outside people have more potential to influence the overall business thrust than do internal people.
Outside perceptions are important.
Some outside person is absolutely essential.
Outside personnel collect and interpret data.
Outside perspectives are ancillary once one knows the Truth.
Outside pets are at the mercy of the people they encounter.
Outside pets are susceptible to the elements in all seasons.
Most outside petitions originate within environmental organizations.
Outside philosophers place their confidence in views.
Outside pictures are nice, too, especially in climates where there is snow for the holidays.
Outside pier provides seasonal enjoyment.
Outside plant is built along roads.
Outside play comes twice daily in our big, gardened, fenced-in backyard.
Outside play has places to climb, slide, swing, ride, jump and run.
Outside play is a part of each non-rainy day's activities.
Outside play is accepted along with hotel guests and members.
Outside play is accepted and hotel guests are welcome.
Outside play is accepted while hotel guests are welcome.
Outside play is accepted.
Outside play is always full of fun and more learning experiences.
Outside player passes a ball to the player in the box.
Outside players can also have an enormous impact on the industry.
Outside pockets are great for other clothing items.
Outside pockets offer additional storage space for small items.
Outside pools contain seals and sharks.
Outside poverty plagues the streets cities crumble as does the man sleeping beneath the daily news.
Outside powers help pay their salaries.
Outside practice is required.
Outside preparation is required.
Some outside preparation is required.
Outside prescriptions welcome.
Outside presenters bring real life experience and examples to the course.
Outside pressure is also unlikely.
Outside pressure is needed, and that is belatedly beginning to build.
Outside pressure is so low that it's barely measurable.
Outside pressures become an issue in a personal relationship.
Outside racks are available.
Outside ramps facilitate access by students in wheelchairs, and there are elevators.
Outside rates are also available.
Outside reading continues to be encouraged.
Outside reading is a course requirement.
Outside reading is an ongoing assignment.
Outside reading is encouraged.
Outside reading is recommended .
Outside reading is required for class discussions and papers.
Outside reading is required to complete the course.
Outside reading is required.
Outside reading is utilized for oral and written reports.
Outside readings correlate authors to Hispanic culture.
Outside readings give physicians a better sense of blood pressure control.
Some outside reading is required.
Outside receptions can include any spirit.
Outside recess requires proper clothing.
Outside recreation includes basketball, volleyball, swimming and fishing.
Outside rehearsal is required.
Some outside rehearsal is required.
Outside rentals are available in some of the adjacent communities but availability is limited.
Outside research is directed at characterizing two newly recognized human microorganisms.
Outside research is extra.
Outside research is nice but unnecessary.
Outside research is optional.
Outside research is prohibitively expensive for all but the biggest newspapers.
Outside research is required.
Some outside research is required.
Outside researchers are welcome to visit by appointment.
Outside resources are current readings, and audio-visual materials along with computer work.
Outside resources can support efforts to collect and analyze data effectively.
Outside reverse fold the bow material.
Outside reverse fold the bow to the right.
Outside reverse fold the chin.
Outside reverse fold the horn from the center of the head.
Outside reverse fold the tip of the nose.
Outside reverse fold the tip of the tail down.
Outside reviewers see tremendous potential in the project for good reason.
Outside reviewers speak highly of dissertations.
Outside rocks tumble and it is closed for good.
Most outside rooms have semi-private verandas or are open to the deck.
Outside rotations are also available at select teaching hospitals nationwide.
Outside sales experience a plus.
Outside sales is a real problem, though.
Any outside sales experience a plus.
Outside salesmen are also exempt.
Outside salesmen bring their wares only on specified days each week.
Outside scholarships are also available.
Outside scholarships are available from a variety of sources, and awards are normally competitive.
All outside scholarships become part of the student's financial aid award.
Outside scientists can serve as peer reviewers of individual projects.
Outside screens are very effective both to reduce the reflection and to cushion the impact.
Outside seams eliminate any pressure on the fingers.
Outside seams eliminate pressure on the fingers.
Outside security is also available for any event.
Outside security is maintained by occasional police patrol and an audible alarm system.
Outside seminars are another option.
Outside shareholders are a constituency.
Outside shareholders can enforce a market discipline on the company.
Outside shell is a dark purple while the inside is light grey.
Outside shell is in great shape.
Outside shooting is a question.
Outside shooting is difficult.
Outside show is a poor substitute for inner worth.
Outside show is poor substitute for inner worth.
Outside smoking is alright.
Outside smoking is permitted in designated areas only.
Outside snow begins to fall as the car turns the corner.
Outside snow falls silently, hushing the night in wonder.
Outside snow freezes quickly on the window.
Outside software is subject to deletion when the user is finished their session.
Outside space includes a deck and covered porch.
Some outside space is available for weekend carts.
Outside speakers can help if they know the faculty's needs.
Outside speakers give a number of nephrological talks throughout the academic year.
Outside speakers make presentations to and interact with students.
Outside speakers provide information to the group on various topics.
Outside speakers share their expertise in a variety of different areas in other conferences.
Outside speakers supplement faculty lectures.
Many outside speakers offer sessions.
All outside steps are of granite.
Outside stimulation builds important neural connections in the brain of an infant or toddler.
Outside stimuli are often blanked out, so strong is the concentration.
Outside stimuli can be fun.
Outside stimulus is detrimental to our goals, unnecessary and non-productive.
Outside stimulus is necessary.
Outside storage is available year round.
Outside storage is great, and can do without.
Outside storage is provided with some shelter.
Outside storage sheds, secluded yard.
Outside students seeking admission can apply throughout the year.
Outside submissions welcome.
Outside support is essential to a cancer patient.
Outside support is likely to help defray the costs of the materials.
Outside support is necessary, for the marriage to flourish rather than become overloaded or stale.
Outside support is offered via a volunteer network.
Outside surface is covered with a durable baked on powder coating.
Outside surface is often irregular.
Outside surfaces are flat black, with rubber grips for secure handling.
All outside surfaces are now prepared for varnish.
Outside systems can have many varying ways of telnetting via menus, scripts, etc.
Outside tables add to the relaxed, warm ambiance.
Outside tables are available on warm days.
Outside tables are great for poodle-watching.
Outside tags have a tendency to be shorn from bags in airport luggage-handling systems.
Outside temperature is updated every minute.
Outside temperature remains below zero where it has lingered most of a week.
Outside terrace offers great views.
Outside terraces overlook the mighty Mississippi River.
Outside things seem to look the same.
Outside threats increase and solutions take more time to implement and show results.
Outside time includes walks to local parks.
Outside time is a favorite activity each day.
Outside time is an important aspect of hand-rearing raccoons.
Outside time is one of the most important periods of a child's day.
Outside time is required.
Some outside time is necessary.
Outside town are a number of natural attractions.
Outside track is also gold with shiny gold markers.
Outside traffic thins as cities recede into gloom.
Outside trainers are welcome.
Outside treads swing up into an upright position for security.
Outside treatment is much the same as pigeon control.
Outside tutors provide additional support.
Outside users can initiate contacts between themselves.
Outside users can obtain tapes for a fee.
Outside users have to observe the same policies our graduate students follow.
Outside users welcome at a higher rate.
Outside vegetation can harbor mealybugs.
Outside vendor is charged at cost.
Outside vendors hold institution funds thus depriving the school of time value of that money.
Outside vendors make presentations.
Outside ventilation is recommended.
Outside venues tend to make instruments change more, requiring more adjustments.
Outside verification builds confidence.
Outside visitors are important to the content of the course.
Outside walks are weather dependent.
Outside walls are a combination of brick and prepainted steel cladding.
Outside walls are of solid brick, three deep.
Outside water tap other days on front porch.
Outside waters are unprotected and can be dangerous for small boats.
Outside wholesalers can have a significant influence on bank agents.
Outside windows are nice as long as the window is one that is convenient to get to for maintenance.
Outside wood stems.
Outside work consists of three tests and weekly lab reports.
Outside work enjoys eating out, socialising and is a feline enthusiast.
Outside work has a heavier emphasis on formal design elements and board skills.
Outside work has a keen interest in stamps and amateur theatre.
Outside work helps, too.
Outside work includes reading, writing, and concert attendance.
Outside work includes sweeping, spreading mulch, raking, shrub trimming, and replacing bulbs.
Outside work is discouraged for full time matriculated students.
Outside work is individual in preparation for class.
Outside work is necessary for planning, shooting and editing.
Outside work is necessary for shooting and editing.
Outside work is required.
Outside work tends to increase during researched writing assignments.
Outside zippers ease side rail use.
An outside is a region
Outsides become insiders.
All outsides have tubs, insides showers only and all have a hair dryer and wonderful toiletries.
Outsider art can be very powerful.
Outsider art is a genre
Outsider art is a hot commodity.
Outsider art is always best.
Outsider art is genres.
Outsider art is still on a bumpy road at auction.
Outsider art is, to an increasing degree, in.
Outsider music goes global.
An outsider is a stranger
Outsider knowlegs of a a prticular school.
Outsider leads that category by four runs right now.
Outsider means everything, and it means nothing.
Outsider returns child but retains partial control over it.
Outsiders accuse the agency of giving in to anti-drug zealots.
Outsiders add diversity to the exercises.
Outsiders appear to think that all venture capitalists are the same.
Outsiders are being.
Outsiders are concerned too.
Outsiders are confused and deluded.
Outsiders are contestants.
Outsiders are especially prevalent in heavy industry.
Outsiders are everyone else.
Outsiders are in.
Outsiders are interested, too.
Outsiders are likely to worry about that too.
Outsiders are more measured in their assessments.
Outsiders are more skeptical.
Outsiders are never sure who they are talking to.
Outsiders are no longer welcome.
Outsiders are perfect competitors for jobs.
Outsiders are romantic and dangerous.
Outsiders are shocked that such a seemingly sexless place is now so awash with the stuff.
Outsiders are surprised to hear a comment such as that.
Outsiders are the bluesky research lab of the straight world.
Outsiders are to be kept outside where they belong.
Outsiders are welcome so long as they respect the intention of the list.
Outsiders are welcome to attend their special programs.
Outsiders are welcome to listen in.
Outsiders are welcome to register too.
Outsiders are, however, often vital.
Outsiders become the main event .
Outsiders become threats to our basic needs of survival and security, of acceptance and self-esteem.
Outsiders can access corporate networks with unprecedented ease.
Outsiders can also get structure determination done here.
Outsiders can be a big help in defning the problems they are called upon by insiders to solve.
Outsiders can be very demanding.
Outsiders can bring fresh perspective.
Outsiders can do many things to help.
Outsiders can help.
Outsiders can keep up, but they have to concentrate.
Outsiders can learn from rurals.
Outsiders can only see our web pages.
Outsiders can play a very important role in facilitating proper listening.
Outsiders can provide a somewhat less biased evaluation of that student and offer new perceptions.
Outsiders can reach more exclusive parts of the network through other people.
Outsiders can, and members can when they see themselves as outsiders.
Outsiders come here and think California is big and uncaring.
Outsiders come through lovely to only add gallons of fuel to the ever incensed fire within Knucks.
Outsiders come to our church from secular society.
Outsiders commonly assume that rework is a huge source of profit.
Outsiders consist of Iran, Iraq, Libya and Sudan.
Outsiders decide that indigenous people stand in their way.
Outsiders emphasize the importance of the national mood and the boost it gives to incumbents.
Outsiders face an uphill battle.
Outsiders face discrimination.
Outsiders fall behind.
Outsiders find the crowd phenomenal.
Outsiders generally agree.
Outsiders generally disagree.
Outsiders get jealous when they hear of all the fun they have.
Outsiders grumble about high taxes on their lakefront properties.
Outsiders hacking into company IT systems fall into one of two categories.
Outsiders have a tendency to want to do their dirty work on our lands.
Outsiders have access to the nf.
Outsiders have regular opportunities to influence the course of public affairs.
Outsiders have similar comments.
Outsiders have to make do with the leftovers.
Outsiders have Trouble being Heard in Canada.
Outsiders inserting themselves into a family tragedy is an audacious act.
Outsiders is quite good.
Outsiders join the argument and lashon hara spills over into the streets.
Outsiders know the name is strange and the pace is slow but are drawn to the atmosphere.
Outsiders know to marvel at Philadelphia's combination of gentility and Rockyesque parochialism .
Outsiders lack a clear mandate to justify their intervention.
Outsiders live on thermo-electricity.
Outsiders look at the church and they can tell the phony from the true.
Outsiders looking in on their relationship are concerned.
Outsiders make fun of race fans.
Outsiders make the most appealing stars, bucking systems and triumphing over stifling routines.
Outsiders marvel at the tribe's ability to sustain themselves without scarring the land.
Outsiders merely protect the parochial power and budgets of inside clients.
Outsiders mutter darkly about banking profits from overnight money markets.
Outsiders never seem to be able to grasp the complexity of building robots.
Outsiders only have to listen at the bathroom window to know someone is using the facilities.
Outsiders only see people with messy desks.
Outsiders open the eyes of the students.
Outsiders Protect the tribe.
Outsiders reap important benefits too.
Outsiders recognize Tnuctipun as possible threat.
Outsiders respond strategically to reductions in appropriation by cooperating group members.
Outsiders say some of the participants are lunatics.
Outsiders say the moves are highly promising.
Outsiders see our everyday world with fresh eyes.
Outsiders see the cold ashes, never the sparks, never the flames.
Outsiders see the name.
Outsiders see what they want to see.
Outsiders start spreading their influence, and politics, across the country.
Outsiders tell it differently.
Outsiders tend to be faster and have to cover more territory as well as rush the quarterback.
Outsiders tend to be neighbors, neutrals, and bystanders.
Outsiders tend to underestimate Appalachian laisser faire.
Outsiders think all Texas is like that.
Outsiders think it's really strange, but our fans know what's going on.
Outsiders think of racing as a sport in which people get killed.
Outsiders treat the children as family leaders because they speak English.
Outsiders typically have one of two very different perceptions of Charlotte.
Outsiders use local streets as short cuts to busy arterial roads.
Outsiders use the word malabar to refer kerala.
Outsiders welcomes donations and support.
Outsiders frequently think that computer scientists write programs.
Outsiders often attack computers by guessing or stealing account IDs and passwords.
Outsiders often hear only the unrelenting rhythm of techno.
Outsiders often make startling contributions to a field.
Outsiders often mistake it for an office building and walk right in the front door.
Outsiders sometimes seem to think so.
All outsiders usually know about Egypt is the pyramids, the sphinx, and camels.
Many outsiders agree.
Many outsiders remain skeptical.
Many outsiders say the French giant is wrong for the role.
Most outsiders bring to Africa an imported rhetoric, and most insiders have a rhetoric to export.
Most outsiders never get beyond the first or second layer.
Some outsiders agree.
Some outsiders are confused.
Some outsiders cluck their tongues and wonder why.
Some outsiders even take an adivasi woman as a second wife to gain tribal land.
Outsized expectations come with that territory.
An outsole is a bottom
Outsoles are flexible rounded-edge, low profile platforms with a small wedge.
Outsoles are part of boots.
Outsoles are part of shoes.
Outsourced functions require a different management approach.
Outsourced providers are a limited resource, often working simultaneously for several clients.
Outsourced services can be any library service provided by an outside source.
Outsourced solutions have an advantage over in-house development in terms of speed.
Outsourced testing is the future.
More Outsourcing solution speeds application and underwriting.
Outspoken members facilitate a number of programs for residence halls and other offices on campus.
Outstanding ability is the primary qualification for admission.
Outstanding access is as important for convertibility as it is for simple tool changing.
Outstanding accommodations range from cozy studios to spacious three-bedroom villas.
Outstanding accomplishments become our customer's successes.
Outstanding achievements deserve recognition.
Outstanding adventures await both the novice canoers and seasoned paddlers.
Many outstanding alumnae come back for reunions that are held near Memorial Day.
Any outstanding amounts remain unpaid for a period of more than FIVE working days.
Outstanding animation brings the physiology of birth to life for any learner.
Outstanding applicants are eligible for scholarships.
Outstanding applicants are eligible for supplemental fellowships during their first year of study.
Outstanding architecture is a proven attraction.
Outstanding aromas fill the glass with smoky peat, sherry wood, and sea salt.
Outstanding aromas have a petrol-like note that suggests ripeness and onset of maturity.
Many outstanding artisans sell their wares through local galleries.
All outstanding artists have a definite style.
Outstanding artwork is evident throughout the program.
Outstanding athlete brings a dogged work ethic to the field.
Outstanding awards are available to county and state winners.
Outstanding balances are payable in full, within two weeks after the withdrawal.
All outstanding balances are due at check-in.
Any outstanding balance amounts the student owes pending aid are collected at time of disbursement.
Any outstanding balance is payable on arrival.
Any outstanding balances are payable upon departure.
Some outstanding books sell very poorly.
Outstanding career includes education, research, executive, entrepreneur, mentor and advisor.
Outstanding chapters receive a certificate.
Outstanding citizen offers sage counsel.
Outstanding clinicians are quite conscious of what their peers are doing regionally and nationally.
Outstanding coaches know how much to push a beginning athlete.
Outstanding communication is evident.
Outstanding communication skills also a plus.
Outstanding communication skills as well as computer literacy are necessary.
Outstanding communication skills with strong verbal and written abilities.
Outstanding companies choose Upstate South Carolina.
Some outstanding corporations reinvest all their profits back into growing the company.
Outstanding country views on a rolling terrain with some wooded areas.
Outstanding coverage is another.
Outstanding credit is compensated only in goods, and is valid for one calendar year.
Outstanding debt consists of securities and loans in domestic and foreign currency.
All outstanding debt is denominated in Swiss francs.
Most outstanding debt is fixed rate, noncallable debt.
Outstanding design features assure minimum maintenance, long life and efficient performance.
Outstanding design is only the beginning.
Outstanding developers can build systems many times faster and better than average developers.
Outstanding efforts begin with the end in mind.
Outstanding elements are the water garden and rock garden.
Outstanding events are the annual Handel Festival and the International Organ Festival.
Outstanding facilities offer students many unique opportunities.
Outstanding faculty are the lifeblood of any university.
Outstanding faculty deliver the instruction.
Outstanding faculty draws outstanding students.
Outstanding faculty have a strong national reputation for scholarly excellence.
Outstanding feature is strong Blowfish encryption for chats and filetransfers.
Outstanding feature is the thickened, convoluted bark that develops with age.
Outstanding features are a large study area and fraternity chapter rooms.
Outstanding features are numerous with the craftsmanship superb by a well-known architect.
Outstanding fees are due in full upon termination of service.
Outstanding fees have to be paid at the beginning of the meeting by cash or credit card.
Outstanding flexibility means curves and bends are no problem.
Some outstanding forgeries are possible with today's photocopy equipment.
Outstanding freshmen are eligible for induction into Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman honor society.
Outstanding gardens open all year round to tourists, visitors.
Outstanding grades are a given.
Outstanding graduates join the students as course instructors.
Outstanding home boosts many extras, exceptional finishing with custom made wall units and deck.
Outstanding home schooled seniors are also eligible to apply.
Outstanding homes are available for sale or lease.
Outstanding incidents are many.
Outstanding insight can only come from outstanding knowledge.
Outstanding instructors combine extensive industry experience with superior teaching skills.
All outstanding invoices become due immediately.
Outstanding issues can only create problems.
Most outstanding issues have yet to be resolved.
Outstanding item is the wetlands on the site.
Outstanding leaders are able to influence others to work toward their goals.
Outstanding leaders are both learners and leaders.
Outstanding leaders share information on current early childhood issues and trends.
Outstanding leaders understand themselves, their organizations and their people.
Outstanding leadership skills with a positive, professional, and enthusiastic attitude.
Outstanding lectures speak to the seniors on various topics that meet their immediate needs.
Outstanding lecturers can move several points up the pay scale to ensure recruitment or retention.
Outstanding loans are subject to interest charges.
Outstanding loans have to be cancelled after a period of time.
All outstanding loans are to be cancelled every seventh year.
Outstanding location offers many possibilities.
Outstanding lubricity provides unbeatable wear protection and maximum fuel efficiency.
Outstanding manpower can contribute technology, labor management and capital accumulation.
Outstanding members qualify for audition and performance opportunities in Europe and America.
Outstanding memberships are schools and several special libraries.
Outstanding museum has online directions for simple to make demos, labs, projects.
Any outstanding obligations are due at the time of withdrawal.
Outstanding ones get projects completed on time and the client is pleased.
Outstanding opportunities exist both on and off campus.
Outstanding opportunities exist for graduate study in chemistry.
Outstanding options expire after ten years.
Outstanding organizations have products that are recognized and respected.
Outstanding performance begins with driver and packer training.
Outstanding performance can lead to promotion to managerial positions.
Outstanding performance includes a mastery of language arts.
Outstanding performance is acknowledged and rewarded.
Outstanding performance is fundamental to high productivity.
Outstanding performance is marked by initiative and high quality of work.
Outstanding performance keep local theater-goers coming back again and again.
Many outstanding performers go on to appear in the Olympics and other international competitions.
Every outstanding person is misunderstood.
Many outstanding practices deserve recognition.
Outstanding presentations go to the whole board.
Outstanding prices are available for new graduates as well as senior practitioners.
Outstanding principals are noteworthy.
Outstanding principals view unsuccessful tries as learning opportunities.
Outstanding professionals present workshops and seminars on all aspects of fund raising.
Outstanding programs can still have critical needs.
Outstanding progress is evident in our laboratories, clinics, classrooms, and community programs.
Outstanding quality is a prerequisite for competing in today's marketplace.
Outstanding quality is the foundation of our company.
Outstanding questions surround the affair, some involving Breskin.
Outstanding rates vary depending on the date of settlement.
All outstanding receipts are due in to the treasurer.
Outstanding research is performed and the newest in clinical therapy is provided.
Outstanding response is essential for a pianist to create an outstanding performance.
Outstanding restaurants are abundant in Pensacola Beach City.
Outstanding results occur in almost every sphere of heath care.
Outstanding scholars click here .
Outstanding screen refreshes to eliminate the strains associated with viewing flickering displays.
Outstanding segments are uploaded to the class website.
Outstanding seniors are leaders of people, as well as good students.
Outstanding sensitivity means fewer false alarms.
Outstanding service begins with good communication.
Outstanding service builds ongoing customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Outstanding service is key to the company's success.
Outstanding service is our benchmark.
Outstanding service is vitally important, but it's no longer enough.
Outstanding shares is defined as common shares presently held by someone other than the firm.
Outstanding shooter is particularly dangerous in the open floor.
Outstanding site has technical definitions and more.
Outstanding sites are available now.
Outstanding stock is the shares that have been issued and are still held by stockholders.
Outstanding students accompany the folklore and choral groups when they perform abroad.
Outstanding students are always prepared for class.
Outstanding students are the cornerstone of any educational program's success.
Outstanding students are the most important factor.
Outstanding students can also choose to enter the department s honors program.
Outstanding students can choose from as many as five job offers.
Outstanding students challenge their teachers to provide outstanding instruction.
Outstanding students do independent work under the guidance of a faculty member.
Outstanding students present a recital of their most recent accomplishments.
Outstanding students receive financial support for exchanges to Baltic universities.
Outstanding students show initiative.
Outstanding support is available for research initiation.
Outstanding talent is difficult to recruit and to retain.
Outstanding taxes can include any penalty taxes or charges.
Outstanding teachers are eligible for regular salary raises based on annual merit evaluations.
Outstanding teachers are experts in their disciplines and have stayed current.
Outstanding teachers are positive about their jobs and their lives.
Outstanding teachers are purposeful and demanding.
Outstanding teachers attain a high amount of time on task.
Outstanding teachers can be faculty members of the chapter.
Outstanding teachers cover the basics.
Outstanding teachers get extra training, which they share with colleagues.
Outstanding teachers give continual encouragement and assistance and support to their students.
Outstanding teachers reform education by learning to do what is necessary to turn lives around.
Outstanding teaching begins, of course, with excellent preparation.
Outstanding teaching is a top priority.
Outstanding teaching is the core of education.
Outstanding teams receive awards.
Outstanding technology supports our mission.
Outstanding terrain makes it one of state s most scenic.
Outstanding trade show all three days.
Outstanding training begins with exceptional design.
Outstanding views abound from every room.
Outstanding views overlook lower Manhattan and the Hudson River.
Outstanding vistas await the trail user.
Outstanding waters are high quality waters that constitute an outstanding natural resource.
Outstanding work deserves outstanding perqs.
Outstanding work deserves outstanding rewards.
Outstanding work includes change orders for accessibility ramps and thresholds.
Outstanding work includes door hardware only.
Outstanding work includes final completion of cafeteria addition and punchlist only.
Outstanding work includes handicapped door at entry and flooring in basement classroom.
Outstanding work includes handrails.
Outstanding work includes roofing repair change order and punchlist.
Outstanding work involves change order to replace structural members on roof.
Outstanding work is to install the other three doors, the down pipes and some door handles etc.
Outstanding work merits a reward.
Outstanding yields are possible under high fertility and irrigation.
Outstate membership is welcome.
An outtake is a scene
OutTakes also has screensavers, videos for sale, web links, photos and more.
Outtakes are even worse because the lack of visible borders.
Outtakes are scenes.
Outtakes are shown during the credits.
Outtakes are usually goofs or bloopers that happened while filming the movie.
Outtakes photo archive.
Outward acts bear witness of the state of the heart within.
Outward acts have often an inside magnitude.
Outward action is a consequence of grace.
Outward appearance affects self-image and performance.
Outward appearance can be misleading.
Outward appearance is a huge part of success in the pageant business.
Outward appearance is everything.
Outward appearance remains as the original, but with large front porch removed.
Outward appearances are an accurate gauge of what's going on in a relationship.
Outward appearances are modern, especially in Budapest.
Outward appearances are very important.
All outward appearances fade away.
Outward arrows indicate the absence of resistant force.
Outward beauty can disappear in a second.
Outward beauty is a sign of inner goodness.
Outward behavior is modified, but the same-sex attractions remain.
Outward behaviour includes irritability, temper outbursts, frustration and intolerance.
Outward changes are only apparently good.
Outward changes continue.
Outward circumstances change, but people remain the same.
Outward date determines fare to be charged.
Outward decency is important.
Some outward forces result from rotation.
Outward form is most important.
All outward incidentals can become a basis for favoritism.
Outward indications offer credence.
Outward journeys are as normal.
Outward orientation appears to work through both channels.
Outward orientation encourages efficient firms and discourages inefficient ones.
Outward pain has some abatement.
Outward prayers focus on others.
Some outward pressure is caused by fusion.
Some outward pressure is caused by helium fusion.
Some outward pressure is caused by intense fusion.
Some outward pressure is exerted by radiation.
Outward referrals are very significant.
Outward relaxation is found for cation vacancies.
Outward rotation Turn the leg outward, against the force of another person.
Outward style is very important in Japan.
Outward tracks are solid lines, return tracks dashed.
Outward twists damaging the inside ligaments are rare.
Outward visibility is good in all directions, and the mirrors provide good coverage.
Outward visibility is good to the front and sides, but the rear deck is quite high.
Outward visibility is very good, particularly to the rear side-view when changing lanes.
Outward visibility is, well, outstanding.
Outward visibility suffers notably.
Many OVAs lose the sense of story of the TV series or manga from which they emerge.
Most ova are nearly spherical in form and all pos- sess the usual cell components.
Oval eyes are longer and easier to thread with multiple strands of floss or thread.
Oval fruit has skin.
Oval fruit has waxy skin.
Most oval fruit has skin.
Most oval fruit has waxy skin.
All oval portraits are on canvas.
Some oval shapes create vacuums.
Some oval squids use patterns.
An oval is a conic
Oval isa shape.
Oval tray with polyamide handles.
Ovals are bands.
Ovals are figures.
Ovals are ideal for packaging some messages.
Ovals are manifolds.
Ovals are purely an American tradition.
Ovals are rounds.
Ovals are shapes.
Ovals are stadiums.
Ovals are very good even in smaller sizes where pairs are selling well for earrings and side stones.
Ovals are what they use for race tracks.
Ovals come to life through the choreography of motion and sound.
Ovals have single car qualifying.
Ovals indicate vaccines to be accessed and given if necessary during the early adolescent visit.
Ovals indicate where sand is observed in the well.
Ovals represent two of the networks.
Ovals symbolize software parts.
Ovals vary according to track.
Ovalbumin accounts for two grams of the total five grams of protein of an egg.
Ovalbumin is a food product
Ovalbumin is a protein found in eggs.
Ovalbumin is the major protein of egg white.
Ovalbumin is the protein of egg white, used as an amino acid source for the developing embryo.
Ovalbumin renders elasticity to foam.
Ovals shapes cost about the same as rounds.
Ovan soils are on nearly level to gently sloping flood plains.
Ovarian ablation appears to produce a similar benefit to some chemotherapy regimens.
Ovarian androgens contribute to the anabolic state in females.
Ovarian cancer accounts for five percent of cancers among women.
Ovarian cancer affects predominantly perimenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Ovarian cancer can also result.
Ovarian cancer can be a devastasting disease.
Ovarian cancer causes more deaths than any other cancer of the female reproductive system.
Ovarian cancer causes more deaths than any other cancer of the reproductive system.
Ovarian cancer causes more deaths than any other female reproductive system cancer.
Ovarian cancer causes more deaths than any other reproductive organ cancer.
Ovarian cancer causes more female deaths than any other cancer of the reproductive system.
Ovarian cancer comes from cells of the ovary that grow and divide rapidly.
Ovarian cancer comes from cells of the ovary that grow and divide uncontrollably.
Ovarian cancer detected by pelvic examination is usually advanced.
Ovarian cancer has no symptoms in the early stages.
Ovarian cancer has the highest mortality rate of all gynecologic cancers.
Ovarian cancer is a covert cancer.
Ovarian cancer is a devastating disease.
Ovarian cancer is a disease in which cancer cells are found in the ovary.
Ovarian cancer is a disease in which cancerous cells are found in the ovary.
Ovarian cancer is a disease in which malignant cells are found in an ovary.
Ovarian cancer is a frightening disease and for many women it's a battle for their lives.
Ovarian cancer is a high profile media issue.
Ovarian cancer is a little bit more difficult.
Ovarian cancer is a malignant growth that develops in a woman's ovaries.
Ovarian cancer is a malignant tumor, or an abnormal growth of cells.
Ovarian cancer is a malignant, life-threatening tumor that develops in a woman's ovaries.
Ovarian cancer is a serious and under-recognized threat to women's health.
Ovarian cancer is a silent killer.
Ovarian cancer is almost always fatal.
Ovarian cancer is an ovarian mass made up of cancerous cells.
Ovarian cancer is an uncommon disease.
Ovarian cancer is cancer that begins in the cells that make up the ovaries.
Ovarian cancer is caused by malignancies that occur in the ovaries.
Ovarian cancer is curable if found early.
Ovarian cancer is difficult to detect until it is relatively far advanced.
Ovarian cancer is difficult to diagnose because it often imitates other diseases.
Ovarian cancer is diseases.
Ovarian cancer is far less common than breast cancer but potentially more deadly.
Ovarian cancer is fatal.
Ovarian cancer is hard to detect and frequently returns after treatment.
Ovarian cancer is harder to detect and often more deadly than breast cancer.
Ovarian cancer is known as the silent killer.
Ovarian cancer is linked to dairy products.
Ovarian cancer is more common in industrialized nations, with the exception of Japan.
Ovarian cancer is more common in postmenopausal women.
Ovarian cancer is more common in sexually inactive women.
Ovarian cancer is multi-genetic, controlled by multiple different gene mutations.
Ovarian cancer is often fatal.
Ovarian cancer is one of the deadliest cancers affecting American women today.
Ovarian cancer is one of the four leading causes of death among women in the United States.
Ovarian cancer is one of the leading causes of death of the female gynaecologic malignancies.
Ovarian cancer is one of the most common gynecologic cancers.
Ovarian cancer is one of the most lethal forms of cancer.
Ovarian cancer is rare.
Ovarian cancer is the deadliest of all the gynecologic cancers.
Ovarian cancer is the deadliest of the gynecologic cancers.
Ovarian cancer is the fifth leading cause of cancer death among women in the United States.
Ovarian cancer is the fifth most common type of internal organ cancer diagnosed in women.
Ovarian cancer is the fifth-leading cancer cause of death among women.
Ovarian cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer death among women in the United States.
Ovarian cancer is the fourth leading killer among American women.
Ovarian cancer is the fourth most common cancer among women.
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death among all gynecologic cancers.
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynecologic cancer in the United States.
Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death in the United States from gynecologic malignancies.
Ovarian cancer is the most deadly cancer of the female reproductive system.
Ovarian cancer is the most frequent malignancy of the female reproductive organs.
Ovarian cancer is the most lethal disease in gynecological malignancy.
Ovarian cancer is the most lethal gynecological cancer.
Ovarian cancer is the most lethal of all gynecologic malignancies.
Ovarian cancer is the most lethal of pelvic malignancies in women because of late diagnosis.
Ovarian cancer is the most lethal of the female reproductive malignancies.
Ovarian cancer is the most serious of all gynecological cancers.
Ovarian cancer is the second most common type of cancer in women.
Ovarian cancer is the sixth most common cancer among women.
Ovarian cancer is the sixth most common cancer in women.
Ovarian cancer is very difficult to diagnose because there are no early warning signs.
Ovarian cancer is very difficult to diagnose early.
Ovarian cancer kills more American women each year than all other gynecologic malignancies combined.
Ovarian cancer kills more American women than any other cancer of the female reproductive system.
Ovarian cancer kills more women than all the other gynecologic cancers combined.
Ovarian cancer needs that sense of community.
Ovarian cancer occurs when cells in the ovary become abnormal and divide without control or order.
Ovarian cancer spreads most often to the colon , the stomach, and the diaphragm .
Ovarian cancer spreads most often to the colon, the stomach, and the diaphragm.
Ovarian cancer starts in a single cell.
Ovarian cancers disseminate, primarily by continuity.
Ovarian cancers have no specific signs or symptoms, particularly at the early stage of the disease.
Most ovarian cancers are epithelial carcinomas , which begin in the lining of the ovary.
Most ovarian cancers are epithelial carcinomas, which begin in the lining of the ovary.
Most ovarian cancers arise from epithelial cells that make up the external surface of the ovary.
Most ovarian cancers begin as cysts, or fluid-filled sacs, within the ovary itself.
Most ovarian cancers develop from the surface of the ovary.
Most ovarian cancers occur after menopause.
Most ovarian cancers occur after the age of menopause.
Most ovarian cancers occur in women over age fifty, but the disease can occur in younger women.
An ovarian cyst is a cyst
Ovarian cyst can cause a smooth, rounded, rubbery mass above the pelvis in the lower abdomen.
Ovarian cyst is a fluid-filled structure in the ovary.
Ovarian cysts are a common side effect of tamoxifen treatment.
Ovarian cysts are also a common finding.
Ovarian cysts are also a problem in many women.
Ovarian cysts are an extremely common gynecological problem.
Ovarian cysts are common in young women.
Ovarian cysts are cysts.
Ovarian cysts are diseases.
Ovarian cysts are examples of other growths that can occur on the ovaries.
Ovarian cysts are fluid-filled sacs in or on an ovary.
Ovarian cysts are fluid-filled sacs or pockets within or on the surface of an ovary.
Ovarian cysts are fluid-filled sacs that form on the surface of an ovary.
Ovarian cysts are fluid-filled sacs that result from ovulation cycles.
Ovarian cysts are generally harmless.
Ovarian cysts are growths that form on the ovaries.
Ovarian cysts are more common among mini pill users.
Ovarian cysts are noncancerous sacs filled with fluid or semi-solid material.
Ovarian cysts are sometimes difficult to diagnose.
Ovarian cysts are sometimes hard to diagnose.
Ovarian cysts are very common in women during their reproductive years.
Ovarian cysts can affect females of all ages.
Ovarian Cysts can grow up to the size of a golf ball and still cause the animal no discomfort.
Ovarian cysts can often bring on lower abdominal pain during intercourse.
Ovarian cysts reduce reproductive efficiency in most dairy herds.
Ovarian cysts See tumors.
All ovarian cysts contain fluid to some degree.
Many ovarian cysts disappear without treatment.
Many ovarian cysts go away without treatment.
Most ovarian cysts are benign.
Most ovarian cysts are noncancerous.
Most ovarian cysts are part of the normal functioning of the ovary.
Most ovarian cysts do decrease with pregnancy.
Most ovarian cysts go away on their own in one to three months without causing any problems.
Some ovarian cysts form at the time of ovulation, when the ovary releases an egg cell.
Some ovarian cysts produce no symptoms.
Ovarian development is influenced by a neuroendocrinotrophic regulatory complex.
Ovarian dysfunction is observed in some women.
Ovarian estrogen acts to feminize the rat's corpus callosum.
Ovarian estrogen causes behavioral estrus.
Ovarian failure develops in most postpubertal women.
Ovarian failure is the absence of follicles and eggs.
Ovarian follicle is a roughly spheroid cellular aggregation set found in the ovaries .
Ovarian follicles are the basic units of female reproductive biology.
Ovarian follicles go through a number of stages of development before reaching maturity.
Ovarian hormones act early in development to feminize open field behavior in the rat.
Ovarian hormones give a warm, cozy, connected feeling.
Ovarian hormones influence territorial aggression in free-living mountain spiny lizards.
Some ovarian masses have both solid and cystic components.
Ovarian pregnancy can be primary or secondary.
Ovarian pregnancy is a maternity
Ovarian pregnancy is very rare, although well authenticated.
Ovarian reserve decreases with age.
Ovarian reserve is crucial for the prognosis of infertility therapy.
Ovarian secretions give the genes so little chance to act that they almost seem to be recessives.
Ovarian senescence is analyzed as a model for other aging processes that show limited heritability.
Ovarian steroids influence the activity of neuroendocrine dopaminergic neurons.
Ovarian steroids modulate responsiveness to dopamine and expression of G-proteins in lactotrophs.
Ovarian tissue transplant a success.
Ovarian torsion can occur in normal or pathologically enlarged ovaries, fallopian tubes, or both.
Ovarian torsion is an important yet notoriously difficult diagnosis.
Ovarian transplantation is one technique frequently used.
Ovarian tumor takes in the cystic variety, cancer and sarcoma, two malignant tumors.
Ovarian tumors are common in female gerbils with poor reproductive performance.
Ovarian tumors are sometimes difficult to diagnose.
Ovarian tumors are the most histologically diverse group of tumors.
Ovarian tumors are usually benign, but a few undergo malignant change.
Ovarian tumors can produce similar symptoms.
Ovarian tumors have four stages.
Most ovarian tumors arise from the epithelial surface of the ovary.
An ovariectomy is ablation
Ovariectomy affects monoamine innervation in primate prefrontal cortex.
Ovariectomy decreases urinary frequency in an animal model of intersticial cystitis.
Some ovary ovaries contain follicles.
Some ovary removals reduce breast cancer death.
Some ovary removals reduce death.
Ovary tissue consists of layers.
Most ovary tissue consists of layers.
Ovary wall grow into a fruit.
Ovary walls have layers.
Most ovary walls have layers.
Some ovary walls become layers.
Some ovary walls develop into fruit.
An ovary is a gland
An ovary is a sex organ
Ovaries also secrete the important reproductive hormones estrogen and progesterone.
Ovaries are a French egg dish made with cheese.
Ovaries are about the size of an almond.
Ovaries are also the primary source of estrogen.
Ovaries are attached to the kidneys.
Ovaries are epigynous.
Ovaries are gonads.
Ovaries are much more than egg production factories.
Ovaries are outside vesicles.
Ovaries are part of carpels.
Ovaries are part of females.
Ovaries are part of flowers.
Ovaries are part of the reproductive system needed to reproduce sexually .
Ovaries are part of the reproductive system needed to reproduce sexually.
Ovaries are reddish.
Ovaries are small oval organs situated in the abdominal cavity just ventral to the kidneys.
Ovaries are the female gonads, which produce eggs.
Ovaries are the female parental tissue in which ovules are formed.
Ovaries are the female part of the flower, which produces eggs that are needed for making seeds.
Ovaries become swollen and painful.
Ovaries contain many ovules.
Ovaries contain ovules.
Ovaries contain ovules.
Ovaries contain single ovules.
Ovaries degenerate during fetal life, in other respects anatomically female.
Ovaries globose, glabrous.
Ovaries have (part) placentas.
Ovaries have (part) sections.
Ovaries have dual roles.
Ovaries have functions.
Ovaries have roles.
Ovaries increase progesterone for an embryo.
Ovaries kick in and out.
Ovaries make female hormones and grow eggs inside tiny follicles.
Ovaries perform a number of important functions.
Ovaries produce both estrogen and progesterone.
Ovaries produce estrogen and without it, incomplete sexual development occurs.
Ovaries produce estrogen, which is linked to tumor growth.
Ovaries produce estrogens and progesterone a.
Ovaries produce estrogens and progesterone.
Ovaries produce estrogens.
Ovaries produce female hormone estrogens.
Ovaries produce female hormones.
Ovaries produce hormone estrogens.
Ovaries produce hormones.
Ovaries produce sex hormones.
Ovaries secrete both estrogen and progesterone , and also androgens such as testosterone .
Ovaries secrete both estrogen and progesterone.
Ovaries secrete estrogens.
Ovaries secrete female hormones.
Ovaries secrete female reproductive hormones.
Ovaries secrete hormones.
Ovaries secrete progesterone.
Ovaries secrete reproductive hormones.
Ovaries secrete sex hormone estrogens.
Ovaries secrete substances.
Ovaries show changes which are indistinguishable from polycystic ovaries.
Ovaries start producing estrogen and levels rise, while progesterone remains low.
Ovaries start releasing matured eggs.
Ovaries tend to be active in the latter half of the year.
Ovary isa plant part.
Ovaries frequently contain poorly developed eggs and males often have sperm in their sperm ducts.
Ovaries often appear pale and enlarged and have an infiltration of amyloid.
Most ovaries contain many ovules.
Most ovaries contain ovules.
Most ovaries contain single ovules.
Most ovaries have dual roles.
Most ovaries have functions.
Most ovaries have roles.
Most ovaries produce estrogens.
Most ovaries produce female hormone estrogens.
Most ovaries produce female hormones.
Most ovaries produce hormone estrogens.
Most ovaries produce hormones.
Most ovaries produce sex hormones.
Most ovaries removed are either normal or have benign disease.
Most ovaries secrete female hormones.
Most ovaries secrete female reproductive hormones.
Most ovaries secrete hormones.
Most ovaries secrete progesterone.
Most ovaries secrete reproductive hormones.
Most ovaries secrete sex hormone estrogens.
Most ovaries secrete substances.
Some ovaries are part of anemones.
Some ovaries are part of angiosperms.
Some ovaries are part of blossoms.
Some ovaries are part of bluebottles.
Some ovaries are part of buds.
Some ovaries are part of carnation.
Some ovaries are part of catkins.
Some ovaries are part of daisies.
Some ovaries are part of dicotyledons.
Some ovaries are part of florets.
Some ovaries are part of flowers.
Some ovaries are part of helianthuses.
Some ovaries are part of marigolds.
Some ovaries are part of monocots.
Some ovaries are part of orchids.
Some ovaries are part of poppies.
Some ovaries are part of snapdragons.
Some ovaries are part of snowdrops.
Some ovaries are part of sunflowers.
Some ovaries are part of vanillas.
Some ovaries are part of wildflowers.
Some ovaries contain embryos.
Some ovaries contain follicles.
Some ovaries contain grow embryos.
Some ovaries contain primary follicles.
Some ovaries contain seeds.
Some ovaries develop into seeds.
Some ovaries have cysts.
Some ovaries have large cysts.
Some ovaries look like fruit.
Some ovaries mature into fruit.
Some ovaries produce dominant follicles.
Some ovaries produce follicles.
Some ovaries produce ovules.
Some ovaries produce single dominant follicles.
Some ovaries protect seeds.
Some ovaries resemble grapes.
Some ovaries surround ovules.
Ovate leaves are opposite on flattened stems and can be hairy or fuzzy.
An ovation is credit
Ovation can be ready to go at the push of a button, thanks to convenient electric start.
Ovation has nice markings with a black face and dark chocolate body.
Ovation is a fabulous store for the woman who's looking for any type of attire.
Ovation is a privately held pharmacoeconomic research and consulting company.
Ovation is a privately-held company.
Ovation makes it easy to create, edit, exchange, and view presentations.
Ovation offers big-band music, from swing to jazz.
Ovation offers both systems.
Ovation understands and responds quickly to the ever changing needs of meeting planners.
Ovations are recognition.
Ovations are rhythms.
Ovedue notices are a courtesy only.
Oven braising produces a texture similar to the chewy texture derived from simmering.
Oven chamber is laid out with firebricks.
Oven cleaners are potentially dangerous chemicals.
Oven cleaners cause extreme damage when swallowed.
Oven cleaners contain highly toxic lye, ammonia and other toxic ingredients.
Oven cleaners contain highly toxic lye.
Oven cleaners containing lye and ammonia are especially toxic.
Many oven cleaners can cause burns to the eye.
Many oven cleaners work overnight.
Oven cooking is more economical than cooking on the stove top surface.
Oven cooking is more economical than surface cooking.
Oven door is constructed of durable, tempered glass and is framed in metal.
Oven door opens forward with non-slamming friction hinge.
Oven emissions appear to be negligible.
Oven gases reach the pigment in the meat, and react to form a pink colored compound.
Oven heat kills the yeast and evaporates the alcohol.
Oven interior is stainless steel.
Oven mitts are essential when working with hot things.
Oven mitts are located in kitchens.
Oven mitts have an occupational use as well.
Oven mitts make great gardening gloves for jobs like pruning.
Oven space is always at a premium for the holiday meal.
Oven temperature affects texture, consistency, appearance, and baking time.
An oven thermometer is a thermometer
Oven thermometers are available at specialty bake shops.
Oven thermometers are available for a few dollars in markets and hardware stores.
Oven thermometers are thermometers.
Oven thermometers can vary in quality and, consequently, price.
Oven use is minimal, a plus in summer.
Oven vents smoke.
An oven is a kitchen appliance
Oven isa commodity.
Oven isa goods.
Ovens also vary in the way that they are controlled.
Ovens are appliances.
Ovens are available in a variety of sizes and designs.
Ovens are basically simple devices, and repair tools cost little.
Ovens are boxs.
Ovens are capable of brown bread.
Ovens are capable of cool temperature.
Ovens are capable of roasts.
Ovens are either self-cleaning, standard or convection.
Ovens are electric even though most stoves are gas.
Ovens are for food warming purposes only.
Ovens are household appliances.
Ovens are kitchen appliances.
Ovens are located in homes.
Ovens are located in pizza places.
Ovens are located in prisons.
Ovens are located in restaurants.
Ovens are located in stoves.
Ovens are major appliances.
Ovens are processors of discrete batches of objects , very much like ovens used in a bakery.
Ovens are stackable.
Ovens are suitable for drying small amounts.
Ovens are torture chambers.
Ovens are used for burns.
Ovens are used for cooking.
Ovens are used for preparing food.
Ovens are used for roasting.
Ovens can be conventional or convection cooking and come in a variety of sizes.
Ovens can be very hot and dangerous for small children.
Ovens can make a difference.
Ovens elaborates on the concept of being professional.
Ovens feature fans.
Ovens feature metal fans.
Ovens get very hot so remember to ask for an adult's help.
Ovens have (part) sections.
Ovens have basic components.
Ovens have components.
Ovens have enough power.
Ovens have heat.
Ovens have power.
Ovens line the walls and the kitchen help looks like a bit like scientists.
Ovens require energy only periodically since the insulation holds in the heat.
Ovens require little maintenance as compared to the pretreatment system for example.
Ovens survive today as burned rock middens.
Ovens tend to be mini-ovens.
Ovens use chemical energy.
Ovens use electricity.
Ovens use energy.
Ovens use extra energy.
Ovens use fans.
Ovens vary in power and efficiency.
Ovens vary, so watch the baking time.
Ovens work by convection.
Ovens usually can use a variety of methods to cook.
All ovens crack as they cure, as moisture is driven out, and as the heat level is slowly built up.
All ovens vary.
Every oven is covered under warranty for a period of twelve months from the purchase date.
Every oven is different.
Most ovens are a bit hotter at the back.
Most ovens have a heat deflector to direct heat out of an element hole in the cook top.
Most ovens have a tendency to have hot spots.
Most ovens have basic components.
Most ovens have components.
Most ovens have enough power.
Most ovens have heat.
Most ovens have power.
Most ovens hold two cookie trays.
Most ovens run a little hot.
Most ovens use chemical energy.
Most ovens use electricity.
Most ovens use energy.
Most ovens use extra energy.
Most ovens use fans.
Some ovens can achieve narrow band width for most products much easier than the others.
Some ovens can run a bit cool at such low settings.
Some ovens draw out the air and force it back through a filter.
Some ovens generate microwave radiation.
Some ovens generate radiation.
Some ovens have fans.
Some ovens have reputations.
Some ovens provide various aids to cleaning.
Some ovens use electricity converted into heat energy to cook food.
Some ovens use microwave radiation.
Some ovens use radiation.
Ovenbird species have among the oddest common names of any birds.
An ovenbird is a warbler
Ovenbirds are birds.
Ovenbirds are some of the finest nest building craftsmen.
Ovenbirds are under-story feeders also.
Ovenbirds feed on the forest floor, probing around and under fallen leaves for food items.
Ovenbirds spend summer in the forests of the central and eastern U.S. and Canada.
Ovenbirds walk on the ground of woods turning over leaves with their bills.
All ovenbirds are generally nondescript, their plumage basically brown, tan, buffy, or grayish.
Over- defence is dangerous to the defender.
Over- exertion can be dangerous.
Over- teaching interferes with learning.
An over is a part
Overs can look very natural when done right, here's an excellent example of overs .
An overachiever is a student
Overachievers can sleep in, too.
Overactive bladder can also disrupt sleep, social interaction, relationships and sexual activity.
Overactive bladder can have a profound impact on patients and disrupt daily routines and activities.
Overactive bladder can usually be simply and effectively treated.
Overactive bladder is a chronic con-dition requiring long term therapy to maintain symptom relief.
Overactive bladder is a common type of bladder control problem and is never a normal part of aging.
Overactive bladder is a condition that robs many of their personal freedom.
Overactive bladder is an inevitable part of growing older.
Overactive bladder is characterized by frequent urination, including nighttime urination.
Overactive bladder is characterized by the following symptoms.
Overactive bladder is treatable.
Overactive bladder is treated by anti cholinergic or anti-muscarinic agents.
Overactive bladder means that the bladder contracts spastically.
Overactive bladder occurs when a large muscle in the bladder known as the detrusor is too active.
Overactive bladder remains widely underdiagnosed and undertreated.
Overactive bladders are diseases.
Overactive bowel sounds.
Overactive osteoclasts can damage bones in the middle ear that transmit sounds to the inner ear.
An overage is an assets
Overages Provides overages with every order at no additional cost.
Any overage goes into the tuition protection fund.
Overaged leaves have lost their fragrance, show a brownish hue and taste mostly bitter.
Overaggressive approaches end up in the drink behind the green.
Overall protein intake has effects.
An overall is a clothing
Overalls are a bad idea, because they are going to catch on rocks and such.
Overalls are a wardrobe essential.
Overalls are adorable with a fitted t-shirt, and access is simple.
Overalls are comfy.
Overalls are coveralls.
Overalls are to be over the shoulders and fastened on both sides.
All overalls have elastic in the back and buttons at the shoulder.
Overambitious goals are a frequent cause of stress Get adequate sleep.
Overarm protection secures the bale when lifting or transporting.
Overbearing parents send chills through admissions offices.
Overbearing stress can be a sign that something needs to change in our lives.
An overbite is malocclusion
Overbites are very common.
Overblows raise the pitch of the natural note, whereas normal bends lower the pitch.
All overboard drills assume that someone notices the person leaving the boat.
An overburden is a land
Overburden can contain layers with pyrite, which when exposed to air and water, can produce acid.
Overburden generally lacks any recoverable minerals and contains only trace amounts of metals.
Overburden is a compound word.
Overburden is absent.
Overburden is deposited in nearby valleys and hollows.
Overburden is generally thin to non-existent, particularly on the ridges.
Overburden Is layers of earth and rock covering a coal seam that is removed by using a dragline.
Overburden is removed prior to surface mining and replaced after the coal is taken from the seam.
Overburden is stripped from zones of ironstone boulder concretions.
Overburden is the soil and minerals that are removed in the mining process.
Overburden is thin, keeping stripping ratios low.
Overburdens are lands.
Overburdened sentences originate in a lack of focus and organization.
Overburdened taxpayers deserve to be able to keep more of their hard-earned income.
An overcall is a bidding
Overcalls apply to all of the plans.
Most overcalls are something that resembles a decent opening bid with some playing strength.
Overcap style has clear polypropylene cap.
Overcast conditions add moodiness to scenes and provide a simple, attractive background.
Overcast conditions are by far the most productive periods.
Overcast conditions help greatly when fishing in shallow, clear water.
Overcast days are also good for people pictures.
Overcast days are also good, since they produce even lighting.
Overcast days are good because there is little glare.
Overcast days are good for garden photography because an overcast sky evens out the contrast.
Overcast days are good for people pictures - just leave the gray sky out of the photo.
Overcast days are good for taking pictures because there are few shadows.
Overcast days are ideal for taking pictures of people because the soft lighting flatters skin tones.
Overcast days are no guarantee of sun-protection.
Overcast days are often better than sunny days.
Overcast days can be awesome.
Overcast days can lengthen the popping bug bite.
Overcast days require extra caution.
Overcast lighting is nice but the whole scene then becomes just gray.
Overcast skies are rare.
Overcast skies can look harmless, but the sun's rays can still burn a child's sensitive skin.
Overcast skies help to eliminate a deer's sight distance.
Overcast skies limit their ability to gather the solar radiation needed to take wing.
Overcast skies look bleak and unappealing in pictures.
Overcast skies produce the most uniform levels of illumination.
Overcast skies threaten the start time, while late classes threaten the lineups.
Overcast weather can also affect people suffering from seasonal affective disorder .
Overcast weather decreases UV-intensity.
Overcast isa weather.
An overcharge is charge
Overcharges alienate customers.
Overcharges are as high as several thousand dollars.
Overcharges are charge.
Overcharges erode customer loyalty, and undercharges cost the industry.
Overcharges strike companies both large and small, in a wide variety of enterprises.
Overcharges often are the result of incorrect or inaccurate hospital billing.
Overcharged batteries are much more common.
Overcharged chillers face an even greater risk of compressor damage than undercharged chillers.
An overcoat is a coat
Overcoats are made from a warm, heavy cloth or even animal fur.
An overcomer is a controller
Overcomers have the right to eat of the tree of life.
Overcomers is committed to such a needed ministry.
Overcomers is the perfect vehicle with which to facilitate such comfort.
Overcomers recognizes the difficulty of imparting that optimism by words alone.
Overcoming adversity can often make a person stronger.
Overcoming adversity has a way of adding physical muscle and mental determination.
Overcoming adversity is a popular storyline, whether it's fiction or journalism.
Overcoming adversity is a victory, indeed.
Overcoming adversity is nothing new to the area's diehards.
Overcoming adversity is something to be admired in people.
Overcoming adversity is the mark of a champion.
Overcoming adversity is what sets the true champion apart from the competition.
Overcoming adversity takes strength, conviction, and courage.
Overcoming ambition is it, the biggest.
Overcoming anorexia is a difficult task.
Overcoming anorexia is so very difficult.
Overcoming barriers is a challenge every person faces when making a career change.
Overcoming challenge creates learning, accomplishment, confidence and success.
Overcoming death is a big deal .
Overcoming death is a hard act to follow.
Overcoming denial is always the first step in treatment of addictions.
Overcoming denial is pure mastery.
Overcoming doubts concerning the fundamental teaching gives trust in the view.
Overcoming errors are part of the game.
Overcoming evil depends upon our willingness to forgive.
Overcoming fear is a Truth.
Overcoming fear is the biggest challenge to people starting out in sidewalk counseling.
Overcoming fear is what creates courage.
Overcoming fear takes extraordinary courage.
Overcoming fears leads to a sense of accomplishment.
Overcoming fears requires work.
Overcoming history is never easy.
Overcoming hunger is one of the keys to breaking out of the poverty trap.
Overcoming inertia is often the most difficult part of an adventure.
Overcoming inhibition can stimulate axonal regrowth and regeneration.
Overcoming inhibitions is only one step in raising one's sexual consciousness.
Overcoming limits comes naturally to humans.
Overcoming objections is an art unto itself.
Overcoming objections is mandatory for success in selling.
Overcoming objections means recognizing and neutralizing specific soft spots in one's candidacy.
Overcoming obstacles is about cause and effect and the knowledge that things are connected.
Overcoming obstacles is all in a day's work, and the clubhouse was no exception.
Overcoming obstacles is part of our earthly education.
Overcoming obstacles is simply one tool required in the work shed of successful people.
Overcoming obstacles is the price of achievement, the price of success.
Overcoming obstacles precipitated by insurance carriers is our specialty.
Overcoming oppression is a terribly difficult thing to do.
Overcoming panic can be a frightening process, making it difficult to do alone.
Overcoming poverty continues to be the greatest challenge confronted by our Hemisphere.
Overcoming poverty is our goal.
Overcoming procrastination involves prioritizing and learning to manage one's time.
Overcoming racism is an underlying theme of the book.
Overcoming rejection is often a prerequisite to success, and there are many cases to prove it.
Overcoming shyness is a gradual process.
Overcoming sleep is physical, disgust is vital, the urge to think is mental.
Overcoming stress can be just as difficult as diagnosing it as a problem.
Overcoming temptation is a matter of yielding to and abiding in the Holy Spirit.
Overcoming violence is possible.
An overcompensation is compensation
Overcompensation is a result of large time steps.
Overconditioned cows have more health and reproductive problems during the subsequent lactation.
An overconfidence is certainty
Overconfidence also tends to rise with the complexity of the problem.
Overconfidence apparently dies hard.
Overconfidence can be as damaging to a good meeting as stage fright.
Overconfidence encourages confirmation bias.
Overconfidence is a courier s best friend and worst enemy.
Overconfidence is a human trait extending beyond investing.
Overconfidence is nearly universal.
Overconfidence is observed in many professional fields.
Overconfidence is our greatest peril in natural resource management.
Overconfidence is part of our genetic legacy, but for managers, that can be a two-edged sword.
Overconfidence is the cause of many mistakes in the political world.
Overconfidence is well known to psychologists.
Overconfidence reflects an overestimate of the accuracy of one's predictions.
Overconfident traders can cause markets to underreact to the information of rational traders.
Overcooked fish is tough and dry.
Overcooking asparagus causes it to lose flavor and nutrients.
Overcooking fish is more trouble than doing it fast and right.
Overcropped trees are also subject to serious limb breakage problems.
Overcrowded airlines face intense pressure to move more passengers to more places in less time.
Overcrowded airports mean overcrowded runways, taxiways and ramps.
Overcrowded center is dangerous, a fire hazard and diverts limited state resources.
Overcrowded classrooms perpetuate the warehousing of children in tightly packed classrooms.
Overcrowded conditions create chronic anxiety and contribute to aggressive behavior.
Overcrowded conditions created by growth also cause rezoning of students.
Overcrowded conditions take a terrible toll on humanity.
Overcrowded courts create logistical problems for transporting prisoners.
Overcrowded displays contribute to statue damage.
Overcrowded housing can often lead to greater incidences of family conflict.
Overcrowded housing hurts the neighborhood and community too.
Overcrowded housing is a problem in the city.
Overcrowded jails place our security personnel at risk and hinder our daily operations.
Overcrowded plants are less vigorous because they have to compete for water and nutrients.
Overcrowded plants are more subject to disease problems.
Overcrowded prisons are ludicrous.
Overcrowded schools are a big issue here.
Overcrowded systems are hard to visualize and synopsize mentally or grasp quickly.
Overcrowded teeth are common.
Overcrowding blooms makes separation and grading difficult later.
Overcrowding ducks can be extremely detrimental to their health, growth or egg production.
Overcrowding today remains an issue.
Overdone chestnuts are dry, hard to chew, and lose their aroma.
All overdose deaths are preventable.
Most overdose patients require hospitalization.
Overdose teenagers consume sugar.
Overdraft protection allows transfers from savings or accesses a line of credit.
Overdraft protection can provide just that.
Overdraft protection is a form of credit.
Overdraft protection is a service that more and more banks are offering.
Overdraft protection is also available to qualified members.
Overdraft protection is also available.
Overdraft protection is available by linking the account to another deposit account.
Overdraft protection is available for eligible and qualified applicants.
Overdraft protection is available for qualified applicants.
Overdraft protection is available to qualified members.
Overdraft protection is available upon credit approval.
Overdraft protection is available, too.
Overdraft protection is available.
Overdraft protection is subject to a satisfactory credit review.
An overdraft is a draft
Overdraft is an unsustainable practice.
Overdraft is the natural result, and regulation is government's answer.
Overdraft limits on a personal account are usually roughly equivalent to one month's salary.
Overdrafts are contractually negotiated legal instruments.
Overdrafts are drafts.
Overdrafts are loans that create deposits.
Overdrafts are repayable on request.
Overdrafts are withdrawals.
Overdrafts can be embarrassing and even costly in terms of vendor relationships.
Overdrafts can be embarrassing, and overdraft charges are a needless expense.
Overdrafts can happen to anyone.
All overdrafts are repayable on demand.
Overdried grain can be as costly as grain that is wet.
Overdried vegetables result in the presence of brown spots.
Overdrive channel is also noiseless, and sounds great.
Overdrive gears decrease engine speed, reducing fuel consumption and engine wear.
Overdrive gears have the output shaft spinning faster than the input shaft.
Overdrive indicator lights up when in fifth gear.
Overdrive pedals claim to sound like a cranked tube amp.
Overdrive pedals simulate the warm sound and playing characteristics of an overdriven tube amp.
OverDrive processors have several changes made so that they can be used in older machines.
Overdrive transmissions are a great thing.
An overdrive is an activity
Overdrives are fairly dirty.
Overdriven chips are also more sensitive to environmental conditions.
Overdrying corn is an expensive practice.
Overdue accounts are subject to a monthly service charge.
Overdue accounts are subject to interest at base rate.
Overdue accounts are subject to interest charges.
Overdue accounts are subject to locking and suspension, pending payment.
Overdue accounts are subject to service charges.
Overdue accounts are subject to suspension.
Overdue accounts can expect the same priority as our invoice receives.
Overdue accounts result in suspended privileges.
All overdue accounts are subject to finance charges.
All overdue accounts are subject to interest charges.
Overdue bills are a sorry testimony to the world.
Overdue books are a plague upon mankind.
Overdue books are located in libraries.
Overdue books are subject to a five cent fine for every book for every day that they are late.
Overdue books are subject to fines.
Overdue books cause immediate suspension of borrowing privileges until the material is checked in.
All overdue books are subject to fines.
Any overdue book is subject to fine charges.
Overdue charges are applicable to lost or damaged books.
Overdue charges are five cents per school day.
Overdue charges are payable on all overdue items and are the same for all items and borrowers.
Overdue charges vary according to the type of material borrowed.
Overdue charges vary, depending on the type of material that is borrowed.
Overdue fees are ten cents per day per title.
Overdue fees continue to accrue until the item is returned or until the replacement cost is reached.
Overdue fines accrue to maximum amounts depending on the format.
Overdue fines accumulate from the new due date.
Overdue fines accumulate until the day the item is reported lost.
Overdue fines apply.
Overdue fines are applicable for any books that are overdue at the time of renewal.
Overdue fines are charged for late returns, so please ask for an extension if needed.
Overdue fines are due and payable at the time the library materials are returned.
Overdue fines are due and payable upon return of the overdue books.
Overdue fines are five cents per day for each piece of material borrowed.
Overdue fines are levied, and bills are sent for the cost of lost materials.
Overdue fines are non-refundable.
Overdue fines are payable to the lending library by the person whose name appears on the card.
Overdue fines are ten cents a day.
Overdue fines are ten cents per day for books.
Overdue fines are ten cents per day per book.
Overdue fines are the same as for books.
Overdue fines are the same as the main branch of the public library.
Overdue fines are twenty-five cents per day.
Overdue fines begin the day after the items are due.
Overdue fines continue to accrue on holidays and other days when the library is closed.
Overdue fines is seven cents per item per day past due date.
Overdue fines range from five cents per day and up, depending upon the type of material borrowed.
Overdue fines vary depending upon item type.
All overdue fines are due when the books are returned.
Overdue honor arrives The recognition comes more than a year late.
Overdue intervals vary for recalls, and other special loans.
Overdue invoices carry late payment and interest charges.
Overdue items accrue a one-dollar fine each hour they are overdue.
Overdue items are liable to a fine.
Overdue items are subject to the fine schedule below.
Overdue items attract fines.
All overdue items incur fines.
Overdue loans are as a percentage of total loans.
Overdue materials accrue fines daily.
Overdue materials are a critical problem.
Overdue materials are subject to a daily fine.
Overdue materials are subject to a late fee.
Overdue materials are subject to a ten cent per day fine.
Overdue materials are subject to fines as designated by the supplying library.
Overdue materials are subject to fines.
Overdue materials are subject to late fees at the rates listed below.
Overdue materials are subject to the lending institution's fine policy.
Overdue materials can jeopardize our relationship with the lending library.
Overdue materials jeopardize our ability to borrow.
Overdue materials jeopardize our ability to receive additional materials from the lending library.
All overdue material is subject to a replacement charge.
All overdue materials have fines assessed.
Most overdue materials accrue late charges at the rate of ten cents per day per item.
Overdue notice is generated the first day overdue.
Overdue notices are a courtesy the library provides.
Overdue notices are a courtesy.
Overdue notices are a voluntary service of the library.
Overdue notices are courtesy notices only.
Overdue notices are prepared and sent once each semester, approx.
Overdue notices come out about once a month.
Overdue notices go to the homeroom teachers who do their best to make sure materials are returned.
Overdue notification is a courtesy.
Overdue notification is two weeks after materials become overdue.
Overdue policies apply.
Overdue portion is primarily out of house brothers.
Overdue reminders are first by phone, then by notice sent by mail.
Overdue status is determined if item is kept too long.
Overdue videos are fifty cents per day.
Overeager action hurts romantic matters.
Overemphasizing text can reduce readability, comprehension and legibility.
Overexertion can bring on a heart attack - a major cause of death during and after winter storms.
Overexertion can bring on a heart attack.
Overexertion can lead to elevated cortisol levels, fatigue and depressed immune function.
Overexertion combined with heat and fatigue can quickly cause heat stroke which can cause death.
Overexertion depletes a muscle s oxygen supply, leading to build up of waste product and spasm.
Overexertion depletes a muscle's oxygen supply, leading to build up of waste product and spasm.
Overexertion is effort
Overexertion is effort.
Overexertion is one of the more common reasons for total-body achiness.
Overexertion is the nation's leading cause of workplace injuries.
Overexertion means over-sweating, and it burns up energy required for warmth.
Overexploitation affects the vast majority of the world s reefs.
Overexploitation can damage intertidals directly.
Overexploitation can lead to resource destruction, including extinctions .
Overexploitation is always a threat to any species.
Overexploitation is another reason species become endangered.
Overexploitation is development
Overexploitation is one of the main threats to global biodiversity .
Overexploitation occurs when a resource is consumed at an unsustainable rate.
Overexploitation reduces population sizes, affecting interactions within an ecosystem.
Overexploitation threatens one-third of endangered vertebrates , as well as other groups.
Overexposure can cause a rash, itching, redness, or sunburn.
Overexposure can cause impaired judgment, dizziness, headache, drowsiness and even death.
Overexposure can cause lung damage, including decreased lung function.
Overexposure can cause symptoms of non-fibrotic lung injury and membrane irritation.
Overexposure can cause unconsciousness, liver and kidney damage and death.
Overexposure can result in silicosis, a lung disease which in severe cases can be fatal.
Overexposure can severely irritate and burn the skin or eye causing permanent damage.
Overexposure causes painful burns on skin - lasts for days.
Overexposure causes painful swelling of skin - lasts for days.
Overexposure causes severe damage to target organs.
Overexposure dissipates brand equity.
Overexposure is a major fault in color slides.
Overexposure is a problem.
Overexposure is a useful technique, especially for 'planets'.
Overexposure is an area of major concern.
Overexposure is exposure
Overexposure is exposure.
Overexposure is final.
Overexposure tends to create images which are almost all blacks and whites with no middle tones.
Overfed fish are less active and live a shorter life.
Overfed horses are at greater risk for developing colic, foot disease and chronic fatigue.
Overfed puppies can develop serious medical problems later on in life.
Overfill protection is an overfill warning or prevention such as an automatic shutoff or buzzer.
Overfilled bags become too heavy and are difficult to manage.
Overfilled bottle are likely to be under-carbonated.
Overfilled jackets can be cumbersome in the cockpit.
Many overfished fisheries remain in a depleted condition today.
Overfitted networks have poor generalization capabilities.
Overflight is flight
Overflights can also disturb mammals such as bighorn sheep, antelope, walrus, seals, and sea lions.
Overflow accommodations are within a ten minute drive.
Overflow camping is limited.
Overflow cans are used to submerge the solid object, being measured for volume, in water.
Overflow code can write additional commands to an application, effectively hijacking it.
Overflow condition can cause a complete copy.
Overflow crowds enjoy their meals at picnic tables outdoors.
Overflow crowds ringing the OFs of small parks is a frequent occurrence.
Overflow error becomes possible.
Overflow height is clipped from the bottom of the media object.
Overflow incontinence happens when small amounts of urine leak from a bladder that is always full.
Overflow incontinence happens when small amounts of urine leak from a full bladder.
Overflow incontinence is a common kind of urinary incontinence that occurs in older men.
Overflow incontinence is a frequent or constant dribble of urine.
Overflow incontinence is a physical obstruction that prevents the bladder from emptying completely.
Overflow incontinence is caused by enlargement of the prostate, which is common in older men.
Overflow incontinence is common in older men when an enlarged prostate gland constricts the urethra.
Overflow incontinence is common in older men.
Overflow incontinence is enuresis.
Overflow incontinence is leakage occurring with over distention of the bladder.
Overflow incontinence is leakage occurring with overdistension of the bladder.
Overflow incontinence is most common in older men.
Overflow incontinence is rare in women.
Overflow incontinence is relieved by reduction or removal of the obstruction.
Overflow incontinence is the leakage of small amounts of urine from a bladder that is always full.
Overflow incontinence is the uncontrolled leakage of small amounts of urine from a full bladder.
Overflow incontinence is urinary incontinence
Overflow incontinence is when small amounts of urine constantly leak.
Overflow incontinence occurs in chronic urine retention when the bladder is always full.
Overflow incontinence results from urinary retention that causes the bladder to be overfilled.
Overflow noise is preventable and is normally identified in system tests.
Overflow pages are pages that exist outside of the normal database structure.
Overflow pallets get DBMC rate.
Overflow parking is across the street.
Overflow parking is along the west side of entry road.
Overflow parking is available at neighboring businesses.
Overflow parking is available at the amphitheater parking lot.
Overflow parking is available for a charge at area businesses and homes.
Overflow parking is available in the vacant office center to the east of the facility.
Overflow parking is available nearby.
Overflow parking is available on adjacent city streets.
Overflow parking is available on adjacent streets and in various downtown public parking lots.
Overflow parking is available on the south side of the recreation center building.
Overflow parking is available on the street or at clearly marked adjacent lots.
Overflow parking is available outside the campground.
Overflow parking is available.
Overflow parking is in larger area just north of ranger station.
Overflow participants ring the pool.
Overflow policies vary with each department.
Overflow policy varies within each department.
Overflow procedure handling page splitting produces the delimiter appended to the upper level.
Overflow solution is collected for recycling.
Overflow space is booked at a nice hotel at the next stop of the trolley.
Overflow water passes over the sides of the culture tube and down the drain.
Overflow width is clipped from the right of the media object.
Some overflow work is immediately available.
Overflow is flow
Overflows occur when stormwater exceeds the capacity of the sewer system.
Overgrazed areas result an increase of annual forbs in most woodland vegetation types.
Overgrow plants lose leaves.
Overgrow plants lose lower leaves.
Some overgrown parts remain.
Overgrown vegetation gives a burglar more privacy.
An overgrowth is richness
Overgrowth inside is the cultivation of abandonment, a rewriting of rules.
Overgrowth is a work in progress, so be sure to subscribe to our blog for a new update every day.
Overgrowth is hopeless abandon.
Overgrowth kills the loser.
Overgrowth now hinders seeing the road spur to Lost Lake.
Overgrowths are profusion.
Overhang trees provide additional protection.
Overhang trees provide protection.
An overhang is a projection
Overhang isa structure.
Overhang measures the dilutive impact of a new or amended stock plan.
Overhangs are glass weld fascia with plywood painted soffits.
Overhangs are minimal.
Overhangs are most common with deer and other hoofed animals.
Overhangs are most effective at midday.
Some power comes from contraction.
Some power comes from flippers.
Some power comes from front flippers.
Some power comes from gods.
Some power comes from hydroelectric plants.
Some power comes from large front flippers.
Some power comes from muscular shoulders.
Some power comes from plants.
Some power comes from shoulders.
Some power comes from strong shoulders.
Some power depends on elevation.
Some power depends on types.
Some power depends on weight.
Some power does, indeed, come out of the barrel of a gun.
Some power drives diggers.
Some power drives post hole diggers.
Some power enhances power.
Some power has advantage.
Some power has many advantage.
Some power has properties.
Some power has voltage.
Some power increases voltage.
Some power is consumed by bulbs.
Some power is consumed by circuits.
Some power is consumed by light bulbs.
Some power is generated by wind.
Some power is generated from hydro and geothermal sources.
Some power is left in situ for a week or two more for site crew catering, the fencing crew, etc.
Some power is produced by generators.
Some power is produced by radios.
Some power is produced by regions.
Some power is produced by steam.
Some power is produced by turbines.
Some power is produced by wind turbines.
Some power is transfered by devices.
Some power is used by circuits.
Some power is used by electric circuits.
Some power leads to injuries.
Some power produces engines.
Some power reduces consumption.
Some power reduces heat.
Some power reduces tube heat.
Some power requires heat water.
Some power requires materials.
Some power requires water.
Some power runs gadgets.
Some power triggers crises.
Some powers are also mutually exclusive in the game as before.
Some powers have a longer wait until they are performed, but are devastating if they connect.
Some powers respond more to the honeyed voice of the diplomat.
Powerboat racing involves lots of skill, lots of money, and lots of risk.
Powerboat racing is a very much family-oriented sport.
A powerboat is a boat
Powerboats are limited to single electric motors of one horsepower or less.
Powerboats are one of the main causes of death to the manatee.
Powered aircraft make their own lift with an engine.
All powered armor is sealed against chemical, biological, and atmospheric threats.
Powered converters are recommended on most vehicles with LED taillights.
Powered flight allows access to flying insects.
Powered flight has enormous energy costs.
Powered flight is possible because air is a fluid.
Powered mixers are extremely versatile by nature.
Powered mowers contribute to noise pollution and hearing loss.
Powered Parachutes are fun, safe, and easy to learn.
Powered parachutes are the easiest powered aircraft to pilot.
Powered parachutes are the fastest growing segment of light aviation.
Powered Parachutes are the fastest growing segment of the light aviation industry.
Powered Parachutes are the safest type of wing available.
Powered Parachutes are very large with slow steering response times and large inertial movements.
Powered respirators minimize the problems associated with breathing resistance.
All powered sites are drive-through.
Powered toothbrushes are another excellent gift idea.
Powered winches are standard.
Powerful abilities come from patient, focused practice.
Powerful accountability takes time.
Powerful advertising is an essential ingredient of our growth plan.
Powerful Advertising Stay a step ahead of the competition.
Powerful aftershock hits El Salvador.
Many powerful algorithms exist for finding proofs in formal logical systems.
Powerful alliances create synergy between companies.
More powerful amplifier produces clearer sound.
Powerful anecdotes form the basis of media reports on the issue.
Powerful anecdotes frame the reasons for avoiding dreams.
Powerful applications make complex calculations, graphs, and reports quick and easy.
More powerful applications are more resource consuming, in both development and use.
Powerful arguments support a brief solar system chronometry.
More powerful attacks deal more damage, but drain stamina.
Powerful ball bearing motor is totally enclosed Internal pressure regulator.
Powerful boats move about half of Minnesota's crop of grain downriver to world markets.
Powerful bodies are often behind such unscrupulousness.
Powerful bombs produce effects.
Powerful bombs produce more distant effects.
Most powerful bombs produce effects.
Most powerful bombs produce more distant effects.
Powerful brands have staying power far beyond the life of their products if managed creatively.
Powerful brands provide security of demand and competitive differentiation.
Powerful calculus features Integration, derivatives, minimums, maximums, roots, and arcs.
Powerful cams require the use of equally matched, precision made valve train components.
Powerful changes can occur in the body through the use of imagery.
Powerful characters generate powerful drama.
Powerful coalitions form around every wasteful government program.
Powerful commands exist for modifying traces to increase routability.
Powerful communicators use many techniques to influence society.
More powerful comparisons are useful when strings encode structured data such as times or lists.
Powerful compression creates the smallest .
Powerful compression creates the smallest .exe possible.
Powerful compression creates the smallest.
Powerful compression creates the.
Powerful computers are key to genomics research.
Powerful computers are now less expensive to acquire and software is much easier to use.
Powerful computers assist geologists in interpreting their findings.
Powerful computers beep whenever keys are pressed or the screen changes.
Powerful computers play pivotal roles in all the new observatories.
More powerful computers allow for more colors at higher resolutions.
More powerful computers cost more, adding to the cost of transactions.
Powerful concepts demand a guiding vision of equal power.
More powerful configurations produce substantially faster results.
Powerful contact means forcible striking with clearly visible mass and velocity.
Powerful contributions represent far-reaching measurable results that last.
Powerful controls are only a mouse click away on webpages that are designed to load quickly.
Powerful countries are interested in economic gain and stability.
Powerful cranes use an electromagnetics to move scrap iron and steel, seperate metals for recycling.
Powerful currents stir within, evidenced only by ripples on the surface.
Powerful database selecting ability can accurately find specific receivers.
Powerful demons come unbound.
Powerful deodorant comes in a handy little bottle.
Powerful detergents clean away soap scum, body oils, and lotions.
Powerful digestive enzymes break down materials.
Powerful documentary traces the history of black music.
Powerful drama reaches the hardest heart.
Powerful dramatizations illustrate the key points covered in each program.
Powerful dreamers can cast out emanations of dream into other planes, thus influencing reality.
Powerful drills are best for making big holes in tough materials.
Powerful drugs are dangerous.
Powerful earthquakes can shake firm ground violently for great distances.
Powerful earthquakes can shake firm ground violently from great distances.
Powerful earthquakes destroy structures.
Most powerful earthquakes destroy structures.
Some powerful earthquakes occur in rings.
More powerful economies can offer higher return on savings.
All powerful education is an adventure that can be narrated.
Powerful electromagnets are attached to the bottom of the train as well as on the track.
Powerful electromagnets are used to operate electromagnetic trains, lifts and escalators.
Powerful elephants range through their jungle habitat.
Powerful emotions are the common denominator linking the show's vignettes.
Powerful emotions can arise around finances, intimacy and self-worth issues.
Powerful emotions end in a moment of truth for all three.
Powerful encryption is part of the package.
Powerful encryption poses real challenges for law enforcement and national security efforts.
Powerful enemies await.
Some powerful enemies drop high-level items more frequently than others.
Powerful engines moan in the distance as jumbo jets spiral in for a landing.
Powerful enzymes break down materials.
Most powerful enzymes break down materials.
Powerful equipment is needed to spray large trees adequately.
Powerful events deserve a book which lives beyond the life span of the participants.
Powerful evidence follows.
Powerful experiences seem to generate their own energy and evolve almost effortlessly.
Powerful explosions occur incessantly in Central Crater.
Powerful extraction leaves carpets dry enough to walk on when cleaning is completed.
Some powerful facts support that assertion.
Powerful falls can almost run upstream.
Powerful fans create complex airflow patterns.
Powerful features allow data to be compared with other data from different periods.
Powerful features enable organizations.
Powerful features make matrix creation and modification fast.
Powerful features require powerful hardware.
Most powerful features enable organizations.
Powerful film deals with post-war racism and antisemitism.
Powerful filter provides a general and flexible mechanism for user to reject unwanted packets.
Powerful filters isolate the information most relevant to the problem at hand.
Powerful filters keep our water clean.
Powerful filters make it easy to view tasks in certain categories or by project.
Powerful filters make it easy.
Powerful flippers propel the plesiosaur's sleek body through the water.
Powerful floodlights make it easy to see at nights.
Powerful fonts search.
Powerful forces act against the development of sustainable agriculture.
Powerful forces are at play just below the veneer of the status quo.
Powerful forces begin to move in Japan to prepare for the storm to come.
Powerful forces can be at work in that final question.
Powerful forces reside in the blossom of a plant that glows in the dark on the night of a full moon.
Many powerful forces make it so.
Some powerful forces overcome inertia.
Some powerful forces reduce cost.
Powerful gear motors provide torque.
Powerful gear driven claws grab bottles, cans, small objects and debris.
Powerful gears draw the finished braid along, keeping everything under the proper tension.
Powerful Girls Have Powerful Bones.
Powerful graphics make the results easy to read and understand.
Powerful hardware can make even today's bloated software work faster.
Powerful hardware enables the speech recognition servers to scale.
Powerful herbs can have side effects if taken continuously over long periods.
Some powerful herbs improve functions.
Some powerful herbs improve liver functions.
Powerful herbicides are then to be sprayed on the coca fields from small aircraft.
Powerful humectants ensure optimal moisture balance for increased hair volume.
Powerful hurricanes form in the Atlantic each hurricane season.
Powerful icebreakers keep a channel clear so that the port is open to shipping all year.
Powerful ideas tend to provide an enduring framework for educational renewal and improvement.
Powerful illustrations accompany a powerful story.
Powerful illustrations add a presence to the book that is at once childlike and ancient.
Powerful images abound in the film.
Powerful images are no substitute for political muscle and continued organizing.
Powerful incentives are available for new and expanding businesses.
Powerful incumbents are almost impossible to overthrow.
Powerful individuals swell and then are reduced to nothing.
Powerful information delivered in a simple, concise format can provide powerful results.
Powerful information transforms marginal teams into winners.
Some powerful instruments have trouble.
Powerful interests portray and treat people with disability as being of little importance.
Many powerful interests are at stake in the process of the enlargement.
More powerful inverters are available by mail.
Powerful jaws aid in consumption.
Powerful jaws aid in food consumption.
Powerful jaws allow the koala to chew the leaves into a very fine paste.
Powerful jaws are able to crush bones with ease.
Powerful jaws consist of teeth.
Powerful jaws crush mollusks, crabs and encrusting animals.
Powerful jaws have teeth.
Powerful jaws serve purposes.
Most powerful jaws consist of teeth.
Most powerful jaws have teeth.
Most powerful jaws serve purposes.
Some powerful jaws crush bones.
Powerful jets spew out of the star.
Powerful language can allow individuals to connect in creative communication.
Powerful language constructs maximize developer productivity.
Powerful leaders can lie, cheat and steal from their subjects all day long.
Powerful leaders create an aura of mass support and act in idiosyncratic, dictatorial ways.
Powerful leaders fight over priorities.
Powerful leaders influence followers to do what they want done.
Powerful leaders lead with their hearts.
Powerful leadership comes from the inside out.
Powerful legends can collect around powerful figures like halos on a saint.
Powerful legislators can influence the bureaucracy to move in ways that suit their interests.
More powerful lenses make small details look big, but less of the total object is visible.
More powerful lenses make small details look big, but less of the total object is visible.
Powerful leverage closes seals.
Powerful lights can hurt or help.
Powerful lights come on at night to attract fish to the beach and pier.
Powerful lobbies favor a ban on Internet gambling.
Many powerful lobbies have a great deal at stake.
Powerful Love is indeed powerful and talks about happy love.
Powerful lycanthropes can resist a vampire's call, or even interfere with the call.
Powerful lyrics are about the very personal nature of racism.
Some powerful magic is forged for their defense.
Powerful magnets are used in cranes.
Powerful magnets can actually pull the strings towards the pickup, dampering the vibrations.
Powerful magnification is now possible, showing the intestinal organs in great detail.
Powerful massagers are great after a long day.
More powerful medication can do the trick and surgery can be an option too.
Powerful Medicines Reach out and grab a sponge.
Powerful methods are in existence for the solution of such systems.
Many powerful methods require surprisingly little new technology.
Powerful microcomputers are difficult to coordinate and administer on a network.
Powerful microprocessors are available that are both abundant and inexpensive.
More powerful models cost much more.
Powerful molars are used to bite through thick stems and roots of low-lying shrubs and other plants.
Powerful motor crushes a tray of cubes quickly.
Powerful motor grinds faster, prevents heat build-up assuring fullest coffee aroma and flavor.
Powerful motor grinds from coarse to fine in seconds.
Powerful motors provide torque.
Most powerful motors provide torque.
Powerful muscles provide leverage and gripping power at the front part of the jaws.
Powerful music is powerful music.
Powerful nations escape the penalty for crimes they committed against humanity.
Powerful networks allow business meetings in which the participants are on separate continents.
Powerful nutrients protect against diseases.
Powerful nutrients protect against heart diseases.
Most powerful nutrients protect against diseases.
Most powerful nutrients protect against heart diseases.
Powerful operators allow for concise, yet still readable, programs.
Powerful oxidants can cause explosion.
Powerful page formatting The page formatting can treat the page like a screen canvas.
Many powerful painkillers are available now that make marijuana look second-rate at best.
Powerful partnerships are at the heart of effective programming.
More powerful parties are more likely to wish to deter, suppress, repress, or control conflict.
Powerful people are able to impose their definitions of deviance on others.
Powerful people believe minorities are inferior.
Powerful people can be powerfully good.
Powerful people can be ultra-stern task masters and shore up their power by doing so.
Powerful people can become allies.
Powerful people eat here.
Powerful people exert enormous amounts of influence over others.
Powerful people feel good about winning.
Powerful people know how to find their niche.
Powerful people know how to make long lasting relationships.
Powerful people know that freedom is the result of self-discipline.
Powerful people know that getting there is all the fun.
Powerful people know when they get there.
Powerful people pray.
Powerful people speak slowly, clearly, and distinctly because they are important enough to be heard.
Powerful people stay in power by empowering their offspring.
Powerful people tend to be persuasive and their ideas tend to be accepted by others.
Powerful people trust their instincts.
Most powerful people have enormous sex drives.
Some powerful people are above the law.
Powerful performances Be consistent.
Powerful performances lift the film above of the ordinary.
Some powerful poems explore minds.
Powerful poison has origins.
Powerful poisons produced by the bacteria cause the muscles to contract uncontrollably in spasms.
Most powerful poison has origins.
Powerful politicians market the mystique of access.
Powerful poster gives parents specific ways to communicate with children.
Powerful Prayers Make Powerful Saints.
Powerful predators have heads.
Powerful predators have senses.
Powerful predators play roles.
Most powerful predators have heads.
Most powerful predators have senses.
Most powerful predators play roles.
Powerful presentations start here.
More powerful presentations are achievable when editors are involved.
Many powerful programs exist for finding proofs in formal logical systems or for teaching logic.
Powerful pumps cycle the hot water out of the reactor core into enormous steam generators.
Powerful quakes trigger avalanches.
Powerful questions are the hallmark of Inner Circle.
Powerful relationships begin with great communication.
Powerful Results come from creating a plan and getting into action.
Powerful rivers gush down from the mountains providing world-class rafting opportunities.
Powerful routines allow data to be manipulated at the field level.
Powerful scheduler can automatically pick up and deliver Internet mail.
Powerful scheduling based on time, event or complex dependency is supported to enhance productivity.
Powerful searches make it easy to locate any important piece of information.
Powerful searches Use keywords to indicate the interest level or content of stock.
Powerful security is built into the program to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive information.
Powerful servers cost more initially but can service more users.
Powerful servers require capable clients.
Powerful shoulders allow the dog to work for long hours without a break.
Powerful simplicity is how many describe it.
Powerful skater needs to work on playing full game every night.
Powerful slides appear on two side screens to support the moods in the play.
Powerful software enhances the board's capabilities.
Powerful software has functionality that is nontrivial.
Powerful software is used for system design.
Powerful software needs powerful technical documentation to really release the full capabilities.
Powerful software supports programming, data retrieval, and data display.
Powerful software works with any browser.
Powerful solutions can only come from strong relationships with customers.
More powerful solutions are on the way.
Powerful sources can underwrite the costs of gathering information.
Powerful speakers carry the sound to the thousands who ring the harbour to listen.
Powerful speakers use language skillfully.
More powerful spells take more mana to play.
More powerful stakeholders allow participation of the less powerful.
Powerful statistics offer in-depth analysis and modelling to generate reliable information fast.
Powerful storms can roar across the land bringing tornadic winds and drenching rainfall.
Powerful storms have wind.
Powerful storms lash the coast with heavy rain, strong winds and sometimes severe beach erosion.
Most powerful storms have wind.
Some powerful storms destroy farms.
Every powerful story antes up with reason as an alibi.
Powerful stuff is belief .
Powerful suction ensures deep down cleaning.
Powerful suction gets carpet cleaner.
Powerful superstar delivers the short or long wave output of two ordinary lamps.
Any powerful supplement has the potential to push dormant health conditions to the surface.
Powerful surges can jump the traces in the wiring or be induced in the conductors.
Powerful swimming is combined with close choreography to create synchronized routines.
Powerful symbolism is seen in Native American sand paintings , medicine wheels and shields.
Powerful symbolism is seen in Native American sand paintings, medicine wheels and shields.
Powerful systems deserve powerful memory.
Powerful taboos prevent dissent.
Powerful Tactics Learn the survival skills to compete in the world of e-business.
Powerful Tag Browsing capability provides easy and seamless connection to compatible devices.
Powerful tarpon haunt the mangrove creeks and deeper channels.
Powerful techniques allow efficient generation and recovery of zebrafish mutations.
Powerful techniques are available that help companies deliver high value.
Powerful technologies exist for capturing and sharing knowledge.
Powerful technology delivers.
Many powerful technologies force users to endure lengthy learning curves.
Powerful telescopes can see far into space, making far away objects look closer and brighter.
Powerful telescopes show that it is really three stars in a group.
More powerful telescopes allow scientists to see all the planets more clearly, including Uranus.
Powerful testimonials have certain elements in common.
Powerful testimonials paint a terrifying portrait of what really happens to smokers.
Powerful text is meant for a more mature reader on the upper middle level and higher.
Powerful text searching capability extends the way users can access data in their agendas.
Powerful thoughts are more potent if they are heart-focused.
Powerful tides carve hiding places that shelter cownose rays, moray eels and king angelfish.
Powerful tools are at hand for developing long-term relationships and profitability.
Powerful tools are available for previewing a movie under construction.
Powerful tools are available to help contractors manage their business.
Powerful tools are out there.
Powerful tools enable automatic code generation, hardware diagnostics and software debugging.
Powerful tools enable users to edit and manage their data.
Powerful tools enable users to retrieve, append, print, reformat, and edit data.
Many powerful tools are available for download to members, and lots of resources for HTML authors.
Some powerful tools are used by astronomers.
Some powerful tools are used by scientists.
Some powerful tools help students.
Powerful transformations are under way as companies blend their traditional and Internet businesses.
More powerful Transmitters are available for Law Enforcement, Military and Federal Use only.
Powerful unions ensure that no meaningful reform takes place.
More powerful units can.
More powerful upgrades come with the risk of malfunctions.
Powerful verbs increase the script's pacing, while weak verbs decrease pacing.
Powerful Verbs Look for verbs that thrust the reader into the experience.
Powerful water pump supplies cooling water to the blade through the blade guard.
Powerful waves can also break rock by hydraulic action.
Powerful waves make it ultra-hard to hang ten the first time out, but it s fun trying.
Most powerful way is plasma longitudinal waves .
Powerful weapons ensure victory.
Powerful web based administration tool allows user configuration.
Powerful winds create sandstorms and dust storms.
Powerful women are a rare breed.
Powerful women partners The firm makes a great effort to hire minorities, reports one associate.
Powerfull editor can produce different forms of report based on the report templates.
A powerhouse is a team
Powerhouse comes with the highest recommendation.
Powerhouse is a family-friendly theatre company.
Powerhouse is located on the far side of the spillway.
Powerhouse is open to all fitness levels and all ages.
Powerhouses are actors.
Powerhouses are teams.
Powerhouses range from small gasoline generators to nuclear reactors.
Powerline collision is a major factor causing crane mortality.
Powerline trail is a great rollercoaster ride - up, down, through streams.
PowerMate computers offer excellent performance and outstanding value.
Powerpack failure causes a loss or erratic spark to one or more plugs.
PowerPAD packages are available in several standard surface mount configurations.
PowerPC code is included once again.
Powersoft products are also available on the contract under the per product model.
Powhatan members serve the community in many capacities by supporting several charitys.
Powwow drums have power and are a source of good medicine for the people.
Powwow images Click each thumbnail image for a printable version.
Many powwow participants feel that the powwow world has become too money-oriented.
Most powwow songs consist of a set of phrases which are repeated several times.
A powwow is a conference
PowWow has to be highly recommended as the best chat software around.
Powwows are a time to renew old friendships and create new ones.
Powwows are a very important part of Native American cultures.
Powwows are community events and Native American art fills the museums and galleries.
Powwows are councils.
Powwows are dynamic, energetic celebrations showcasing dancing, visual arts, music and food.
Powwows are great.
Powwows are non-profit.
Powwows are peaceful celebrations involving the earth and the people involved.
Powwows are special occasions for many Native American families.
Powwows are the best part of the of our school day.
Powwows are truly fascinating to observe.
Powwows contain singing, dancing, eating and trading, and usually last for days.
Powwows embody critical local values, the many aspects of community and sharing.
Powwows naturally provide such opportunities.
Powwows present a great opportunity for non-natives to learn about Native culture.
Most powwows feature the style of dancing and singing particular to the tribe hosting the powwow.
Some powwows are ceremonial and private while others are open to the public.
Pox isa disease.
A poxvirus is an animal virus
Poxviruses are animal viruses.
Poxviruses are structurally more complex than simple bacteria , despite their close resemblance.
Poxviruses are the largest and most complex viruses known.
Poxviruses are unique amongst viruses in that they encode serine proteinase inhibitors or serpins.
Poxviruses contain both specific and common proteins.
Poxviruses practice DNA replication solely in the cytoplasm.
Poxviruses replicate in the cytoplasm and make their own enzymes for nucleic acid replication.
Most poxviruses are host-species specific, but vaccinia is a remarkable exception.
Poynor soils are loamy-skeletal over clayey.
PPA members have most types of self-propelled watercraft available for rental to the general public.
PPA members practice in primary and specialty fields.
PPA membership is required.
PPDC meetings are open to the public.
PPIG members pay an annual membership fee to defray the administration costs of the program.
Prac teaching has a dual role.
Practical action can follow from clear analysis.
Practical action helps to reduce the fear of crime and to improve community spirit.
Practical action is a sporting challenge.
Practical action is enhanced with sociological learning and reflection.
Practical action is semantic or textual, rather than abstract or causal.
Practical action means solving real-world problems.
Practical actions is needed.
Practical activities are diverse in nature and extent.
Practical activities are in an easy to use format for very young pupils.
Practical activities support student preparation for immediate business opportunities.
Practical activity is perspectival and holistic.
Practical adaptation is hampered by culture shock, racism, and prejudice.
Practical advice includes writing exercises and market tips.
Practical advice is available.
Practical advice is coupled with detailed profiles of virtually every freshwater fish.
Practical advice is far more useful.
Practical advice is given on everyday living as well as future planning.
Practical advice is given on how to plan, reference and write up essays and dissertations.
Practical advice is provided on how to reduce absenteeism and increase employee productivity.
Practical advice is relevant.
Practical aid is given through rural development programs.
Practical alignments are usually a few thousand nucleotides.
Practical analysis is combined with peer-reviewed, high quality research articles.
Practical answers vary depending upon the pest involved.
A practical application is use
Practical application comes easily by com- parison.
Practical application constitutes an integral portion of class activities.
Practical application gives a purpose or context to the calculation.
Practical application includes extensive case analysis and a real-world group research project.
Practical application includes the design and installation of a residential air conditioning system.
Practical application is achieved through projects centered in the local or regional community.
Practical application is achieved through song literature selected from all historical periods.
Practical application is carried out by the student while supervising our dining room.
Practical application is covered culminating in the development of a homepage.
Practical application is emphasized.
Practical application is included.
Practical application is made through a variety of sports.
Practical application is made to participants' own worldview and spiritual development.
Practical application is made to sedimentology.
Practical application is probably a year away.
Practical application is provided in the laboratory.
Practical application is provided through assignments and miniclass lecturing.
Practical application is provided through field exercises and road trips.
Practical application is provided through laboratory active ties.
Practical application is provided through projects performed in the business community.
Practical application is required in experiential settings.
Practical application is stressed.
Practical application is the best education in dance.
Practical application is used.
Practical application is vital.
Practical application needs to be considered here too.
Practical application shows a different picture.
Practical application takes place in a hospital setting in the form of a practicum.
Practical applications abound.
Practical applications accompany the weekly studies and scripture memory is included.
Practical applications are a central focus.
Practical applications are essential as well.
Practical applications are obvious from the following example.
Practical applications are provided by exercises and medical record analysis.
Practical applications are still years or decades away.
Practical applications are the focal point.
Practical applications arise in the fields of information management, into information processing.
Practical applications being investigated include daily injection of leptin agonists or antagonists.
Practical applications characterize the instructor's approach and course content.
Practical applications cover methods.
Practical applications form an integral part of the course.
Practical applications involve field trips and map and aerial photograph interpretation.
Practical applications provide a test of the efficacy and usefulness of learning algorithms.
Practical applications range from creating new beers to developing new cancer drugs.
Practical applications require students to be both responsive and imaginative.
Many practical applications exist for lucid dreaming.
Many practical applications have a significant number of terms to be optimized.
Most practical applications cover methods.
Most practical applications work with n-ary constraints directly.
Practical approaches improve development.
Most practical approaches improve development.
Some practical approaches help women.
Practical arithmetic has a long tradition in mathematics teaching in Germany.
Some practical aspects bear a little consideration.
Practical assessment can be through internal assessment or a practical exam.
Practical assignments deal with precision measurement and metal working.
Practical assignments require the use of creativity to solve design problems.
Practical assistance is very important to survivors of torture.
Practical barriers exist to creating more private schools through vouchers.
Practical book provides interesting activities and experiments.
Most practical calorimeters are combined electromagnetic and hadronic detectors.
Practical cases illustrate the theory where appropriate.
Practical cases present real-world problems.
Practical ceramics are far more complex than the simple compositions treated by sintering theory.
Practical channels introduce errors in the transmitted data.
Practical charts help pin-point common symptoms of disease.
Practical chemistry seems a little touchy, too.
Practical classes complement and support the lectures.
Practical classes develop student competence in introductory chiropractic skills.
Practical classes illustrate aspects of the lecture course.
Practical classes introduce students to psychological methods and basic statistical procedures.
Practical codes are normally block codes.
Practical cognition makes choices based upon information supplied by epistemic cognition.
Practical component includes planetary observations and dark-sky field trip.
Practical Concerns Make a map of the field.
Some practical conclusions seem to follow.
Practical conservation is an excellent way of getting fit and feeling good physically.
Practical considerations are obviously one thing.
Practical considerations complicate the selection of calibration measurements.
Practical considerations dictate that informal assessments of capacity occur frequently.
Practical considerations disappear from view.
Practical considerations occupy the majority of ones time.
Practical considerations regarding money, career and health are other common areas of inquiry.
Practical considerations seem to favour using the former arrangement now.
Practical cooperation is a key strength of our partnership.
Practical courses address the needs of the student's daily Christian life.
Practical courses require work-related projects.
Practical creativity develops and grows through ongoing repetition.
Practical data handling software types are to be elaborated yet.
Practical decoders make extensive use of pruning.
Practical demonstrations are far more important than technical double-talk.
Practical details follow.
Practical diets tend to be borderline in pantothenic acid.
Practical difficulties are no less formidable.
Practical difficulties preclude such an approach.
Many practical dodges seem quite possible.
Practical education is emphasised in agriculture, carpentry and sewing.
Practical education is usually the missing element in making a method work in an industrial setting.
Practical effect is limited until higher courts rule.
Practical elements form a large part of each course.
Practical emphasis is given to corporate entities, capital markets, as well as stock markets.
Practical ethics is an ethics for real people, living real lives.
Practical evidence supports cell grazing benefits.
Practical evolutions are very physical and strenuous.
Practical evolutions give participants hands-on training to reinforce their skills.
Practical exams are definitely a challenge in the biological and biomedical sciences.
Practical exams are multiple choice and set-up as stations in the lab room.
Practical exams require students to show understanding using laboratory skills to address problems.
Practical examinations are to be introduced later.
Practical examples are what is needed.
Practical examples cover both indigenous minorities, immigrants, and refugees.
Practical examples give teachers at all levels of professional development ideas they can use.
Practical examples help students apply important ideas.
Practical examples help students.
Practical examples help, of course.
Practical examples illustrate the procedure.
Practical examples show how avatars can be conditioned to make choices under a range of conditions.
Practical examples show the validity of the approach.
Most practical examples help students.
Practical exercises aim towards alignment and optimisation of imaging and performance parameters.
Practical exercises aim towards alignment and optimisation of imaging parameters.
Practical exercises apply primarily to watercolor, oil, gouache, acrylic, inks, and pastel.
Practical exercises are also part of the class.
Practical exercises are an important part of the course.
Practical exercises are an integral part of the module.
Practical exercises are assignments unless otherwise stated in a note.
Practical exercises consist of simple techniques for extraction and identification of soil animals.
Practical exercises demonstrate the applicability of the concepts and reinforce student skills.
Practical exercises expose students to some systems which are now commercially available.
Practical exercises form an important part of the learning experience.
Practical exercises help develop skills that are essential to unit leadership.
Practical exercises make students take appropriate enforcement actions.
Practical exercises offer the opportunity to apply the techniques covered in each tutorial.
Practical exercises provide instruction in controlling live fires.
Practical exercises reinforce knowledge of the course material.
Practical exercises reinforce theoretical knowledge.
Practical exercises replace boring theory in helping the reader learn hypnotism in just a few hours.
Practical exercises supplement in-class lectures and discussions.
Practical experience accompanying in studios is offered.
Practical experience can supplement the learning experience.
Practical experience conducting exercise and activities is obtained during the internship.
Practical experience counts.
Practical experience forms an important part of the course.
Practical experience gained by faculty members has a positive spillover effect in the classroom.
Practical experience handling domestic dogs is a plus.
Practical experience includes annual stage production of a musical.
Practical experience includes shop management and customer service.
Practical experience indicates that garlic can prevent good-night kisses.
Practical experience is a required part of the program.
Practical experience is achieved through actual laboratory experiments.
Practical experience is acquired through programming assignments in Pascal.
Practical experience is also an essential element of a biologist s training.
Practical experience is also critical.
Practical experience is an essential component of the computer science program.
Practical experience is an essential part of the students' preparation.
Practical experience is an important part of our educational concept.
Practical experience is an important part of the course work.
Practical experience is an integral part of the program.
Practical experience is another significant part of the program.
Practical experience is arranged and supervised.
Practical experience is attained in verbal, non-verbal and interpersonal communication.
Practical experience is available in a variety of clinical, educational, and medical settings.
Practical experience is available in industrial, business, governmental, or service organizations.
Practical experience is available in the use of psychological principles and methods.
Practical experience is balanced by a wide variety of conferences and didactic activities.
Practical experience is built into all areas of study.
Practical experience is considered very important.
Practical experience is critical to the curriculum.
Practical experience is emphasized by work in a design studio.
Practical experience is emphasized throughout the program both in the classroom and in the field.
Practical experience is gained by doing clinical work under supervision.
Practical experience is gained by participation in team projects.
Practical experience is gained by the student's rotation through all sections of the department.
Practical experience is gained by undertaking a research project on which a dissertation is written.
Practical experience is gained by working with clients from the community.
Practical experience is gained in building actual projects.
Practical experience is gained in creating queries and reports.
Practical experience is gained in the construction of set and stage materials.
Practical experience is gained through a class ensemble.
Practical experience is gained through a practicum in a community pharmacy.
Practical experience is gained through observation of local high school football teams.
Practical experience is gained through spreadsheet exercises.
Practical experience is gained through the design of circuits of relatively low complexity.
Practical experience is gained through the lab sessions.
Practical experience is gained through volunteer work and through field experience.
Practical experience is gained working on and organizing actual job sites.
Practical experience is given in banquet, restaurant and cafeteria food presentation techniques.
Practical experience is given in the general maintenance of diesel engines.
Practical experience is given in the use of all power and hand tools used by the carpenter.
Practical experience is illustrated through a range of examples taken from across the public sector.
Practical experience is important.
Practical experience is included with an emphasis in working safely with the animals.
Practical experience is included with emphasis in working safely with the animals.
Practical experience is included.
Practical experience is integrated with theoretical concepts in the sport management environment.
Practical experience is necessary before graduates are eligible for registration.
Practical experience is obtained by teaching actual earth science and physical geography classes.
Practical experience is obtained by working in the college foodservice operation.
Practical experience is offered to improve lighting, use of special effects, and advanced graphics.
Practical experience is often the ticket to success.
Practical experience is provided by means of practice sets for a specific business.
Practical experience is provided in an on-site preschool.
Practical experience is provided in the laboratory.
Practical experience is provided through both hypothetical and realized design assignments.
Practical experience is provided through extensive exercises throughout the workshop.
Practical experience is provided through field-based projects and internships.
Practical experience is provided through hands-on laboratory sessions.
Practical experience is provided through on-campus productions.
Practical experience is provided through participation in laboratory situations.
Practical experience is provided through role playing and recorded in class.
Practical experience is provided through the co-op program .
Practical experience is provided.
Practical experience is received by working on their own and customer's cars.
Practical experience is required before qualifying for certification.
Practical experience is required.
Practical experience is stressed.
Practical experience is supplemented by seminars.
Practical experience is the final component needed in an undergraduate program.
Practical experience leads to the same conclusion.
Practical Experience Operate and receive information on a ground-based weather station.
Practical experience provides the framework by which leadership theory is put to use.
Practical experience ranks at the top of the list of what employers like to see in job candidates.
Practical experience shows it, and statistics prove it.
Practical experience shows that consideration of human needs demands care for the environment.
Practical experience shows that repair rates tend to decrease rather than increase.
Practical experience shows that too much time is still being assigned to administrative tasks.
Practical experience working with electronics, electrical or communications equipment is helpful.
Practical experiences are part of the program.
Practical experiences are related to classroom organization, management, and learning activities.
Practical experiences can focus on food-related traditions and celebrations of many culture s.
Practical experiences involve assessment and other nursing skills.
Practical experiences play an integral role in understanding the course content.
Practical experiences promote examination of students' own attitudes about the aged and growing old.
Much practical experience is gained in the form of hands-on work, site study tours and case studies.
Practical experiments are therefore an integral component of the research.
Practical experiments show the advantages and drawbacks of the fusion approach.
Many practical factors make living on campus a good choice.
All practical filters have some ripple in the frequency response.
Practical forestry needs more research on ectomycorrhiza physiology in Finland.
Practical gifts are great gifts for men.
Practical godliness is a mysterious paradox, which is incomprehensible to the natural man.
Practical help is available through local agencies, such as financial assistance or help at home.
Practical help is more quickly available in small groups.
Practical help is physical, emotional, and spiritual.
Practical help is welcome too.
Practical holiness is a lifelong pursuit.
Practical horoscopy is the life-blood of any attempt to explain 'how astrology works'.
Practical horsemanship can help.
Practical ideas Encourage the students to keep written records of what they learn.
Practical ideas Explain the choices clearly to the class before they start.
Practical information appears everywhere, too.
Practical information includes how to fill the export order, necessary documents, and a glossary.
Practical information includes twelve, easy to understand guidelines for investing in stocks.
Practical information is also available for Spanish nationals wishing to travel abroad.
Practical information is also available.
Practical information is at the back, and too brief to be useful.
Practical information is emphasized over complex theory.
Practical information is offered on planning, rates and pricing, and legal issues.
Practical information is provided as well, such as a list of national holidays.
Practical information is provided in easy to understand terms.
Practical information is provided to understand and implement sustainable building options.
Practical information is valued over theoretical ideas.
All practical information is delivered online.
Some practical information includes cost.
Practical inspiration sounds like a contradiction of terms.
Practical instruction is incorporated on how viewers can begin searching for their roots.
Practical instruction occurs both on clinics and within the laboratories.
Practical interiors exist in three houses and several of the businesses.
Practical Internet is a reasonably priced magazine which is aimed at the home user.
Practical issues raised by the model include prioritising funding and respecting individual choice.
Practical items can become gifts.
A practical joke is a trick
Practical jokes are a socially accepted form of aggressive, antisocial behavior.
Practical jokes are about trust and testing trust.
Practical jokes are an ongoing source of local folklore.
Practical jokes are funny as long as no one gets hurt.
Practical jokes have to be practical.
Practical knowledge is the focus of learning.
Practical labs emphasize productivity and quality improvements in seafood processing.
Practical labs provide skills in plant propagation techniques.
Practical labs support the subject material.
Practical laboratories have effects.
Practical laboratory exercises in computer circuitry and maintenance techniques.
Practical laboratory exercises.
Most practical laboratories have effects.
Practical leadership is a social skill that all children can learn.
Practical lessons are in half groups and there is a strong emphasis on differentiation.
Practical lessons provide a means for improving the quality of service throughout an organization.
Practical limits are goal.
Practical limits do exist which determine hybrid multiplier design and application.
Practical limitations are dependent on the capability of the server platform.
Practical lists are available here .
Practical love being worked out in our everyday lives gives evidence of the reality of our faith.
Practical love confirms the whole process.
Practical luck is the little things.
Practical matter has impact.
Practical matter has real impact.
Practical matters dominate, including recipes, food, land investments.
Many practical matters are in an uproar right now.
More practical matters are no less complicated.
Most practical matter has impact.
Most practical matter has real impact.
Some practical matters Write legibly.
Practical measures are useful in neuropathic pain control.
All practical measurement has only a limited tolerence.
Practical medicine is still in the dark ages when it comes to nutrition.
Practical methods utilizing modeling is essential.
Practical methodology is stressed in the calss however, theorectical development is touched upon.
More practical mottoes focus on material wealth or industry.
Practical mystics merge timeless inspiration with discipline in time.
All practical needs are available at a mountain store, hotel, garage, and post office.
Practical notes suggest alternative procedures and describe how to overcome problems.
Practical nurses assist the registered nurse in the care of the acutely ill client.
Practical nurses work primarily in hospitals and long-term care.
Practical nursing is the first class offered.
Practical observers contend that citizens can govern indirectly through elected representatives.
Practical options are available to reduce water consumption in greenhouses.
Practical papers are very much in demand.
Practical people make mutually beneficial deals.
Practical philosophy is more like knowledge of cures.
Practical photography is possible from conditions of bright sunlight to night street lighting.
Practical placement is assessed continuously by practising dietitians.
Practical pointers highlight procedural skills relevant to legal assistants.
Practical postmodernism explains the interplay between the look of the page and what it says.
Practical problem solving is emphasized.
Practical problems arise from circumstances.
Practical problems challenge students to apply what they have learned.
Practical problems compound the pedagogical faults in the present general education program.
Practical problems develop an understanding of principles.
Many practical problems face developers of the fiber-optics approach.
Many practical problems involve detecting trends.
Many practical problems involve more than one variable.
Most practical problems are of non-linear nature.
Most practical problems arise from circumstances.
Practical projects are the main substance of students' training.
Practical projects form the basis of student portfolios.
More practical questions remain unanswered.
Practical rationality is the capacity by which agents adopt, prioritize, and pursue ends.
Practical reading includes research journals, reference books, and web-page construction info.
Practical reality has a way of intervening in all our pipe dreams.
Practical reason assesses the soundness of normative propositions for various purposes.
Practical reasons are moral reasons, for victims.
Practical reasons are only a part of it, however.
Practical research is conducted to teach students professional and academic techniques.
Practical resources are available for dads in nearly every fathering situation.
Practical results are also possible.
Practical results show the validity of the approach.
Practical reviews are characteristic of excellent teachers.
Practical righteousness is a life of obedience.
Practical rulers have distance markings along their edges.
Practical safety is explained and demonstrated.
Practical safety is taught as well as the fundamentals of basic and advanced rifle marksmanship.
Practical salinity is the salinity estimated by measuring the conductivity of a water sample.
Practical security is all that is necessary to protect most information.
Practical seminars are an important part of the curriculum.
Practical seminars focus on career preparation and the realities of pursuing an acting career.
Practical sessions can start immediately after taking the first theory session.
Practical sessions illustrate and enhance material covered in the lectures.
Practical sessions offer attendees hands-on experience with the latest technology.
Practical sessions round out the didactic curriculum.
Some practical sessions involve working in larger groups and the submission of a group report.
Practical shooting is based around three equally important aspects of accuracy, power and speed.
Practical situations produce practical music.
Practical skills are a plus.
Practical skills are an integral part of our awards.
Practical skills are essential.
Practical skills are important.
Practical solutions are available for all companies, no matter what size they are.
Practical solutions are available now to decrease many of the risks created by pesticides.
Practical solutions are urgent.
Practical solutions depend on both skill and knowledge.
Practical solutions mix proven methods with innovative technology and the newest of design software.
Practical spirituality is the purpose.
Practical standards are really a drag.
Practical standards play providers and prisons can aim for, to ensure quality play provision.
Practical studies concentrate on the enhancement of ministry and communication skills.
Practical study is organized theme by theme and has many practical exercises.
Practical study is stressed.
All practical subjects are relevant, depending on the areas of specific interest.
Practical suggestions are minimal but include moving leaf piles away from the house.
Practical suggestions inspire readers to evaluate their roles in using energy more effectively.
Practical suggestions reflect a real understanding of homeschooling.
Practical support goes both ways, but is more common in the direction from child to parent.
Practical systems are pervasive within the arts.
Practical systems require channel coding.
Many practical systems utilize a control system.
Most practical systems are rather more complex.
Practical techniques do exist and have been proved successful.
Practical techniques streamline the alignment and precision realignment of laser beams.
Every practical technique incorporates a compromise between accuracy and effort.
Practical tests give students a chance to solve realistic problems with realistic answers.
Practical tests require the applicants to perform one or more of the required skills.
Practical testing follows class.
Practical theology deals with worship, education, administration, and writing sermons.
Practical theology studies the practice of faith and ministry in church and in society.
Practical theory is combined with hands-on activities.
Practical theory is given on hair coloring and bleaching.
Practical things go into the small suitcase.
Practical thinkers can take knowledge and apply it to real life situations.
Practical times are during naps or after bowel movements.
Practical tips given include how to transplant and divide grasses.
Practical tips provide artists with new drawings techniques to explore.
Practical tolerances vary according to the design requirements.
Practical training allows the student to work in the major area of study.
Practical training can be very valuable.
Practical training given by factories or companies is excluded.
Practical training includes arrest procedures and boarding exercises.
Practical training includes the use of computer graphics programs and digital imaging processes.
Practical training is a key component of the enrolled students' experience.
Practical training is a major part of the learning strategy.
Practical training is a partnership between education and industry through our personalized service.
Practical training is considered an aspect of education.
Practical training is defined as paid employment directly related to the student's field of study.
Practical training is fostered by a faculty rooted in the realities of international business.
Practical training is given in critical reading and oral performance.
Practical training is given in how to plan, lead, and flow in a worship service.
Practical training is given through regular outside ministry opportunities.
Practical training is included.
Practical training is now more important than ever.
Practical training is obtained through internships and cooperative education opportunities.
Practical training is off campus work that is related to the level and field of a students study.
Practical training is provided by internships in small business settings.
Practical training is provided through internships in retailing, fashion or related areas.
Practical training is vital in so abstract a discipline.
Practical training makes things happen.
Practical training takes place at the clinical sites to which students are assigned.
Practical treatments consist of getting plenty of rest and increasing fluid intake.
Practical understanding is important.
Practical users can follow their usual strategies and styles of working.
Practical value have methods modeling the real service conditions of friction unit.
Practical variations encourage users to be creative.
Practical virtues are the means between extremes of unvirtuous excesses.
Practical vocabulary is reinforced through dialogues and pattern drills.
Practical warmth combined with feather-light fabric is a luxurious solution.
More practical way is to use a wider-angle lens.
Practical wisdom involves making choices only after careful deliberation.
Practical wisdom is a virtue .
Practical wisdom is the distinguishing characteristic of the true statesman.
Practical wisdom is the quality of mind concerned with things just and noble and good for man.
Practical wisdom uses rules only as summaries and guides.
Practical work amplifies the lectures.
Practical work be a new experience and related to field of study.
Practical work can take many forms.
Practical work comprises small research projects carried out in groups over several weeks.
Practical work consists of five tutorials and six biomechanical laboratories.
Practical work consists of laboratory exercises closely linked with lecture material.
Practical work consists of report writing, oral presentations, exercises and simulations.
Practical work emphasizes fieldwork and laboratory simulation of field surveys.
Practical work encourages close observation and independent thought.
Practical work focuses on sharing focus, supporting other actors, listening and dynamics.
Practical work forms an important part of the course and is compulsory.
Practical work forms an integral part of most units.
Practical work includes a substantial group project.
Practical work includes an examination of neocrystallisation textures and cleavage structures.
Practical work includes implementing and querying relational and object-oriented databases.
Practical work includes laboratory work, case studies, seminars, field trips and study tours.
Practical work includes methods of sampling, analysis of data and modelling vegetation.
Practical work includes recording sessions and work in a studio.
Practical work includes slaughtering of livestock.
Practical work includes wind tunnel model construction and testing.
Practical work includes, as a major theme, the use of computers in physics.
Practical work integrates petrological observations, mineralogical geochemical data.
Practical work involves inner journeying exercises which are explored in small groups.
Practical work involves mineragraphy and a study of a range of classic mineral deposits.
Practical work is a major component.
Practical work is an essential part of our degree programmes.
Practical work is an important aspect of the course.
Practical work is an important part of the course.
Practical work is an integral part of the course and is compulsory.
Practical work is an integral part of the programs offered.
Practical work is assessed by reports, short assignments and mini-exams throughout the semester.
Practical work is augmented by a theoretical framework of phylogeny, morphology and ecology.
Practical work is based on the above syllabus.
Practical work is carried out in specialist laboratories for psychology and psychophysiology.
Practical work is done on specified times and in a prescribed and structured way.
Practical work is emphasised throughout the course.
Practical work is facilitated by the use of universal breadboards for mounting of circuit elements.
Practical work is included wherever possible.
Practical work is provided for astrophysics and experimental physics students.
Practical work is required throughout the three years with major projects in each year.
Practical work is supplemented by regular visits to industrial and pilot plants.
Practical work is the expression of the love that arises out of faith.
Practical work is under continuous assessment.
Practical work lasts one week and uses state of the art physiological equipment.
Practical work occupies two days a fortnight over four terms.
Practical work plays a central part in all programmes.
Practical work provides a further opportunity for close personal contact between staff and students.
Practical work provides experience in basic microbiological techniques and applied microbiology.
Practical work requires students to design and implement a number of programs.
Practical work takes various forms.
Practical work uses a high-level, visual programming language and commercial database software.
Practical work uses assembly-language programming and the C programming language.
All practical work done in class is under the supervision and guidance of a tutor.
All practical work is compulsory.
All practical work is marked on a group basis.
All practical work is to be carried out under supervision.
All practical work produced by the pupils is taken home after assessment.
Some practical work involving the use of animals in experiments is an essential part of the course.
Practical workshops are run for teachers all over Britain.
Practical workshops combine staff expertise and equipment to provide a broad range of skills.
Practical workshops inspire members to continue their ongoing exchange.
Practical workshops utilizing computers complement the classroom activities.
Practicalities begin with the three phones, one with data port, in each room and in-room safes.
Practicalities undergird the district court's reasoning.
Practicality also is a concern.
Practicality can dictate cutbacks in service when demand diminishes.
Practicality combines with attractiveness.
Practicality demands the use of known and generally accepted tools, procedures, and practices.
Practicality dictates a certain model in order for entrepreneurs to achieve success.
Practicality dictates a relatively small habitable space for the crew during transit.
Practicality dictates requirements like affordability, family orientation, easy access, and comfort.
Practicality has nothing to do with it.
Practicality is a good thing.
Practicality is a necessity for researchers to explore their imagination without constraint.
Practicality is a prerequisite for developing competitive edge and survival.
Practicality is a relative thing.
Practicality is an underlying consideration throughout the journal.
Practicality is another aspect of aesthetic appeal.
Practicality is another.
Practicality is Crucial.
Practicality is defined by context, however.
Practicality is emphasized.
Practicality is evident in the use of local timber and stones for the main building's construction.
Practicality is fine in college.
Practicality is guaranteed .
Practicality is important.
Practicality is such a relative term.
Practicality is the device that brings employability.
Practicality is the issue here.
Practicality is the key word.
Practicality is the watchword.
Practicality is usefulness
Practicality is utilities.
Practicality Let's address practicality first.
Practicality plays a large part, of course.
Practicality prevails over performance.
Practicality refers to the cost, the time, and the convenience of using a data source.
Practicality still rules.
Practicality takes precedence over fashion.
Practicality takes priority.
Practicality tops the list for most couples, who tend to shy away from knickknacks and doilies.
Practice areas include areas.
All practice chanters come with a tested reed.
Practice directions are a matter for the judiciary.
Practice effects are consistent with plasticity of primary visual areas in humans.
Practice guidelines are an increasingly relevant feature of health insurance.
Practice guidelines are integral to managed care and to cost containment in general.
Some practice guidelines are also available for download where indicated.
Practice management is a required component in family practice residency education.
Practice management is centered in groups of ten to twenty lawyers.
Practice management is the incorporation of all facets of the administrative piece of healthcare.
A practice of law is a profession
Practice of law includes general civil, domestic, elder law and public benefit casework.
Practice of law includes general civil, juvenile and misdemeanor casework.
Practice physicians see follow scenarios.
Practice physicians see scenarios.
Practice physicians to address issues.
A practice range is a range
Practice ranges are a maintenance headache.
Practice room is back.
Practice rooms are available at no extra cost.
Practice rooms are available for piano, vocal, instrumental, and organ students.
Practice rooms are available for students to use for rehearsal.
Practice rooms are available in the music building.
Practice rooms are available to applicants for warm-up prior to the audition.
Practice rooms are available to students registered for applied music study.
Practice rooms are for LHWL sponsored activities only.
Practice rooms are open on a first-come, first served basis.
Practice rooms are open twenty-four hours a day.
Practice rooms are to be used for instrumental or vocal practice only.
Practice rooms are to remain locked at all times.
Practice rooms are visible above on the second floor of the building.
Practice rooms containing either pianos or organs take up the majority of rooms in the building.
Most practice rooms have grand pianos, and some have pipe organs, harpsichords, or forte-pianos.
Practice admits either grade.
Practice allows the players to practice any of the ten events.
Practice begins again with regular false casting to the front.
Practice begins before school starts.
Practice begins for senior boys dance at noon.
Practice begins in the fall as soon as school starts.
Practice begins now with a lot of things going on for the girls.
Practice begins to pay dividends only when students have information about how well they are doing.
Practice breeds familiarity.
Practice brings assurance.
Practice brings self-confidence.
Practice builds confidence and competent skills.
Practice builds confidence.
Practice builds precision.
Practice can be a different thing.
Practice can be a great experience if it is done in a fun way.
Practice can be at home or in a purpose-built centre.
Practice can be for whatever amount of time desired and progress is made accordingly.
Practice can be fun.
Practice can be small time commitment now and grow over years.
Practice can be years.
Practice catching eddies backward, do back-ferries, and so on.
Practice chords up and down and across the neck.
Practice confirms only too well what has been said above about the law.
Practice consists of aerobic conditioning, weight training, stretching and dance practice.
Practice consists of approx.
Practice consists of both sitting and walking forms of meditation lasting an hour or more in total.
Practice consists of kata or choreographed exercises and sparring.
Practice consists of lessons and strategy studies as well as actual games.
Practice consists of lifting weights, conditioning, and basic fundamentals.
Practice consists of practice and challenge matches.
Practice consists of some drilling, but mostly scrimmaging.
Practice consists primarily of breast cancer surgery and breast disease with some general surgery.
Practice consists primarily of major financial controversies and complex multi-party matters.
Practice continues throughout the year.
Practice demonstrates the caring and sensitive nature of perinatal nursing.
Practice does indeed make perfect, but first perfect the practice.
Practice does make perfect , and perfection is something anyone can aspire to.
Practice does make perfect, and accuracy practice can be a fun game.
Practice does make perfect.
Practice does vision therapy.
Practice eliminates a lot of misses, too.
Practice emphasizes business and commercial litigation.
Practice emphasizes business law.
Practice emphasizes business litigation.
Practice emphasizes cases under Americans With Disabilities Act.
Practice emphasizes civil litigation.
Practice emphasizes client relations and providing high quality health care.
Practice emphasizes commercial and intellectual property litigation.
Practice emphasizes commercial litigation, including construction and business law.
Practice emphasizes corporate law, private securities financings, and corporate acquisitions.
Practice emphasizes environmental law, land use and environmental compliance.
Practice emphasizes estate planning, business transactions, and personal injury.
Practice emphasizes family law, juvenile dependency.
Practice emphasizes general business law and commercial real estate.
Practice emphasizes general civil litigation and labor law.
Practice emphasizes litigation with focus on construction defect and products liability disputes.
Practice emphasizes litigation.
Practice emphasizes natural resources and environmental law.
Practice emphasizes natural resources and public agency law.
Practice emphasizes natural resources law.
Practice emphasizes natural resources, environmental and energy law.
Practice emphasizes natural resources.
Practice emphasizes real estate transactions, and commercial collections.
Practice emphasizes tax law and general business and corporate law.
Practice emphasizes water law, public agency law, and natural resources law.
Practice enables the participants to use the skills on the job.
Practice enables the student to perform the job proficiently.
Practice encompases a broad range of commercial litigation matters.
Practice encompasses evaluation, treatment and consultation.
Practice ends as the moon rises above the canyon's rim.
Practice ends only when there are no inconsistencies or flaws in the performance.
Practice ensures more thought is given to the family tree than driving the computer.
Practice ensures outside several thread also get volleyball.
Practice exercises every morning, afternoon and evening.
Practice exercises parallel examples to help students assimilate concepts and techniques.
Practice exercises Practicing for accuracy is one of the fun aspects of flycasting.
Practice exercises to help develop bone and muscle strength.
Practice exercises to relieve computer related aches and pains.
Practice exists, thus progress is possible.
Practice extends throughout the state.
Practice extends to all areas of family law, both at trial and appellate court levels.
Practice fields Four football practice fields, including one regulation-size artificial turf field.
Practice focuses around the work in the studio and crit room.
Practice gives the athlete options.
Practice helps as well.
Practice helps here.
Practice helps hone that fluency factor which is so important to comprehension.
Practice helps managers and workers make decisions quickly.
Practice helps one become more creative.
Practice helps people become more proficient in refusals.
Practice helps performance.
Practice helps smokers plan what to do the next time they get an urge to smoke.
Practice helps students increase their skills.
Practice helps throughout the game.
Practice helps to reduce stage fright .
Practice helps, too.
Practice includes breathing and vocalization exercises as well as work on specific pieces of music.
Practice includes cases in Texas, California, and Georgia.
Practice includes class discussion, role plays, and other activities.
Practice includes collection, commercial, divorce and custody cases and personal injury.
Practice includes commercial, corporate and estate cases and trade disputes.
Practice includes commercial, corporate, estate, criminal, family law and trade disputes.
Practice includes construction claims, workers' compensation, and insurance defence.
Practice includes criminal and probate cases.
Practice includes devotion time, rehearsal and snack time.
Practice includes high acuity, myocardial infractions, COPD, etc.
Practice includes home health care.
Practice includes land use litigation and appellate matters.
Practice includes litigation and counseling clients on full range of environmental issues.
Practice includes plaintiff personal injury, commercial and insurance litigation.
Practice includes sitting, chanting, bowing, walking and kong -an interviews .
Practice includes state of the art on-site lab, radiology suite and equipment.
Practice includes work done in the laboratory, shop, drawing room or field.
Practice includes workers compensation, personal injury and criminal cases.
Practice indeed makes perfect when it comes to absorbing spelling and math facts.
Practice indeed makes perfect.
Practice indicates that black has a very comfortable game.
Practice involves many learning styles and all five senses.
Practice involves playing one or all of the roles.
Practice involves regular, determined, and directed effort.
Practice involves small group discussions and pair work.
Practice involves using the new element in new repertoire.
Practice involves working with other students.
Practice is activities.
Practice is always firmly based on the doctrines of grace.
Practice is always the key.
Practice is an activity
Practice is at the bottom of the hill beyond the parking lot.
Practice is at the leading edge of drug-free, health promoting medical care.
Practice is available as a result of a death in the family.
Practice is before the service.
Practice is cognition.
Practice is difficult.
Practice is far better than complacency, so think about it and avoid becoming a statistic.
Practice is for an hour and a half per session.
Practice is for perfecting it.
Practice is for problems.
Practice is for the kids Setting limits for parents begins at practice.
Practice is implementations.
Practice is in short bursts, with the goal of going as fast as possible.
Practice is in the main hall at the top of a flight of exterior stairs.
Practice is in the morning before the pool opens.
Practice is in the parking lot.
Practice is indispensable.
Practice is information.
Practice is intense and complex and includes a lot of work with film study and weight training.
Practice is intense, but the hard work is worth it.
Practice is of course open to the public and free of charge.
Practice is on the left.
Practice is outside cleveland texas.
Practice is practice, but competition is a lot more exciting.
Practice is practice.
Practice is successful and busy.
Practice is twice a month with emphasis on performance training and self-esteem development.
Practice is twice a week in the early evening.
Practice is use.
Practice is work, and there is no alternative.
Practice lasts for a few hours, then it's time for homework.
Practice lasts for three days so everyone gets to see all of the mountain.
Practice lasts four months, or six for a major event.
Practice lasts one hour.
Practice make perfect.
Practice makes better pilots.
Practice makes better.
Practice makes for fluency.
Practice makes for perfection.
Practice makes improvements and improvements lead towards excellence.
Practice makes improvements, and improvements lead towards excellence.
Practice makes perfect is the idea that there are no 'gifts' but just hard work.
Practice makes practice work .
Practice makes progress.
Practice means making presentations, leading groups, developing workshops, writing grants, teaching.
Practice means reviewing the material after class and doing the required assignments.
Practice modifies the developing automatic postural response.
Practice needs to be adapted to different settings.
Practice needs to be confined to the fenced-in ballfield area.
Practice needs to be integrated into the educational experience from the beginning.
Practice offers outstanding facilities, generous compensation, benefits and future partnership.
Practice offers specialisation in tax, corporate finance or insolvency.
Practice offset lithographic platemaking and operate small to medium size offset presses.
Practice pick off moves to first and second base.
Practice play available or for real money.
Practice produces habits, be they good or bad.
Practice produces results.
Practice proves that the gambling industry is Macao's greatest source of public finance.
Practice ranges from simple bed making to advanced skills in intensive care.
Practice reduces the cost of making mistakes.
Practice reduces uncertainty or reduces preparation demands because better organized.
Practice requires determination, and good tools can be bought, but the photographer's gift is born.
Practice requires patience, discipline and endurance.
Practice resumes .
Practice reveals both future and past, but the memory remains submerged until then.
Practice runs to prove and refine the functionality at speed.
Practice scales regularly to establish and maintain a strong technique.
Practice shows that people are very sensitive to what they are called.
Practice shows that they are neither.
Practice specializes in chronic headaches.
Practice specializes in deportation defense, e.g. asylum, cancellation of removal, waivers, etc.
Practice stands a great chance of permanence in investing, as well.
Practice starts at noon.
Practice starts in five minutes.
Practice starts only from sprint lanes.
Practice starts only in the sprint lanes.
Practice starts with a thorough warm up and stretching excercises.
Practice still goes on.
Practice takes many forms.
Practice takes most managed care plans and private plans.
Practice takes place each day after school and on saturday mornings.
Practice takes place in a wide variety of contexts.
Practice takes place on the indoor track and either of the basketball gyms.
Practice takes time.
Practice thus suggests that any synthesis is provisional.
Practice turns out to be most essential in reducing anxiety.
Practice varies among the libraries.
Practice varies between publishers and between disciplines.
Practice varies from card company to card company.
Practice varies from state to state.
Practice varies in different countries.
Practice varies on specific levies.
Practice varies widely on indications for admitting febrile SS children to the hospital.
Practice varies widely.
Practices are a lot of fun as everyone strives for a quick recall of material.
Practices are acidification, salinity and improving in some areas.
Practices are after school.
Practices are also a change to the trio.
Practices are always free and open to the public.
Practices are amazing.
Practices are as needed, usually once prior to a performance.
Practices are at a little faster tempo.
Practices are at the discretion of the coach.
Practices are at various schools in the city on evenings and weekends.
Practices are closed.
Practices are consistent with the professional Code of Ethics of the profession.
Practices are crucial for the learning and drilling of basic skills, plays, and team work.
Practices are different too.
Practices are different.
Practices are every single day.
Practices are fast-paced and designed to maximize the number of times the player touches the ball.
Practices are filter strips for cropland and riparian buffers for grazed lands.
Practices are fine.
Practices are free and open to the public.
Practices are free to the public.
Practices are generally once a week at the same data nd time each week.
Practices are hard work and very disiplined.
Practices are hard, with emphasis on drills, sprinting, and basic skills.
Practices are harder, everyone is more focussed.
Practices are harder.
Practices are heavy, and the legs are a little tired.
Practices are held four times weekly, Each fencer works on technique, conditioning and bouting.
Practices are in the Deer Park area.
Practices are in the early evening.
Practices are in the early mornings with meets on evenings or Saturdays.
Practices are in the fall and spring, with games against other club teams in the spring.
Practices are intense when it comes to adding up the strokes and comparing scores.
Practices are invaluable.
Practices are just that practice sessions.
Practices are long and grueling and it can be a difficult adjustment for foreigners playing there.
Practices are mandatory for full time members.
Practices are mandatory, unless excused.
Practices are mandatory.
Practices are more important, and more fun, than games.
Practices are never as quick as the games.
Practices are no different.
Practices are noisy, loud, fun and sometimes physical with horseplay.
Practices are on their own cadences.
Practices are once a week for about an hour.
Practices are once a week.
Practices are one per day allowing plenty of free time with pro scouts, teammates and friends.
Practices are open to all interested students.
Practices are open to all students.
Practices are open to all.
Practices are open to everyone .
Practices are open to the media.
Practices are open to the public and free of charge.
Practices are open to the public.
Practices are open.
Practices are patterns of action.
Practices are pretty easy, too.
Practices are pretty easy.
Practices are probably more important than games, so try to be on hand.
Practices are relatively informal and relaxed, taking on the air of a group of close friends.
Practices are relaxed and fun.
Practices are school.
Practices are setup more like clinics.
Practices are setup to allow people to get together, learn and develop their skills.
Practices are similar to Gardnerian ritual.
Practices are social activities like tournament chess or concert flute.
Practices are subject to change or cancelled at anytime.
Practices are the activities and conditions that ensure successful outcomes.
Practices are the coach s times to teach, games are the players time to play.
Practices are three days a week for an hour.
Practices are three hours in length, three days each week.
Practices are three nights a week with a stronger concentration before competition.
Practices are three times a week for an hour and a half.
Practices are to be held at least once a week, with the exception of vacation weeks.
Practices are to resume in a week or so at a site still to be determined.
Practices are twice a week with games played one night a week.
Practices are twice per month.
Practices are two nights a week.
Practices are underway and everyone is pleased to greet new faces.
Practices are usually early evenings so long as there is daylight.
Practices are usually once or twice a week, depending on age.
Practices are usually once per week, on weekdays, after school hours.
Practices are usually one to two hours in duration, after normal class hours.
Practices are usually two hours in duration, after normal class hours.
Practices are very demanding and extremely organized.
Practices are very structured.
Practices are weekly.
Practices are well-organized with a commitment to quality performance.
Practices are year-round, depending on interest.
Practices become actually more difficult than many game situations.
Practices begin in the fall.
Practices begin on the first day of school.
Practices begin right after camp.
Practices begin the first week of school.
Practices begin to simulate the mental and physical stresses of race preparation.
Practices can add the ability to apply for a position online.
Practices can also be much more varied.
Practices can be very long and difficult.
Practices can begin immediately after the draft.
Practices can change with time, and mean different things to different people.
Practices can expand their notification systems to patients with any insurance coverage.
Practices can focus on their core businesses rather than information technology issues.
Practices can use all or parts of the system.
Practices can utilize the Internet for personalized health risk assessments.
Practices can vary in the number of days and time depending on the age level and coach.
Practices Check out the calendar for practice dates and times.
Practices complete a self-assessment checklist indicating which criteria they have met.
Practices concerning bullying are a case in point.
Practices consist of basics, a set of fifteen moves, forms, and free style sparring.
Practices consist of drills, physical training and challenge matches, and weight-training.
Practices consist of trying to get out on the green and practice as much as possible.
Practices constituting racial discrimination are unknown in Algeria.
Practices correct grammar and usage when speaking.
Practices correct touch-typing skills when using computers in all content areas.
Practices cover the uses of ionising radiation already referred to such as medical uses etc.
Practices depend on cultural norms.
Practices designated as noncontact still involve significant contact.
Practices designed to reduce flood losses are, in some cases, thought to have made things worse.
Practices differ across the region.
Practices differ depending on the tourist destinations.
Practices differ from one locality to another regarding who pays what closing costs.
Practices differ greatly in areas where male circumcision is routinely performed.
Practices differ somewhat at the other campuses.
Practices differ widely from community to community.
Practices differ, however.
Practices even impact our spirituality.
Practices face so many technology options today.
Practices follow language.
Practices fully meet all performance expectations at an acceptable level.
Practices generally last one to two hours.
Practices generally take place on weekdays after school.
Practices has practice times and locations.
Practices improve soil conditions, avoiding erosion, compaction, nutrient depletion, and poisoning.
Practices incorporate mental as well as physical conditioning.
Practices involve all of the steps taken to improve home performance.
Practices involve instruction in strategies and techniques, drills, running, and scrimmaging.
Practices Involve youth in the initial planning of the program.
Practices last approximately two hours and are subject to change.
Practices last one hour and fifteen minutes.
Practices mainly wilderness skills and tracking.
Practices make imperfect Politicians are in tough spot.
Practices normally consists of skiing, running, football, soccer, weight training, or waxing.
Practices now consist of one hour of time on the lanes for four days a week.
Practices obviously vary.
Practices occur twice a week.
Practices peer leadership skills by creating healthy alternatives to drug use.
Practices range from electronic mail, faxing, and filing, to reducing unwanted direct mail.
Practices range from the very simple to the quite complex, from meditative to vigorous.
Practices ranging from silage packing to feedout rate can greatly impact feed quality.
Practices reflect the just treatment of all employees and applicants.
Practices regarding sick leave or vacation time vary greatly.
Practices regarding the seva or service of the deity are the same as at the other two centres.
Practices represented are both large and small, rural and urban, public and private.
Practices run one hour.
Practices shape our lives.
Practices shift to the township pool as soon as the weather permits.
Practices sound nutrition.
Practices start at the announced time.
Practices start immediately, and the team rehearses three nights a week during the summer.
Practices start one week prior to the beginning of the season.
Practices start with laps, followed by shuttle runs and passing drills.
Practices tactics to constrain the size, position, and mating conditions of related parts.
Practices take place during the week.
Practices thrive when the appointment schedule is full.
Practices typically run twice a day, with morning and afternoon drills.
Practices vary according to schedules.
Practices vary according to the town.
Practices vary between houses.
Practices vary depending on the coach and squad members' schedules.
Practices vary enormously throughout the Muslim world.
Practices vary from country to country.
Practices vary from court to court.
Practices vary from school to school.
Practices vary from two to four times a week.
Practices vary in different departments.
Practices vary in different parts of the world, but follow some basic principles.
Practices vary in mileage and duration and team members break up and work in crews.
Practices vary throughout the year.
Practices vary widely as to what personnel records are kept.
Practices vary widely.
Practices vary, depending upon circumstances.
Practices wanting to hire a medical school hotshot had better be tech-friendly.
Practices willinvolve rolling and falling on a mat.
Practice always helps the presentation go more smoothly.
Practice always helps.
Practice always includes stretching, warm up and warm down.
Practices usually involve the entire school, with barely a soul in the schoolgrounds at lunch times.
Practices usually vary even within the creolophone community in question.
All practice ends.
All practice is done at the school under direct supervision of the staff.
All practice is guided by knowledge and beliefs, whether explicit and tacit.
All practice is theoretical.
All practice is to discover, or to work.
All practices are closed.
All practices are false and unreal.
All practices are Free and open to curious peeps and perspective members.
All practices are free and open to the public.
All practices are mandatory for members who wish to travel.
All practices are mandatory.
All practices are open to fans and media unless otherwise noted.
All practices are open to new patients and accept most types of health insurance.
All practices are open to the media.
All practices are open to the public and free.
All practices are open to the public free of charge.
All practices are open to the public.
All practices are schedules by the coaches.
All practices can choose to show or hide inactive clients and patients.
All practices held during the week prior to camp are mandatory for all members.
All practices involve a turning away towards something other than the world.
All practices look for cost reduction.
Any practice is better than no practice.
Every practice brings with it a new lesson.
Every practice ends with some form of a scrimmage.
Every practice has a critical mass of staff that is required to make it successful.
Every practice has a few patients that like to keep the doctor talking.
Every practice has at least one.
Every practice has operational weaknesses.
Every practice has someone in charge.
Every practice is also an exhausting workout.
Every practice is different and demands to be studied individually.
Every practice knows their specific income centers.
Every practice missed is an opportunity lost.
Every practice needs to establish a policy on prenatal visits.
Every practice needs to have a policy on prenatal visits.
Many practices also implement quality assurance processes for random reviewing of patient charts.
Many practices also provide animal boarding services for the convenience of their clients.
Many practices are no longer wildlife friendly, and are aimed at making more money.
Many practices can greatly reduce human exposure to bacteria and pesticides.
Many practices claim that their consults have a much higher rate of closure than seminars do.
Many practices define the end of a labor epidural as coinciding with delivery.
Many practices directly contradict research.
Many practices employ both doctors and nurse practitioners.
Many practices experience significant fluctuations in patient volume throughout the year.
Many practices find it more convenient to purchase commercially available precedents and forms.
Many practices have at least an element of effort.
Many Practices have reams of paper records, and often find themselves running out of space.
Many practices have their own in house facilities . . .
Many practices offer new patient visits at no charge.
Many practices use electronic billing systems to facilitate their collections.
More practice can have a significant impact in driving ability.
More practice is better than more than more explanation.
More practice is needed in writing equations for word problems.
Most practice is done with a partner.
Most practice is much less reflective than action research.
Most practice is solo, eventually with a real blade.
Most practices are a combination of consultations, inpatient, and outpatient services.
Most practices are small.
Most practices are two hours long, twice a day.
Most practices begin by performing gastrointestinal endoscopic procedures.
Most practices can anticipate changes as much as twelve months in advance.
Most practices choose to cover some surfaces and disinfect others between patients.
Most practices demonstrate a declining collection ratio as volume increases.
Most practices end up suggesting anywhere from twenty minutes to an hour or more a day.
Most practices however stay with the Oriental way of acupuncture.
Most practices involve stretching, stunting, and cheers.
Most practices know that business is generated through sustained networking activity.
Most practices offer a simple health check at time of registration.
Most practices struggle with the challenges of new, prepaid managed care enrollees.
Most practices use their seminar as an educational forum to teach patients about refractive options.
Much practice is given to the perfection of the spontaneous and irregular line.
Much practice is needed to approach that kind of listening.
Much practice is required to make beautiful calligraphy, a highly sought after skill.
Some practice is required before using the editor for a very complex layout.
Some practice is required.
Some practices already use knowledge-based electronic patient records.
Some practices are a lot riskier than others.
Some practices are applicable for cost-share financial assistance.
Some practices are common to all.
Some practices are competitive, while others are non-competitive.
Some practices are essentially rules.
Some practices are fairly large in that debt.
Some practices are more obvious than others.
Some practices are only available for visitation during certain times of the year.
Some practices are very intensive while others are less so.
Some practices can even result in blacklisting.
Some practices compensate owner-physicians on an equal basis.
Some practices derived from the great Eastern religions hold a certain attraction for people today.
Some practices even pay the patient's cab fare out of a special petty-cash fund.
Some practices focus training very heavily on new hires.
Some practices go further than a letter of intent.
Some practices hand surveys to every patient who comes in over the course of a few weeks.
Some practices have multiple benefits.
Some practices have nurses running asthma clinics without adequate training.
Some practices have the unfortunate habit of neglecting to claim everything they legally can.
Some practices just have to stop.
Some practices lease their office space, so no value is attributable to the bricks and mortar.
Some practices occasionally have complex financial transactions that they require.
Some practices offer a variety of staff to provide patient care.
Some practices offer on-line patient appointment scheduling.
Some practices refer all after hours calls to an emergency clinic in the area.
Some practices use a more complete prep.
Practiced beginners can handle the Bighorn.
Practiced ears sense an unwelcome intruder.
Practiced masons can create any size and shape chip they want.
Practiced writers go through many revisions of their work before they are ready to call it good.
Practicewear catalogue is online, and the uniform catalogue is coming soon.
Any practising psychiatrist is eligible to submit a Case Study.
Practitioner research is valid because it is grounded in real life situations.
Practitioner research provides one answer by involving teachers in the research process.
A practitioner is a professional
Practitioner bears a proportion of the risk.
Practitioner continues to be solely responsible for treatment decisions.
Practitioner is cold, distant, rigid.
Practitioner is hostile, sadistic.
Practitioners abstain from food, drink, smoking and sexual relations from dawn to sunset.
Practitioners accuse each other of ignorance, incompetence and empire building.
Practitioners acquire education or training in one or more natural health approaches.
Practitioners adapt pressure, speed, and size of circle to the particular animal .
Practitioners address the class on a periodic basis.
Practitioners aim to maintain a detached, calm awareness of their thoughts and sensations.
Practitioners also benefit from the centralized approach.
Practitioners also can reap the following benefits from e-mail.
Practitioners also have a different purpose within the law from legal academics.
Practitioners also have numerous demands within their professional and personal life.
Practitioners also make a poultice out of gotu kola, which is used to treat many skin conditions.
Practitioners also play an important role in educating the pet-owning public.
Practitioners also transmit energy from their own hands to the patient's energy field.
Practitioners also wash their hands before putting on gloves and after removing gloves.
Practitioners also work in home care, medical equipment sales, or rehabilitation programs.
Practitioners apply moxibustion in different ways.
Practitioners are a rich untapped reservoir of information.
Practitioners are able to combine force and acceleration to achieve remarkable results.
Practitioners are able to request one of three locations in which to be placed.
Practitioners are available around the world.
Practitioners are available for consultation around the world.
Practitioners are available for workshops and talks.
Practitioners are available on a regular basis or for special events.
Practitioners are defensive and wary.
Practitioners are enthusiastic about participation in community education projects.
Practitioners are free of the impact of smoking, drugs and alcohol.
Practitioners are generally receptive, even eager, when asked to mentor one or two students.
Practitioners are much too simplistic in how early warning is conceived.
Practitioners are people who are actual entrepreneurs and businessmen in the field.
Practitioners are people with a problem.
Practitioners are personally responsible for their actions.
Practitioners are prime evaluators.
Practitioners are professional Rebirthers abiding by the BRS Code of Ethics and Practice.
Practitioners are professionals.
Practitioners are really teachers of the method.
Practitioners are responsible for their own actions.
Practitioners are responsible for their own lodging arrangements if they plan to stay overnight.
Practitioners are self-employed people.
Practitioners are shy about setting themselves up to peer ridicule.
Practitioners are specialists in corrective exercise and high-performance conditioning.
Practitioners are to be good individuals in all environment and conditions.
Practitioners are ultimately responsible for the accuracy of their software.
Practitioners are urban, suburban and rural.
Practitioners are wary about exposing any weaknesses to their employers.
Practitioners are weary and frustrated.
Practitioners are welcome to use the space during the day or when no evening lecture is planned.
Practitioners are welcome, but discussions can be academic and theoretical.
Practitioners are well up the ladder, but see themselves as having much more yet to learn.
Practitioners assume that discrete subsets of activities are associated with each phase.
Practitioners attempt to perform movements slowly to get the athletic benefits.
Practitioners become more 'open-hearted', and along with it, more vulnerable.
Practitioners become researchers.
Practitioners become the reflectors that allow patients to heal themselves.
Practitioners begin their cultivation at a very high level.
Practitioners behave as good people in any circumstances.
Practitioners believe that our movements and posture reflect our nervous system.
Practitioners believe that people become ill when their universal life energy is out of balance.
Practitioners believe they can restore health by sensing and adjusting such fields.
Practitioners benefit from reduced exposure to body fluids and airborne pathogens.
Practitioners call upon the assistance of spiritual beings or angels.
Practitioners can also use the programme in their direct work with families.
Practitioners can always get guidance for further cultivation.
Practitioners can answer a series of questions related primarily to work-related stress.
Practitioners can apply for one of six levels of professional development.
Practitioners can be e-mailed when cases pending have been decided.
Practitioners can browse through product, service, and pricing information and place orders on-line.
Practitioners can do much to provide encouragement to students.
Practitioners can draw on a wide variety of methods to generate information.
Practitioners can easily use it to treat themselves as well as others.
Practitioners can expect fast track disposition of claims from now on.
Practitioners can expect to be contacted by their court about such arrangements.
Practitioners can file income tax returns on behalf of their clients from any touch-tone phone.
Practitioners can now customize the prosthetic control to suit their patients' unique needs.
Practitioners can now surf the Net to get information about malpractice insurance.
Practitioners can request a drug be added to formulary.
Practitioners can select courses at the introductory, intermediate and supervisory levels.
Practitioners can sense where tension originates.
Practitioners can then evaluate themselves or be evaluated in relation to the ranges found.
Practitioners can then quickly retrieve critical information using a content-based search method.
Practitioners can use kickboxing to defend themselves against weapons such as sticks and knives.
Practitioners claim the exercises and meditation eliminate illness and create peace of mind.
Practitioners claim the therapies are useful in arthritis, fibromyalgia, and chronic pain.
Practitioners collaborate with our researchers to inform program evaluation.
Practitioners combine modern and ancient medical techniques to customize health care.
Practitioners combine their love of sciences with the rewards of a truly interesting career.
Practitioners come from all kinds of backgrounds.
Practitioners come here to read, research, and reflect.
Practitioners commonly diagnose influenza based upon clinical symptoms.
Practitioners commonly refer to volatility as vol for short.
Practitioners complain they are frustrated by research-driven trends in education.
Practitioners continually make judgment on when enough cleaning has occurred.
Practitioners continue to use the initials although the training program no longer exists.
Practitioners develop confident ease of movement.
Practitioners develop systematic research plans.
Practitioners disagree about the necessity of removing benign cysts.
Practitioners discuss their research.
Practitioners do five sets of gentle exercises and meditation, often in groups in public parks.
Practitioners do five sets of gentle exercises and meditation.
Practitioners employ a variety of therapies to promote natural balances in the body.
Practitioners employ various techniques when training their patients.
Practitioners engage in visual ethographic production and research projects.
Practitioners enjoy feeling more centered, vital and freer within their bodies.
Practitioners enjoy tremendous opportunity for diversity in their practices.
Practitioners establish a comfort level with familiar interventions that work.
Practitioners face an enormous range of sources and types of risk , .
Practitioners face such questions almost daily.
Practitioners find it to be a lifelong source of centering and revitalization.
Practitioners find new indications for use after release, for which no prior testing is performed.
Practitioners find that it creates a sense of well-being.
Practitioners find the medium a cost effective method of in-house training.
Practitioners focus on the ligaments near the spinal column.
Practitioners formulate competencies for developmental educators.
Practitioners gain more than improved health.
Practitioners generate new knowledge within the system.
Practitioners get the dead heart to beat, then use the beating organ for sexual perversions.
Practitioners have a very limited amount of free time for staff and program development.
Practitioners have an obligation to deliver quality patient care.
Practitioners have direct access to their information for updating and revision.
Practitioners have medical training and perform MD duties, including prescribing medications.
Practitioners have much to share and much to gain.
Practitioners have the right to practice all responsible methods of treatment.
Practitioners have to become more visionary and less cynical.
Practitioners have to respond by relying on assumptions to make up for lack of data.
Practitioners have to understand three things.
Practitioners identify certain policies as the cause of social problems.
Practitioners indicate the use of a more diverse set of techniques than educators.
Practitioners insist that defending the ticketed is honorable and important.
Practitioners insist that the human energy field is real and that anyone can be trained to feel it.
Practitioners know our product, and they trust it.
Practitioners know that search engines can make or break their sites.
Practitioners lead normal lives and participate actively in their communities.
Practitioners lead some of the lectures, presenting case studies of contemporary data networks.
Practitioners learn about thirty basic techniques, mostly practiced by sparring.
Practitioners learn as they perform the vital documentation functions.
Practitioners learn how to efficiently integrate development and validation.
Practitioners learn to execute their technique with focus, power, and balance.
Practitioners learn to relax while developing inner strength and a renewal of energy.
Practitioners list, forums, events, education.
Practitioners live by the moral standards of truthfulness, compassion and tolerance.
Practitioners look for many different things.
Practitioners maintain their own caseloads and referrals among health care staff are frequent.
Practitioners now have an increasing opportunity to provide services relating to estates and trusts.
Practitioners now have to anticipate the needs of their disabled customers.
Practitioners observe a reduction in fear for many victims.
Practitioners offer free short introductory discussions by appointment.
Practitioners only use fighting tech- niques to counter an opponent's attack.
Practitioners only use fighting techniques to counter an opponent's attack.
Practitioners owe to their patients insistence on professional standards.
Practitioners perceive the culture of minorities as barriers to recommended prevention techniques.
Practitioners place the hand in the position for the vowel before actually articulating the vowel.
Practitioners point out the importance of easy access to interested researchers.
Practitioners practice within the scope of their background, training, knowledge and experience.
Practitioners provide better care when systems support coordination of care.
Practitioners provide care up to four days a week.
Practitioners provide extensive education, especially to police and members of the legal system.
Practitioners provide family centered holistic care to women and children.
Practitioners read the work over and over again.
Practitioners recommend, select or adapt corrective hearing aids.
Practitioners regularly develop high quality resources.
Practitioners rely completely on lab findings.
Practitioners rely on the promulgation of the ritual for their livelihood.
Practitioners remain divided over the cost issue.
Practitioners say it can also be used to treat pain and even speed up wound healing.
Practitioners say it is simply a way for individuals to improve their spiritual and physical health.
Practitioners say it is simply a way for people to improve their spiritual and physical health.
Practitioners say it strengthens organs against disease and illness while also reducing stress.
Practitioners say symptoms sometimes worsen briefly before they begin to get better.
Practitioners say that the ability to overwrite others text works just fine .
Practitioners say the synthetic version is as effective as the real thing.
Practitioners say they circulate energy throughout the body to improve overall health and strength.
Practitioners say yes.
Practitioners serve as co-designers .
Practitioners serve people of every age, race and ethnicity in both urban and rural settings.
Practitioners share their findings and treatment plans with the patient s physician.
Practitioners share their findings and treatment plans with the patient's physician.
Practitioners stress how normal and commonplace the hypnotic state is.
Practitioners stretch methodological norms and reach across disciplinary boundaries.
Practitioners support clients in taking charge of their lives and finding their own solutions.
Practitioners take their patients' pulses and examine their tongues to diagnose energy imbalances.
Practitioners teach patients new, more balanced movement patterns.
Practitioners tell a different story.
Practitioners think any discussion on sexuality is a waste of time and gets in the way of living.
Practitioners think of using technology to teach reading and writing.
Practitioners Traces the history of kindergartens in Japan.
Practitioners trained in different traditions employ different approaches.
Practitioners try to channel unseen forces into their bodies to promote health and morality.
Practitioners typically make claims to supernatural powers that can be shown to be false.
Practitioners unanimously clamor for more of it in their organizations.
Practitioners use devices such as magnetic wrist bands and beds to treat illness.
Practitioners use disposable needles.
Practitioners use e-mail for mail outs and to transfer general information to and from clients.
Practitioners use gentle movement and directed attention.
Practitioners use the first two fingers of both hands to lightly touch specific points on the body.
Practitioners use the following method.
Practitioners use their hands to restore balance and reduce stress.
Practitioners vary from theorists in that they use the theory of others in application.
Practitioners view knowledge as an entity constructed by learners.
Practitioners wear gold headdresses and yellow tunics with blue sashes.
Practitioners wear samurai dress, including the hakama and jacket with protective equipment.
Practitioners welcome the institutional seal of approval.
Practitioners wishing to stay longer than two weeks can do so if the community is in agreement.
Practitioners work in spas and resorts, healthcare settings, hotels, and in private practice.
Practitioners write articles based on professional knowledge about people and news in the field.
Practitioners always prefer candidates with experience.
Practitioners often advertise themselves as holistic.
Practitioners often claim an increased sense of relaxation, strength, and energy.
Practitioners often err on the side of weaning when there is doubt.
Practitioners often find, however, that they fail miserably when using such methods.
Practitioners often have a lot of freedom in writing campaigns and creating publicity.
Practitioners often prescribe ghee mixed with warm milk as a tonic for constipation.
Practitioners often use herbs together because the combination is more effective.
Practitioners often work in competition with one another and at cross-purposes.
Practitioners sometimes say economic development is a religion.
All practitioners are welcome to attend free of charge.
All practitioners are welcome to attend.
All practitioners are welcome.
All practitioners experience a lifelong impetus for retooling of skills.
All practitioners face patients whose imbalances reside at levels deeper than the physical.
All practitioners possess extensive clinical evaluation experience.
Any practitioner achieving adept level has the right to teach the practice of the organisation.
Any practitioner is capable of giving a shot or giving a pill.
Any practitioner keeping secrets about the treatment being offered is highly suspect.
Every practitioner has a role in making it a reality.
Every practitioner has many layers of knowledge useful for solving problems on the job.
Every practitioner knows that lock-jaw way develop after an injury to sentient nerves.
Every practitioner needs to have a good understanding of the European Law Dimension.
Every practitioner routinely deals with orthopedic complaints.
Many practitioners also offer private clinical psychological services.
Many practitioners are on the road with their personal digital assistants in hand.
Many practitioners are unaware of how case handling can impact and often re-traumatise a client.
Many practitioners believe Buddhist wisdom comes from enlightenment.
Many practitioners believe in reincarnation.
Many practitioners believe meditation can also boost the immune system to help fight off illness.
Many practitioners choose to add the potassium only after the patient's first void.
Many practitioners combine several of the se modalities together in their practices.
Many practitioners do work part-time in group practices or shared accommodation.
Many practitioners earn their livelihood by claiming that emotional intelligence can be increased.
Many practitioners find the Baha'i faith's utopian goal particularly appealing.
Many practitioners find themselves unable to write any useful information whatsoever.
Many practitioners grow and produce their own herbs.
Many practitioners have no idea how to manage for results.
Many practitioners have their own pages giving details of their own approach to treatment.
Many practitioners match contributions to the fund from concerned clients.
Many practitioners offer herbs in pill or capsule form.
Many practitioners offer services through their private offices.
Many practitioners recommend against the use of mono vision while operating a motor vehicle.
Many practitioners rely only on compost.
Many practitioners replace their business cards with the most recent issue of their newsletter.
Many practitioners report marked success for older patients.
Many practitioners say err on the side of caution and avoid the artificial means of tanning as well.
Many practitioners say the fixes have been made, but nobody is collecting that information.
Many practitioners seem to continually add symbols to their systems.
Many practitioners specialize in treating victims.
Many practitioners still hope for serendipitous discoveries as they browse books.
Many practitioners use a combination of ritual and spell for most of their workings.
Many practitioners use a manual system consisting of handwritten journals and ledgers.
Many practitioners use a written questionnaire to establish the person's tridosha.
Many practitioners use mediation as an inexpensive shorthand method to close a file.
Many practitioners use the PTO web site and search engine on almost a daily basis.
Many practitioners working in organizations also find supervision sessions illuminating and helpful.
Most practitioners agree that several treatments are usually necessary on any given follicle.
Most practitioners are just too busy.
Most practitioners carry professional liability insurance to cover the malpractice suit.
Most practitioners charge for individual consultation.
Most practitioners employ and supervise dental assistants dental hygienists and receptionists.
Most practitioners force the body into cooling itself, disarming it's innate immune system.
Most practitioners have experience of only a small range of the options available.
Most practitioners have literature available in their offices - feel free to ask.
Most practitioners make gift certificates available.
Most practitioners now use disposable needles.
Most practitioners offer hope but very little in the way of help.
Most practitioners offer sessions at bargain festival rates.
Most practitioners reduce the initial and infusion dose for infants up to six months of age.
Most practitioners reside in the United States, Canada and West Germany.
Most practitioners say advancements have made both contact lenses and surgical modalities safe.
Most practitioners select a sphygmomanometer based on warranty and cost and preference for gauges.
Most practitioners use a hybrid of several techniques.
Most practitioners view naturopathic health care to be more spiritual than mainstream medicine.
Some practitioners actively solicit clients seeking help with chronic candida.
Some practitioners add another step to the treatment.
Some practitioners advocate dental appliances.
Some practitioners advocate use of a magnetic hairbrush to improve blood circulation in the scalp.
Some practitioners also require clients to keep a diary of their typical diet.
Some practitioners also use homeopathic and probiotic remedies to help heal the bone.
Some practitioners appear to be getting really good results.
Some practitioners are no longer alive.
Some practitioners are part-time.
Some practitioners are very painful, try to find one that is tolerable.
Some practitioners assess a measure called a DQ or developmental quotient.
Some practitioners can push the opponent back more than ten yards.
Some practitioners can summon demons, but that practice has fallen out of favour in modern times.
Some practitioners claim benefits from vegetable oil rather than mineral oil, while others disagree.
Some practitioners claim benefits from vegetable rather than mineral oil while others disagree.
Some practitioners claim benefits from vegetable rather than mineral oil.
Some practitioners claim that trace mineral status can be assessed with hair samples.
Some practitioners claim to be able to fix just about anything with a twist of a verterbra.
Some practitioners clip tongue-ties with the infant awake, with or without local anesthesia.
Some practitioners connect the points with straight lines creating a jagged shape.
Some practitioners decompose the task of inference into two stages.
Some practitioners develop hundreds of IP-cloaked pages using software.
Some practitioners do have concerns with the new initiative, however.
Some practitioners do use aerosol sprays for cleansing, money drawing, etc.
Some practitioners do.
Some practitioners feel the label information is incomplete.
Some practitioners find the wording of the consent form frightening to patients.
Some practitioners go as far as to say the C corporation is dead for small business.
Some practitioners have difficulty risking the possibility of growth on an issue such as spanking.
Some practitioners have wounds everywhere on their bodies.
Some practitioners hold continuing education credits granted by a state nursing association.
Some practitioners hold the right finger or toe of a female and the left hand or toe of the male.
Some practitioners inject the diluted solution directly into the bloodstream.
Some practitioners make an effort to keep the fat cells alive.
Some practitioners make do with simple text information listing specialities and contact numbers.
Some practitioners offer concessions.
Some practitioners prefer to excise the track and allow it to heal by first intention.
Some practitioners prefer to include the factual allegations in the petition itself.
Some practitioners prefer to measure it before all doses.
Some practitioners prefer using a small curette.
Some practitioners probe deeper.
Some practitioners recommend an even more restrictive diet.
Some practitioners recommend biannual checkups, in the spring and fall.
Some practitioners recommend eating at least two eggs a day.
Some practitioners recommend supplements of antioxidant nutrients.
Some practitioners report great results.
Some practitioners say that they can see parasites.
Some practitioners see differing domains as somehow mutually exclusive.
Some practitioners seem to have come from a past of despair or tortuous illness.
Some practitioners still recommend the higher intake for all ages for both men and women.
Some practitioners still use live bee stings to deliver the venom.
Some practitioners stop there.
Some Practitioners suggest manipulation to other areas of the spine, eg.
Some practitioners support the use of herbal supplements and antioxidant vitamins.
Some practitioners take a weekend training course, then hang out a shingle.
Some practitioners treat the condition with manipulations.
Some practitioners use a trust to avoid appointment of a guardian.
Some practitioners use impressive looking machines in order to diagnose food allergies.
Some practitioners use music as a background to aid relaxation.
Some practitioners use no instruments at all.
Some practitioners use scented oils to promote relaxation and healing.
Some practitioners use the term for positive and negative adjustments.
Some practitioners use two pads and do both sides of the face simultaneously.
Some practitioners work on children, which many experts feel can be risky.
Some practitioners work within mainstream medicine, while others have unique approaches.
Praedial larceny is another of the area' s problems.
Praeger publications isp,upn Russian history and world communism.
A praetor is a judge
Praetor can run with all virus scanning software that performs that function as a relay.
Praetor eliminates common hassles to allow surefire and consistent spam screening.
Praetor goes beyond the capabilities found in other software packages.
Praetor is a highly effective messaging firewall and content filter.
Praetor offers the ultimate protection for the entire Lotus Notes user population.
Praetor offers the ultimate protection for the entire network user population.
Praetors are judges.
Praetors preside over the courts and other municipal matters.
Pragmatic analysis involves formatting and generating an appropriate response.
Pragmatic arguments have their place in the abortion debate.
Pragmatic bears are able to use sexual fantasies to distract themselves from their motion sickness .
Pragmatic conceptions emphasize the operative character of conviction.
Pragmatic considerations are important when considering which drug to prescribe.
Pragmatic considerations overshadow theoretical notions.
Pragmatic idealism involves the art of ideological persuasion.
Pragmatic instructions are useful, but they are secondary.
Pragmatic journalists have dozens of tools and forms on their workbenches.
Pragmatic persons break up or divorce or stay married for practical reasons.
Pragmatic politicians care about the result.
Pragmatic problems can thus lower social acceptance.
Pragmatic reasons exist for setting five hundred students as a goal.
Pragmatic rules determine the use of words.
Pragmatic strategies create environments in which one can define and achieve success.
A pragmatic is a decree
Pragmatics deals with acts of speech, or why people use the language they use it.
Pragmatics investigates a linguistic utterance as a communicative action.
Pragmatics is a field of linguistics studying comunication.
Pragmatics is the study of linguistic acts and the context in which they are performed.
Pragmatics is the study of linguistic communication, of actual language use in specific situations.
Pragmatics is the study of meaning in context.
Pragmatics is the study of the underlying assumptions that one makes.
Pragmatics is the study of the ways in which context affects meaning.
Pragmatics refers to actually using language to communicate.
A pragmatism is a philosophical theory
Pragmatism also rejects the problems of essential nature because they are transcendental.
Pragmatism appears to prevail when American soldiers help their fellow citizens.
Pragmatism becomes the conductor.
Pragmatism calls for the creative use of ANY tool which works.
Pragmatism comes first.
Pragmatism defines 'agreeing' to mean certain ways of 'working,' be they actual or potential.
Pragmatism expresses one of the main inspirations of our culture.
Pragmatism goes with the territory.
Pragmatism is a claim made by idle politici-ans.
Pragmatism is a polite way of saying that there is no vision.
Pragmatism is based upon the philosophy of science.
Pragmatism is certainly never far away.
Pragmatism is essential today.
Pragmatism is melioristic.
Pragmatism is perhaps most important in the area of standards and interoperability.
Pragmatism is presented as the philosophic counterpart of democracy.
Pragmatism is solid meat for scientists.
Pragmatism is the defenestration of idealism.
Pragmatism is the name of the game.
Pragmatism is the obvious path to go on here.
Pragmatism is the offspring of maturity.
Pragmatism is their watchword.
Pragmatism is wrong because it is centered on the present, the self, and material.
Pragmatism largely explains the spread of evangelical movements, analysts say.
Pragmatism melds the courage of eagle, the mildness of dove.
Pragmatism posits that the truth is never final.
Pragmatism strikes again.
Pragmatism takes precedence over theory.
Pragmatism takes time seriously.
Pragmatism then leaves room for moral knowledge having objectivity.
Pragmatism turns against itself on pragmatic grounds.
A pragmatist is a realist
Pragmatists adopt expediency as the standard of truth.
Pragmatists also advocate more or less moderate views.
Pragmatists are realists.
Pragmatists have their pragmatic-linguistic choices to weigh.
Pragmatists ignore the literature.
Pragmatists know it and use it.
Pragmatists propose to test the truth of ideas.
Pragmatists see the construction of knowledge as a logic-based testing of ideas against experience.
Pragmatists suffer it.
Prairie air is used to reduce the noise created by the ship s propellers as they turn in the water.
Prairie animals can go without water for a while because of the small amount of water.
Prairie animals escape the fire by running, flying or retreating to their burrows.
Prairie birds are predominant and conspicuous, such as the Western meadowlark and Horned lark.
A prairie chicken is a grouse
Prairie chickens are famous for their spring mating displays.
Prairie chickens are grassland birds.
Prairie chickens are grouses.
Prairie chickens boom nearby.
Prairie chickens can fly like ducks.
Prairie chickens eat insects like grasshoppers, ants, and leafhoppers.
Prairie chickens eat tender leaves, seeds, sedges, insects and berries.
Prairie chickens live in tall grass coastal prairie.
Prairie chickens meet, mate and separate.
Prairie chickens require large expanses of open grassland.
Some prairie chickens perch in aspen trees.
Some prairie chickens perch in trees.
Prairie clovers hold onto their seeds all winter long.
Some prairie clover has niches.
A prairie cordgrass is grass
Prairie cordgrass grows on wet banks of sluggish streams and around ponds.
Prairie cordgrass has deep rhizomes which allow it to survive fires.
Prairie cordgrass has great ability to stabilize soil and prevent water erosion.
Prairie cordgrass is easy to grow and turns golden brown in late summer.
Prairie cordgrass is the most abundant grass of low floodplains and wetlands in Indiana.
Prairie cordgrass provides fair to poor forage for livestock and wildlife.
Prairie cordgrasses have distribution.
Prairie cordgrasses have wide distribution.
Most prairie cordgrasses have distribution.
Most prairie cordgrasses have wide distribution.
Prairie Creek has several areas of obstructed flow.
Prairie crocus does well in grazed areas, but fields that are ploughed are a different matter.
Prairie crocus grows in northern latitudes more or less all around the world.
Prairie crocus grows on the prairie and in dry, open woods, often on sandy soils.
Prairie crocus seems to be generally limited to unbroken prairie.
Prairie crocuses grow best in sandy, well-drained soils in sunny locations.
Some prairie crocuses belong to buttercup families.
Some prairie crocuses belong to families.
A prairie dog is a mammal
Prairie dog burrows act as aquifers that prevent water from eroding land while helping to cool it.
Prairie dog burrows act as homes for many species as well.
Prairie dogs are active by day and live in colonies.
Prairie dogs are active during the day.
Prairie dogs are active only during daylight hours and spend a lot of time feeding and socializing.
Prairie dogs are active only during the day.
Prairie dogs are active only during the daytime.
Prairie dogs are actually ground squirrels.
Prairie dogs are also aggressive against predators such as badgers and snakes .
Prairie dogs are also aggressive against predators such as badgers and snakes.
Prairie dogs are also terrible thieves, with a special fondness for socks.
Prairie dogs are among a dam operator's worst foes.
Prairie dogs are animals.
Prairie dogs are astonishingly destructive to ranch and farmlands.
Prairie dogs are chiefly herbivorous , though they eat some insects .
Prairie dogs are colonial animals that live in complex networks of tunnels with multiple openings.
Prairie dogs are common here.
Prairie dogs are common in here.
Prairie dogs are communal and create large burrow systems that all members of the colony can use.
Prairie dogs are diurnal animals and eat grasses and forbs.
Prairie dogs are diurnal, which means they are awake during the day and sleep at night.
Prairie dogs are essential to black-footed ferrets.
Prairie dogs are extremely healthy and hardy.
Prairie dogs are found in many national parks in the American West.
Prairie dogs are found in the United States , Canada , and Mexico .
Prairie dogs are found in the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
Prairie dogs are highly susceptible to disease, specifically sylvatic plague and yerinia pestis.
Prairie dogs are highly susceptible to the infection and entire colonies can be destroyed.
Prairie dogs are large ground squirrels which live together in highly organized societies.
Prairie dogs are mammals.
Prairie dogs are medium-sized tan squirrels with very short tails.
Prairie dogs are most active during the cool hours of daylight.
Prairie dogs are named for their habitat and warning call, which sounds similar to a dog's bark.
Prairie dogs are native to short-grass prairie habitats of western North America.
Prairie dogs are natural fertilizers of the ground.
Prairie dogs are one example of the many kinds of wildlife that are at Wind Cave.
Prairie dogs are really kind of a squirrel.
Prairie dogs are remarkably sociable animals.
Prairie dogs are rodents.
Prairie dogs are small, short-tailed animals with eyes and small ears set far back on their heads.
Prairie dogs are social animals with a sophisticated social network.
Prairie dogs are strictly diurnal animals.
Prairie dogs are susceptible to plague, and entire dog towns can be eliminated quickly.
Prairie dogs are susceptible to several diseases.
Prairie dogs are tan colored, have large eyes and short, black-tipped tails.
Prairie dogs are territorial.
Prairie dogs are the engineers that create a unique ecosystem used by dozens of prairie species.
Prairie dogs are the same.
Prairie dogs are their main prey.
Prairie dogs are their natural prey.
Prairie dogs are traditionally shorter than groundhogs and have short, buff-colored coarse hair.
Prairie dogs are vegetarians by circumstance only, being omnivorous in captivity.
Prairie dogs are very different from their name.
Prairie dogs are very social and can make excellent pets.
Prairie dogs are very social animals and burrow long underground tunnels.
Prairie dogs are very social animals.
Prairie dogs are very vocal animals.
Prairie dogs avoid extreme inbreeding.
Prairie dogs bear four or five young per litter.
Prairie dogs belong to families.
Prairie dogs build mounds and underground tunnels to keep flood water out.
Prairie dogs can damage rangeland and occasionally carry plague.
Prairie dogs can escape danger quickly by hiding in burrows.
Prairie dogs can increase by one-third of their population per year.
Prairie dogs can only live a very short life.
Prairie dogs can spread the plague and other diseases.
Prairie dogs clip tall-growing vegetation within their towns to enhance predator detection.
Prairie dogs communicate with different barks and warn each other of an advancing owl or a coyote.
Prairie dogs compete with livestock for forage.
Prairie dogs consume it as a major food wherever they encounter it.
Prairie dogs create unique patches of habitat ideal for mountain plovers.
Prairie dogs depend on each other and their burrows to survive.
Prairie dogs dig underground burrows to hide from enemies.
Prairie dogs do well in a dry, cool environment with adequate ventilation.
Prairie dogs draw shooters, literally, from around the world.
Prairie dogs eat grass, leaves and roots surrounding their town.
Prairie dogs eat grass.
Prairie dogs eat grasses, roots, seeds and leafy plants.
Prairie dogs eat seeds, flowers, and sometimes grasshoppers.
Prairie dogs eat voraciously.
Prairie dogs employ a complex form of communication that involves barks and rhythmic chirps.
Prairie dogs enhance habitat for desert cottontails.
Prairie dogs enjoy the company of each other greatly.
Prairie dogs evoke a variety of responses in people.
Prairie dogs feed mainly on grass, and occasionally on eggs.
Prairie dogs form extensive and elaborate burrows within which they live.
Prairie dogs give alarm calls when they detect a potentially dangerous stimulus.
Prairie dogs have a bulky body, big eyes, a short tail, and short limbs.
Prairie dogs have a complex social structure.
Prairie dogs have a sophisticated form of communication.
Prairie dogs have front legs.
Prairie dogs have housing crunches, too.
Prairie dogs have large eyes, short tails and a brownish-tan pelage.
Prairie dogs have legs.
Prairie dogs have many adaptations like sharp claws to help it dig there burrows.
Prairie dogs have muscular front legs.
Prairie dogs have muscular legs.
Prairie dogs have only one litter of five pups a year.
Prairie dogs have reddish fur, large eyes, short ears and broad round heads.
Prairie dogs improve the neighborhood.
Prairie dogs increase fitness by killing interspecific competitors .
Prairie dogs lead active lives, spending most of their time aboveground foraging.
Prairie dogs live at the site, and their burrowing activities are degrading the trail ruts.
Prairie dogs live in areas.
Prairie dogs live in Central and North America.
Prairie dogs live in colonies commonly referred to as prairie dog towns.
Prairie dogs live in colonies that can stretch for miles.
Prairie dogs live in colonies.
Prairie dogs live in coteries, which consist of several towns.
Prairie dogs live in families.
Prairie dogs live in large colonies that are also called towns or villages.
Prairie dogs live in large groups.
Prairie dogs live in short-grass prairies and mountain plains of the western USA and Mexico.
Prairie dogs live in social groups called towns.
Prairie dogs live in underground burrows.
Prairie dogs live in underground communities.
Prairie dogs live naturally only in the mixed or shortgrass prairie.
Prairie dogs make endearing and unforgettable pets.
Prairie dogs moisten the dirt.
Prairie dogs occur on a variety of prairie and high desert vegetative communities.
Prairie dogs pop up along the road.
Prairie dogs prefer areas.
Prairie dogs protect each other.
Prairie dogs raise their heads from their burrows in response to disturbances.
Prairie dogs spend almost all day above ground feeding and on the alert.
Prairie dogs stalk grind squirrels.
Prairie dogs stalk squirrels.
Prairie dogs survive in climates.
Prairie dogs survive in dryer climates.
Prairie dogs talk with sounds and body language.
Prairie dogs thrive on attention and affection and give back so much more than they take.
Prairie dogs use different calls to identify specific predators .
Prairie dogs use different calls to identify specific predators.
Prairie dogs use front teeth.
Prairie dogs use sharp front teeth.
Prairie dogs use sharp teeth.
Prairie dogs use teeth.
Most prairie dogs belong to families.
Most prairie dogs eat grass.
Most prairie dogs have front legs.
Most prairie dogs have legs.
Most prairie dogs have muscular front legs.
Most prairie dogs have muscular legs.
Most prairie dogs live in areas.
Most prairie dogs survive in climates.
Most prairie dogs survive in dryer climates.
Most prairie dogs use front teeth.
Most prairie dogs use sharp front teeth.
Most prairie dogs use sharp teeth.
Most prairie dogs use teeth.
Some prairie dogs compete with livestock.
Some prairie dogs eat crops.
Some prairie dogs have children.
Some prairie dogs live in colonies.
Some prairie dogs live in large colonies.
Some prairie dogs maintain unity.
Some prairie dogs survive in habitats.
Some prairie dogs survive in natural habitats.
Prairie falcons eat a wide variety of prey including mammals, birds, reptiles, and insects.
Prairie falcons nest on ledges.
Prairie falcons zip over the shortgrass and the lovely song of the meadowlark is everywhere.
Prairie farmers know Liberal agricultural policies and programs usually end up a wreck.
Many prairie farmers claim their infestations originated with hay imported in the dirty thirties.
Prairie fen is common within the sub-subsection.
Prairie fens are common along the margins of the sub-subsection.
Prairie fire can be as revitalizing as spring rain.
Prairie fire is fire
Prairie fires are a natural occurrence and essential to maintenance of the ecosystem.
Prairie fires are good because it enriches the soil and burns woody growth.
Prairie fires destroy tree seedlings, but burn only the uppermost part of grass plants.
Prairie fires help stop the incursion of brush and trees onto the prairie.
Prairie flowers are in bloom.
Prairie flowers attract a diversity of pollinating insects.
Prairie flowers bring beauty to a monotonous landscape of corn and soybeans.
Prairie fragments lose nutrients following prescribed burning .
Prairie gardens can be beautiful and affordable.
Prairie gardens follow the pattern of native prairies.
Prairie gardens take approximately three seasons to become established.
Prairie geography presents certain unique challenges.
Prairie grass blows in waves during the summer, while winter brings fierce winds, ice and snow.
Prairie grass grows to different heights.
Prairie grass is grass
Prairie grass is preserved because it is extremely rare.
Prairie grass makes a beautiful and unusual change from the familiar round of nursery plantings.
Prairie grass persists better under rotational grazing than continuous grazing management.
Prairie grass requires a high level of fertility for maximum production.
Prairie grass seeding rate varies with seedbed condition, method of seeding, and quality of seed.
Prairie grasses do best with spring and summer seedings.
Prairie grasses have buds just underground that spring up quickly after a fire.
Prairie grasses have buds underground that spring up quickly after a fire.
Most prairie grasses are a natural protection and food source for wildlife throughout the winter.
A prairie grouse is a grouse
Prairie grouse are another story.
Prairie hay is desirable and efficient for livestock feeding.
Prairie heritage is rich in Iowa.
Prairie hill flying has many advantages over mountain flying.
Prairie history is discussed as well as the future of prairies in Ohio.
Prairie houses appear to be part of the landscape.
Prairie Island has four steam generators, two for each reactor.
Prairie Island is our history, but it is also our future.
Prairie lamps are an investment.
Prairie mammals affect prairie habitat in a variety of ways.
Most prairie mammals have an excellent ability to move quickly when needed.
Prairie management can be passive or intensive.
Prairie meadows provide year round landscape interest.
Prairie meadows require no fertilizers or fungicides, and few, if any, herbicides.
Prairie people are survivors.
Prairie perseverance is just their way.
Prairie plants are ideal for low maintenance landscaping.
Prairie plants are introduced by direct seeding and greenhouse-grown transplants.
Prairie plants are nearly free of disease and insects.
Prairie plants are often much larger than they appear.
Prairie plants are well suited to the soils and environment of Illinois.
Prairie plants attract butterflies and other interesting insects.
Prairie plants develop root systems that far exceed the reach of their top growth.
Prairie plants give beauty to prairies throughout the growing season.
Prairie plants grow more vigorously when built-up plant materials and shade are removed.
Prairie plants have deep, massive roots that absorb nearly all available water.
Prairie plants have dense roots that help hold the soil together and collect moisture.
Prairie plants have dense roots that hold the soil together and collect moisture.
Prairie plants have roots.
Prairie plants offers something for just about everyone.
Prairie plants require at least a half a day of full sun.
All prairie plants have deep roots.
Many prairie plants do best in loam soils.
Most prairie plants are perennial.
Most prairie plants are perennials.
Most prairie plants have roots.
Prairie plantings provide habitat for rare and endangered species of birds and butterflies.
Prairie points can be very striking when done in stripes.
Prairie potholes are also an important resource for urban centers.
Prairie potholes are common in the Midwest.
Prairie potholes are found in the northern parts of North America.
Prairie potholes are important habitat for many species of migrating waterfowl.
Prairie potholes are most numerous where large-scale glacial stagnation processes dominated.
Prairie potholes are the breeding habitat for more than half the ducks in North America.
Prairie preservation requires careful management.
A prairie rattlesnake is a rattlesnake
Prairie rattlesnakes are the only venomous snake in the park.
Prairie religion is the dry trace of wind-blown dust on a wooden pew.
Prairie reserve promotes sport for aboriginal people.
Prairie restoration begins with an attempt to remove exotic species.
Prairie restoration is a very long-term proposition.
Prairie restoration is good public relations and good business.
Prairie restoration is more than preserving our native wildflowers and grasses.
Prairie restoration protects the environment.
Prairie restoration remains at the heart of the movement.
A prairie schooner is a wagon
Prairie schooners loaded with families bound for Oregon come through Illinois too.
Prairie schooners loaded with families bound for Oregon come through Indiana too.
Most prairie seeds are either very small or light and fluffy.
Prairie skinks are secretive creatures spending most of their time hidden under some form of cover.
Prairie skinks have escape mechanisms.
Prairie skinks have mechanisms.
Most prairie skinks have mechanisms.
Some prairie skinks emerge from hibernation.
Prairie smoke is a bush
Prairie smoke sends up short stalks that have nodding, deep mauve flowers.
Prairie sod is so dense that settlers once used it like bricks to build houses.
Prairie soil is dirt
Prairie soil is rich soil.
Prairie soil is soil.
Prairie soils are usually deficient in nitrogen and phosphorus.
Prairie soils provide a rich growth medium for a range of agricultural crops.
Prairie soils provide food for America and many other countries.
Most prairie soils are neutral to slightly alkaline.
Prairie species are somewhat claustrophobic.
Prairie streams harbor significant aquatic life.
Prairie students are both urban and rural.
Prairie style is modeled from an original.
Prairie vegetation is dominated by tall grasses associated with subdominant broad-leaved herbs.
Prairie View is the second-oldest institution of higher education in the state of Texas.
Prairie Village is a suburb of Kansas City.
A prairie vole is a field mouse
Prairie voles are extremely monogamous.
Prairie voles are meant to be models of monogamy .
Prairie voles are the voles that are found in the prairies of central North America.
Prairie voles are voles.
Prairie voles build systems of runways and nests in many North American grasslands.
Prairie voles eat leaves, plants, bulbs, seeds and bark.
Prairie voles have short tails and ears and live in shallow underground burrows.
Prairie voles live in grassland.
Prairie voles look like rodents with small rounded bodies, four short legs and a short tail.
Prairie voles provide a unique opportunity to study the mechanisms involved in regulating monogamy.
Prairie voles require a full canopy cover for protection from predators.
Most prairie voles live in grassland.
A prairie wagon is a wagon
Prairie wagon rides and walks, stories, games, crafts, food and exploration.
Prairie wildlife inhabit the area.
Prairie contains wildflowers.
Prairie does best there.
Prairie forms a broad belt extending from Texas northward to southern Alberta and Saskatchewan.
Prairie has abundances.
Prairie has disturbances.
Prairie is books.
Prairie is dominated by grass.
Prairie is dominated by vegetation.
Prairie is fields.
Prairie is grassland
Prairie is grassland.
Prairie isa grassland.
Prairie possesses grasshoppers.
Prairie rattlesnakes also use the prairie dog dens and are common throughout the refuge.
Prairie rattlesnakes have a diamond shaped head which is set off from the relatively thin neck.
Prairie wins state.
Prairies absorb a lot of rain, reducing erosion and runoff.
Prairies are a very important aspect in our lives.
Prairies are an essential part of Nebraska s history.
Prairies are an exciting part of the original landscape of Ohio.
Prairies are an important part of America's history and natural heritage.
Prairies are an important part of the ecosystem.
Prairies are an open track of land.
Prairies are areas where fire is a very important component.
Prairies are as beneficial to game species as they are to nongame wildlife.
Prairies are big areas of land that are covered in grass.
Prairies are defined as extensive areas of flat or rolling grasslands.
Prairies are dependent on fire.
Prairies are diverse grasslands with an abundance of wildflowers and few woody plants.
Prairies are essential for the survival of many plants and animals.
Prairies are extensive grasslands with a diversity of wildflowers and few shrubs or trees.
Prairies are flat grasslands.
Prairies are found across North America and have been symbolized in numerous works of literature.
Prairies are found in landscapes too dry for forests and too wet for deserts.
Prairies are generally humid and are densely covered in tall grass.
Prairies are grasslands with tall grasses while steppes are grasslands with short grasses.
Prairies are in areas of more seasonal rainfall.
Prairies are located in the interior of North America.
Prairies are more common than in the other subregions.
Prairies are one of the most distinctive aspects of the North American landscape.
Prairies are stable ecosystems.
Prairies are the grasslands found in the central part of the North American continent.
Prairies are the most endangered ecosystem of North America.
Prairies are unique ecosystems dominated by grasses and other non-woody plants called forbs.
Prairies are vast open areas dominated by grasses.
Prairies are warm in summers and cold in the winters.
Prairies are wide open areas without any trees.
Prairies bloom from spring to fall.
Prairies can be home to a variety of wildlife and plants.
Prairies can be tropical or temperate.
Prairies cover most of the states west of the Mississippi River.
Prairies depend on fire to maintain the ecosystem stability and diversity.
Prairies generally consist of native plants, rather than alien plants.
Prairies have cold winters and hot summers with a moderate amount of rain and snowfall.
Prairies have trees, but few.
Prairies increase ecological diversity.
Prairies manage to replenish themselves year after year.
Prairies maybe temperate or tropical.
Prairies support a large community of invertebrates.
Prairies support an enormous diversity of organisms.
Prairies take time to heal themselves and become functioning ecosystems.
Prairies always lack good soil.
All prairies are different in the amount of rainfall and the seasonal temperature.
Most prairie contains wildflowers.
Most prairie has abundances.
Most prairie has disturbances.
Most prairie is dominated by grass.
Most prairie is dominated by vegetation.
Most prairie possesses grasshoppers.
Some prairie attracts birds.
Some prairie attracts butterflies.
Some prairie has diversity.
Some prairies also have a few trees.
Some prairies have short grass, some have tall, and some have mixed grass.
Some prairies have tall course grasses and others have short grass species.
Praise band includes drums, congas, piano, acoustic guitar, bass guitar and voices.
Praise music begins ten minutes before each service.
Praise music drifts across the parking lot.
Praise Music is a celebration of our faith through a joyous group sing along.
Praise singers lead the lively music.
Praise actually has the power to silence the foe and the avenger.
Praise almost seems to be inner health made audible.
Praise also comes in words of encouragement and respect.
Praise attempts toward adaptive behavior.
Praise Bands Open auditions take place early in the school year.
Praise be for the geniuses who run the City of Detroit.
Praise Be generous with Praise.
Praise be gods.
Praise be the telescope gods.
Praise be to all.
Praise be to buyers.
Praise be to football.
Praise be to Goddess Hera.
Praise be to gods of land and sky.
Praise be to lip balm.
Praise be to prayers.
Praise be to the champion, the runner up, and all other heroes who entered.
Praise be to the champions, and the other heroes who entered.
Praise be to the distant sister sun, joyful as the silver planets run.
Praise be to the Hindu Gods.
Praise be to the Internet.
Praise be to the invention of rubber gloves and hot dog tongs.
Praise be to the Name of God forever and ever.
Praise be to the teacher.
Praise be, nasty little undercurrents.
Praise becomes a call to let it go.
Praise befits the upright.
Praise bounces harmlessly off a comfortable ego.
Praise brings a change in the atmosphere of our homes.
Praise brings an increase of the anointing.
Praise brings protection and deliverance.
Praise brings revelation.
Praise brings the anointing to worship and worship brings that anointing of glory.
Praise brings the anointing, but worship brings the glory.
Praise brings victory, power, healing, deliverance and blessing.
Praise builds a child's confidence and reinforces communication.
Praise builds confidence and enhances desirable behaviours.
Praise builds it up.
Praise calls attention to the good, the helpful, and the positive.
Praise calls attention to the things they can change.
Praise can also be a powerful weapon when properly understood.
Praise can be a very strong motivator.
Praise can be an excellent motivator of good behavior.
Praise can be counterproductive too.
Praise can be in the form of singing or otherwise.
Praise can be nonverbal as well.
Praise can go a long way toward employee morale.
Praise can go a long way.
Praise can have a lasting effect on families.
Praise can imply a judgment.
Praise can lead to competition.
Praise can lift the burden of grief.
Praise can serve as an effective tool if used selectively and specifically with a child.
Praise can spur to greater things.
Praise changes the spiritual climate.
Praise Changes Things.
Praise Click on a title above to listen to a sample of the song.
Praise completes enjoyment.
Praise costs nothing and takes only a few seconds to say.
Praise creates unity and tranquility and love.
Praise crushes stones of doubt.
Praise decentralizes self.
Praise does come, but it is infrequent.
Praise does such wonders to a child's self-esteem.
Praise does that.
Praise emphasizes external validation over internal feelings of satisfaction.
Praise encourages learning when it is sincere and believable.
Praise encourages personal growth and bolsters self-confidence.
Praise enhances a positive relationship as well as a child's self-esteem.
Praise establishes strength and causes our faith to go forth and become active.
Praise exposes lies of deceit.
Praise expresses admiration, appreciation, and thanks.
Praise features a collection of hymns played on folk instruments.
Praise fills pits of ignorance.
Praise Find an attribute or an achievement to compliment.
Praise flows naturally from a grateful heart.
Praise focuses on the end result.
Praise follows as a natural response.
Praise gives meaning to otherwise meaningless tasks.
Praise goes a long way in potty training a puppy.
Praise goes a long way.
Praise helps to create joy, peace and health.
Praise improves mental health.
Praise increases the probability of success and high achievement.
Praise is a better motivator than bribes, threats or ultimatums.
Praise is a calling given to every believer.
Praise is a creative and unique program of praise and worship.
Praise is a far more effective reward tool than food.
Praise is a form of adoration and it is an integral part of worship.
Praise is a good thing to share.
Praise is a great way to motivate children.
Praise is a mark of a parish.
Praise is a much more effective motivator of good behavior than criticism.
Praise is a natural reaction to loving thoughts.
Praise is a non-expense method to increase morale, motivation and productivity.
Praise is a powerful management tool, especially when it is genuine, immediate, and specific.
Praise is a powerful motivator.
Praise is a powerful people-builder.
Praise is a response.
Praise is a sixteen-day, intense taste of ministry.
Praise is a tremendous conflict management strategy.
Praise is a type of reward that is based on competition.
Praise is a type of reward.
Praise is a very important part of raising a good student.
Praise is a way of life.
Praise is a weapon of warfare.
Praise is a wonderful teacher.
Praise is a wonderful way to build self-esteem.
Praise is all about focusing on the good things that a person does.
Praise is also a form of prayer.
Praise is also due to some of the striking images created within the production's simple framework.
Praise is also due to the production team.
Praise is also good for a lot of other problems.
Praise is also helpful for a job well done.
Praise is always an effective motivation tool.
Praise is always welcome.
Praise is an act of faith .
Praise is an entirely new concept in the arena of worship.
Praise is an excellent example.
Praise is an important ingredient in parenting.
Praise is an indispensable factor in the prayer life, both individual and corporate.
Praise is another good teaching tool.
Praise is another way of helping children feel proud.
Praise is approval.
Praise is cheap.
Praise is closely related to thanksgiving, but there is a difference.
Praise is comely for the upright.
Praise is comely for.
Praise is comely.
Praise is commanded.
Praise is commendation
Praise is deeper that the lips.
Praise is due to all who assisted in organising the tournaments.
Praise is effectively and extremely important in the aspect that it is also a great training tool.
Praise is evidence.
Praise is first . . .
Praise is foreplay, but worship is intimacy.
Praise is frequent.
Praise is generally ineffective for several reasons.
Praise is given for appropriate behavior, to reinforce it.
Praise is good for the body and soul also.
Praise is good.
Praise is in fact a powerful medicine, particularly for children.
Praise is initiated in times of thankfulness.
Praise is inner health made audible.
Praise is like putting water on a plant.
Praise is like sunshine on a flower . . .
Praise is located in beds.
Praise is more effective than bad remarks.
Praise is more likely to be remembered.
Praise is more memorable than complaining.
Praise is more than thanksgiving.
Praise is most effective when it's linked to a specific activity, quality or attribute.
Praise is motivation enough for any kid to persevere.
Praise is nice, because all humor writers are emotionally needy.
Praise is no part of it, for nothing is made worse or better by praise.
Praise is offered for slick passing movements and skillful touches while poor shooting is ridiculed.
Praise is often conditional.
Praise is often inaccurate.
Praise is one form of social approval.
Praise is one important part of worship.
Praise is one of the greatest responsibilities of the poet.
Praise is one of the most important tools for altering behavior.
Praise is one of the most powerful tools in a parent's possession.
Praise is one of the surest ways to keep from getting slothful in spiritual life.
Praise is one reward that can never be overdone.
Praise is one type of positive reinforcement.
Praise is one very important factor toward building good self esteem.
Praise is only valuable when it is genuine and descriptive.
Praise is our liturgy.
Praise is our men s vocal ensemble.
Praise is overused.
Praise is passed on to the appropriate manager to ensure the staff concerned are thanked.
Praise is personal.
Praise is positive.
Praise is powerful.
Praise is simpler, less pretentious synonym.
Praise is sincere and free flowing.
Praise is so important to add meaning to any job or assignment.
Praise is so much easier and better than harshness, ridicule, or negativity.
Praise is so very important.
Praise is sometimes just a reminder that the child has a problem.
Praise is sometimes sweet and at other times hard.
Praise is spiritual warfare in the face of insurmountable odds.
Praise is spontaneous and natural and good.
Praise is such a great gift, and it is so easy to give.
Praise is the active key to that door of surrender which leads to healing.
Praise is the basic way to express our faith and thus strengthen it.
Praise is the cheapest and most effective way to motivate people.
Praise is the complement of sight, hearing, and unity.
Praise is the entering in.
Praise is the expression of appreciation, the result of prizing.
Praise is the first step on the stairway of prayer.
Praise is the fruit of our lips.
Praise is the highest form of appreciation.
Praise is the highest form of communion.
Praise is the highest form of prayer.
Praise is the honey of life, which a devout heart gets from every bloom of Providence and grace.
Praise is the key to a good self image .
Praise is the language of a heart set free.
Praise is the language of faith and stirs up faith.
Praise is the mark of a humble, thoughtful soul.
Praise is the mode of love which always has some element of joy in it.
Praise is the most common form of positive reinforcement.
Praise is the most commonly used reward or reinforcer in the classroom.
Praise is the most heavenly of Christian duties.
Praise is the most important element in religion and in the psychological life of the worshiper.
Praise is the most joyful work in the world.
Praise is the multiplicand.
Praise is the natural response of grateful hearts.
Praise is the only thing that can be accorded to their products.
Praise is the outcome of faith.
Praise is the outgrowth of faith, worship, and adoration - as well as of confession.
Praise is the overflow of the heart, bubbling out of the mouth.
Praise is the simplest and often the most valued form of reward.
Praise is the spark plug of faith.
Praise is the tactic of war.
Praise is the voice of faith.
Praise is the way out.
Praise is too.
Praise is unselfish.
Praise is used as positive reinforcement rather than food reward, ball reward or shock collars.
Praise is used sparingly.
Praise is usually an effective reinforcer for adolescents.
Praise is usually more exuberant, more wordy.
Praise is very important.
Praise is very well used to celebrate pupils' achievements and encourage improvements.
Praise is welcomed and gratingly solicited.
Praise is what teaches a dog what to do.
Praise is worship and most of that is done in public worship.
Praise is worship.
Praise leads to self-delusion.
Praise Listen to an audio interview.
Praise means heartfelt adoration.
Praise means someone has caught on to the value and significance of Mark.
Praise motivates everyone to reach their full potential.
Praise motivates the child to continue to learn and accomplish new goals.
Praise occupies a very large place in the Psalms.
Praise offers a variety of ministries and organizations for all ages and interests.
Praise participates in a variety of league sports in the neighboring communities.
Praise produces forgetfulness of self and forgetfulness of self is health.
Praise produces forgetfuness of self and forgetfulness of self brings health.
Praise produces purity .
Praise provides encouragement.
Praise puts a false perspective on hockey players.
Praise reorients the mind and heart to begin experiencing peace.
Praise represents a short-lived historical phase of China.
Praise satisfies the soul and brings joy, gives refreshing and well-being, drives away evil spirits.
Praise scales the walls of condemnation.
Praise seems to have become a subset of flattery.
Praise Select one from the drop down menu to comment on.
Praise simply acknowledges the things our kids are doing right.
Praise speeds the learning process.
Praise torches the darkness of fear.
Praise transforms prayer into looking.
Praise transforms the scars of injustice into marks of servanthood.
Praise works better than punishment.
Praise works much better than criticism to keep children going.
Praises are easy.
Praises are quality features, performance and price.
Praises are too numerous to mention.
Praises be to fair sea.
Praises correct answers and urges trying again for wrong answers.
All praise be to the Great Triune God, the creator of all that is.
All praise is assumed to be due to men.
All praise is well-deserved.
All praises are certainly due.
Any praise is preferential treatment.
Praline mixture is poured out flat and pecans are rolled over the top.
A praline is candy
Praline looks about and finds it to be very similar indeed.
Pralines are candies made from brown sugar and pecans.
Pralines are candy.
Pralines are food.
Pralines are the national speciality.
A pram is a container
A pram is a vehicle
PRAM allows every processor to access memory at the same time.
PRAM is applied to categorical variables.
PRAM is just a small type of memory chip connected to a battery.
PRAM is typically battery-powered, and when the battery wears out, computers can behave erratically.
Pram isa container.
PRAM lives inside the clock chip.
PRAM refer to offsets with that partition.
Prams have (part) axles.
Prams have (part) brakes.
Prams have (part) sections.
Prams have (part) wheels.
Prams have priority over bicycles.
A prance is a gait
Prance worries about the loss of rain forests and plant species.
Pranic energy is the stimulator of animal activity, and of physical plane development.
Prank calls are annoying or threatening in nature.
Prank calls are good.
Prank calls and punk rock smorgasborg.
Prank calls and stuff.
Prank calls on emergency phones are criminal acts in Missouri and perpetrators can be prosecuted.
Prank calls to call-in talk shows.
Prank is human activities.
Prank is indulgence
Prank is jokes.
Pranks are at a minimum.
Pranks are common.
Pranks are the deadly enemy of reality.
Pranks do have the potential to turn sour, however.
Pranks Listen to prank phone calls in real audio.
Pranks there make national news.
Pranks Use super glue all the items on the desk of a coworker to the desk.
Many pranks happen in the regiment and there are many rascals there.
Most pranks tend to be on the minor side.
A prankster is a person
Pranksters are troublemakers.
Pranksters can certify other pranksters, and ninnies.
Pranksters use it to annoy people.
Some pranksters do strange things.
Prarie dogs live year-round.
Praseodymium oxide is among the most refractory substances known.
A praseodymium is metal
Praseodymium is a component of our glass blowing specticles.
Praseodymium is a malleable and ductile silver colored metal.
Praseodymium is a rare-earth metal of the lanthanide series in group IIIb of the periodic table .
Praseodymium is a rare-earth metal, and is also a member of the lanthanide series .
Praseodymium is a silvery rare-earth metal that is soft, malleable and ductile.
Praseodymium is a silvery white, fairly soft, malleable, and ductile metal.
Praseodymium is a soft malleable, silvery-yellow metal.
Praseodymium is a soft, malleable, ductile metal with a yellowish, metallic shine.
Praseodymium is a soft, malleable, ductile, silvery metal.
Praseodymium is a soft, malleable, ductile, silver-yellow metal.
Praseodymium is a soft, silvery, malleable and ductile metal in the lanthanide group.
Praseodymium is a soft, silvery, malleable, and ductile metal in the lanthanide group.
Praseodymium is a typical metal, somewhat similar to aluminum, iron, or magnesium.
Praseodymium is also a component of didymium glass.
Praseodymium is considered to be moderately toxic.
Praseodymium is one of the lanthanide rare earth metals.
Praseodymium is one of the more abundant of rare-earth elements.
Praseodymium is one of the more common lanthanides.
Praseodymium is soft, silvery, malleable, and ductile.
Praseodymium is used in special alloys and glasses.
Praseodymium is used to make specialized yellow glass goggles for glass blowers and welders.
Praseodymium reacts with water to form praseodymium hydroxide plus hydrogen gas.
Praseodymiums are chemical elements.
Praseodymiums are metallic elements.
A prater is a speaker
Prater finishes the thought.
Prater offers rotary airlock feeders.
Pratical advice is given on caring for a puppy, adult maintenance,and breeding and rearing.
Pratical threshold signatures.
A pratincole is a wader
Pratincoles are short-legged insect feeders, which feed on the wing much like swallows.
Pratincoles have four toes, short bills and legs, long, pointed wings, and forked tails.
Pratique para ser santo.
Pratt members receive a tuition discount.
Pratt soils are on similar positions.
Pratt students have access and borrowing privileges at participating libraries.
Prattle can also be a noun.
Prattle is a message board system implementing a clean linear model.
Prattle is chatter
Pravastatin sodium is an odorless, white to off-white, fine or crystalline powder.
A pravastatin is statin
Pravastatin is an antilipemic agent indicated for the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia.
Pravastatin is generally well tolerated.
Pravastatin is only part of a total cholesterol-lowering program.
Pravastatin reduces cardiovascular events in older patients after a myocardial infarction.
Pravastatin works best if taken with food.
Pravastatins are statin.
Prawn farming is labor-intensive with high overheads.
A prawn is a decapod
Prawns are actually a different species.
Prawns are among the UK's favourite seafoods and the favourite sandwich filling.
Prawns are an important catch.
Prawns are for liveliness and happiness.
Prawns are in plentiful supply in the south.
Prawns are part of shrimp.
Prawns are seafood.
Prawns are sensitive to many of the pesticides used on row crops.
Prawns can replace the scallops.
Prawns flourish in flooded marshes where they are sheltered by aquatic plants.
Prawns have great natural mortality.
Prawns When rigging prawns to use as bait try to think how they swim when alive.
Praxeological law is a term inclusive of everything pertaining to human action, including self-love.
Pray mantises belong to genus.
Pray mantises eat bugs.
Pray mantises extend arms.
Pray mantises feed on bugs.
Pray mantises feed on insects.
Pray mantises feed on other insects.
Pray mantises feed on other such insects.
Pray mantises fold front legs.
Pray mantises fold legs.
Pray mantises have compound eyes.
Pray mantises have excellent eyesights.
Pray mantises have eyes.
Pray mantises have eyesights.
Pray mantises have huge compound eyes.
Pray mantises have ranges.
Pray mantises have wings.
Pray mantises live in regions.
Pray mantises live in tropical regions.
Some pray mantises eat butterflies.
Some pray mantises eat grasshoppers.
Some pray mantises have behavior.
Some pray mantises have big appetite.
Some pray mantises have spikes.
Some pray mantises shed skin.
Prayer Beads Learn all about prayer beads such as rosaries, malas, and chaplets.
Prayer beads make excellent earplugs.
A prayer book is a book
Prayer books are books.
Prayer books are located in churchs.
Prayer books are optional.
Prayer books provide translation and some transliteration of the Hebrew.
Many prayer books are more obstacle than aid.
Some prayer books have the Hebrew written out phonetically already.
All prayer breakfasts are open to the public.
Prayer cards are also in the pews.
Prayer chains are an awesome way to crank up the power for a special outreach event.
Prayer chains pray for emergency and regular prayer needs.
Prayer circles accompany the departure of choral tour groups, and prayer opens classes.
Prayer flags are even more common.
Prayer flags are traditional symbols of peace, compassion, protection and love.
Prayer flags dot the hills, fluttering in the wind.
Prayer flags fly above every house and large wooden or metal prayer wheels sanctify the trail.
Prayer flags surmount the rigsum gonpo group.
Prayer group is a big family of people who get together to praise, and pray.
Prayer groups are also popular.
Prayer groups continue to meet.
Prayer groups meet at various times and locations throughout the week.
Prayer groups meet daily across North America and on-line for prayer and encouragement.
Prayer groups meet during every semester.
Prayer groups meet each week to pray for the needs of students as well as the school.
Prayer groups meet once a week to pray for the needs of people in the group and the needs of others.
Prayer groups meet weekly.
Prayer groups provide strength, support, and spiritual growth.
Prayer groups seem to be popping up everywhere.
Prayer meeting can be one of the most satisfying and attractive meetings in the church.
Prayer meeting is a service
Prayer meetings are almost a thing of the past.
Prayer meetings are taboo.
Prayer meetings are usually the least attended meetings in the majority of churches.
Prayer meetings are wonderful, as are Bible study groups.
Prayer meetings follow.
Prayer meetings is services.
All prayer meetings last approximately a half hour.
Prayer plant leaves fold up at night.
Prayer plants like to be fertilized at least once a month from spring through fall.
Prayer rooms are available in the church building.
Prayer rooms are inclusive, meaning everybody can sign up to pray.
Prayer rooms give the church the ability to schedule prayer.
Prayer rooms promote consistent, informed intercession.
A prayer rug is a rug
Prayer rugs are available.
Prayer time helps bring that about.
Prayer time is a fun time and exciting time.
Prayer time is meant to be thanksgiving time.
Prayer time is powerful and sweet.
Prayer time is very important.
Prayer time strengthens the chords of love.
Prayer times change every day because of the changing times of sunrise and sunset.
Prayer times vary according to sunrise and sunset and are listed in the daily newspapers.
Prayer warriors are to be no different today.
A prayer wheel is prayer
Prayer wheels adorn every home and public place.
Prayer wheels are prayer.
Prayer wheels can be extraordinarily powerful and blessed.
Prayer wheels use movement to generate merit and spread auspiciousness.
Prayer accomplishes everything.
Prayer accomplishes the work in a person's heart.
Prayer acknowledges an awareness of the supernatural world.
Prayer acts as a switch, which releases our forces and energies.
Prayer acts as the glue that holds successful marriages together.
Prayer acts in the supernatural realm.
Prayer alleviates anxiety about illnesses.
Prayer alone has the power to break through the strongholds of spirit worship.
Prayer appears to be a fairly simple and straightforward issue.
Prayer arises out of the soil of genuine repentance.
Prayer ascending from the faithful heart is like incense rising from the altar.
Prayer asks for it and contemplation tastes it.
Prayer avails more for the conversion of sinners than any other thing.
Prayer bears no relation to magic.
Prayer becomes a way to request special privilege.
Prayer becomes an attitude, a reverent approach to all of life.
Prayer becomes desire, thirst and hunger, because it involves the soul and body.
Prayer becomes infrequent and unreal.
Prayer becomes more meaningful.
Prayer becomes worship.
Prayer begets faith, faith begets love, and love begets service on behalf of the poor.
Prayer Begin each program with prayer.
Prayer begins a task and ends it.
Prayer begins and ends the day.
Prayer begins where human capacity ends.
Prayer begins with praise.
Prayer begins with the Bible.
Prayer begins with the lighting of two candles.
Prayer begins wordlessly, in vaulted silence.
Prayer begins, then, by finding a place apart building our pagoda.
Prayer belongs among humanity's most widespread practices.
Prayer belongs in church, at home or in one's head.
Prayer belongs in the closet, and with the door shut, please.
Prayer binds the enemy and opens the heavens.
Prayer breaks strongholds.
Prayer breaks through the false dominion of the enemy.
Prayer bridges that gap between flesh and spirit.
Prayer bridges the gap between heaven and earth.
Prayer brings boldness to our lives.
Prayer brings comfort and peace to the soul.
Prayer brings healing for the hurts sin has inflicted upon our lives and the lives of others.
Prayer brings humility to the one praying.
Prayer brings in another player.
Prayer brings joy to our hearts and strengthens our faith.
Prayer brings life.
Prayer brings peace.
Prayer brings release and peace.
Prayer brings the ability to bear.
Prayer brings the love that is essential to creation.
Prayer brings the right things to pass.
Prayer brings the voice into that enactment.
Prayer brings victory.
Prayer builds a safety wall around and prevents outer influences from diluting the mind.
Prayer builds the relationship.
Prayer can accomplish a lot.
Prayer can also be manipulative, irresponsible, controlling, even harmful.
Prayer can also take the form of action .
Prayer can be a frightening reality.
Prayer can be a great resource.
Prayer can be a powerful force in overcoming evil and hardness of heart.
Prayer can be a right to one person and offensive to another.
Prayer can be an experience which nourishes a person for many subsequent years.
Prayer can be both private and corporate.
Prayer can be exciting, powerful and fulfilling.
Prayer can be extremely powerful.
Prayer can be in many forms- alone or groups Prayers can be written, sung, or recited.
Prayer can be individual or corporate, audible or silent.
Prayer can be just like our earthly communications.
Prayer can be more effectual in making changes.
Prayer can be negative, even when one's intent is seemingly positive.
Prayer can be silence, full of meaning but utterly with- out content.
Prayer can become a very good habit.
Prayer can become perfunctory without inspiration.
Prayer can bring comfort in the greatest sorrow and loneliness.
Prayer can bring light into our darkness.
Prayer can bring peace into our lives.
Prayer can change lives drastically.
Prayer can change much.
Prayer can change things.
Prayer can convert people who do bad things, it can stop wars and it can cure sick people.
Prayer can do everything.
Prayer can even help heal memories after the possibility for reconciliation has past.
Prayer can flourish.
Prayer can focus our hospitality at home.
Prayer can force a passage through iron bars and brazen gates.
Prayer can happen any time during the day.
Prayer can happen early in the morning, late at night, or at many other conducive times.
Prayer can have many expressions, personal and communal.
Prayer can help.
Prayer can increase rates of recovery from cancer.
Prayer can induce a hypnotic trance, as can meditation.
Prayer can lead to a higher consciousness and effective, neighborly action to help alleviate hunger.
Prayer can lead to a sense of forgiveness and freedom from shame.
Prayer can let in a ray of hope when all our earthly prospects seem darkened.
Prayer can make a tremendous difference.
Prayer can move mountains and fuel many a ship.
Prayer can move mountains.
Prayer can overrule all evil.
Prayer can reach into the deepest depths of anywhere.
Prayer can save the world.
Prayer can take many forms.
Prayer can take place at home, school, work, outdoors, or in a mosque.
Prayer can take the place of the late movie on TV, or the evening card game, etc.
Prayer can work in the sinner's heart where no amount of reason or common sense seems to penetrate.
Prayer can work miracles and change the hearts of even wicked rulers.
Prayer causes changes to happen.
Prayer changes everything.
Prayer changes history.
Prayer changes lives.
Prayer changes men.
Prayer changes nations.
Prayer changes over the years.
Prayer changes people and people change things.
Prayer changes people and they change things.
Prayer changes people, and people change things.
Prayer changes people.
Prayer changes the level of any encounter.
Prayer changes the natural.
Prayer changes the people prayed for and the people praying.
Prayer changes the way the world is and therefore changes what the world can be.
Prayer changes the way the world is, and therefore changes what can be.
Prayer changes the world.
Prayer changes things - and people.
Prayer changes things and can influence all elements of life.
Prayer changes things, all right.
Prayer changes things, it's true.
Prayer changes things, the saying goes.
Prayer changes things.
Prayer combined with fasting is a powerful spiritual weapon.
Prayer comes first , then learning, then academics.
Prayer comes in many forms.
Prayer comes with instructions too.
Prayer concentrates the faculties.
Prayer continues for three weeks unless the request is renewed or other information is provided.
Prayer continues in the desire of the heart, though the understanding be employed on outward things.
Prayer continues to be a factor on campuses across America.
Prayer continues to be our major emphasis.
Prayer continues to move it forward.
Prayer continues to saturate their worship and daily life.
Prayer covers it all.
Prayer covers the whole of our lives.
Prayer creates an opportunity for lives to change.
Prayer demands focus and obedience, as well as intimacy and faithful nurture.
Prayer demands our entire being.
Prayer determines the destinies of men, their families, their communities, and their nations.
Prayer differs from most other religious beliefs since the results can be measured.
Prayer does begin at home.
Prayer does change the circumstances of life.
Prayer does change things and it brings about healing.
Prayer does change things.
Prayer does help.
Prayer does involve petition and intercession, but it also includes communion.
Prayer does make a difference, and even now, more rain can fall.
Prayer does make a difference.
Prayer does marvelous things.
Prayer does more good than harm.
Prayer does that.
Prayer does work and is even more powerfull in numbers.
Prayer does work.
Prayer edifies the believer.
Prayer elevates our mind and deepens our understanding.
Prayer elevates the mind.
Prayer embraces the doubts and questions of our souls as well as the joys and discoveries of hope.
Prayer empowers the preaching of the gospel.
Prayer encourages humility and honesty.
Prayer ends the session.
Prayer ensures good spiritual health.
Prayer establishes deeper companionship.
Prayer evolves as a natural response to new and deeper insights.
Prayer exercises in elementary and secondary schools carry a particular risk of indirect coercion.
Prayer exists always, extends everywhere.
Prayer exists as an act of love.
Prayer expresses the unity of the congregation and the concern that it has for other people.
Prayer falls into the catagory of free speech.
Prayer fills the mind with truth and gives hope to the heart.
Prayer focuses and unites our fragmented hearts.
Prayer focuses on events.
Prayer forms a habit.
Prayer forms the vision and breaths life into it.
Prayer fuels our worship and our education, our stewardship and our outreach.
Prayer generated by faith can change the world.
Prayer gives focus to the mission of the church.
Prayer gives joy to the spirit and peace to our heart.
Prayer goes beyond normal conversation.
Prayer goes to the bank and draws on promises.
Prayer governs the weather . . .
Prayer grows in the mind as the body is reverently disposed.
Prayer has little to do with feelings, and everything to do with human hearts and minds.
Prayer has real effects on healing or it is just wishful thinking and self-deception.
Prayer heals human souls.
Prayer heals the history of sin.
Prayer heals the sick.
Prayer helps couples overcome trials and temptations.
Prayer helps focus the healing work.
Prayer helps heal bullies and people who are being bullied.
Prayer helps heart patients.
Prayer helps in many different ways.
Prayer helps in times of trouble.
Prayer helps people live a clean spiritual life style.
Prayer helps such confidence to grow.
Prayer helps the spirit remain focused in a constantly changing environment for both young and old.
Prayer helps too, at a house of worship or at home, but so do yoga and meditation.
Prayer helps too.
Prayer here is the whole affective component of meditation.
Prayer ignites expectancy.
Prayer improves physicial and mental health.
Prayer indeed changes things.
Prayer inevitably leads to action.
Prayer invokes the help of invisible beings.
Prayer involves a sequence of changes in body posture with simultaneous Arabic recitation.
Prayer involves commitment to continuing recovery from our addiction.
Prayer involves dealing with the real issues of the heart whether good or bad.
Prayer involves listening also.
Prayer involves much more than words spoken with our lips.
Prayer involves some worship, but also intercession for others and petitions for our own needs.
Prayer involves the whole person.
Prayer is . . .
Prayer is a a subjective part of an objective religion.
Prayer is a burning desert where the steel of love is tempered in white hot furnaces.
Prayer is a burning incense that never ceases to give off the fragrance of divine nature.
Prayer is a catalyst and elixir.
Prayer is a comforter.
Prayer is a communion.
Prayer is a concentration of positive thoughts.
Prayer is a conduit for miracles.
Prayer is a confession of creature weakness, yes, of helplessness.
Prayer is a confession of one's own unworthiness and weakness.
Prayer is a conflict, a great spirit fight.
Prayer is a consecration, commitment, oblation.
Prayer is a constant all through the book of Acts.
Prayer is a constant aspect of their lives.
Prayer is a constant source of invigoration to self-discipline.
Prayer is a conversation between two people who love each other.
Prayer is a conversation.
Prayer is a crown jewel of speech.
Prayer is a crucial part of our spiritual growth.
Prayer is a cry for help.
Prayer is a cycle.
Prayer Is a Dangerous Thing.
Prayer is a deeply personal and individual process.
Prayer is a deeply personal experience, best left to individuals, their families, and conscience.
Prayer is a delicate, private matter.
Prayer is a delight, but it also very serious.
Prayer is a depth in the smile of eyes.
Prayer is a deterrent to sin in our lives.
Prayer is a dialog that requires listening as well as speaking.
Prayer is a direct address to some spiritual entity.
Prayer is a discipline and an education.
Prayer is a discipline leading to freedom.
Prayer is a discipline that can be learned.
Prayer is a divine science and worthy of our study.
Prayer is a duty as imperious as service.
Prayer is a dwelling.
Prayer is a force as real as terrestrial gravity.
Prayer is a form of hoping for the best.
Prayer is a form of meditation too.
Prayer is a form of vigilance.
Prayer is a form of worship rewarded primarily in the Hereafter.
Prayer is a gift.
Prayer is a giving. .
Prayer is a good and powerful thing.
Prayer is a good barometer of motivation.
Prayer is a good example of the spiritual becoming religious.
Prayer is a good place to start.
Prayer is a good substitute for a love spell.
Prayer is a great and awesome privilege.
Prayer is a great neutralizer.
Prayer is a great part of any religion.
Prayer is a great way to get life back in perspective after going to battle.
Prayer is a greater school and discipline of divine love than the service of man is.
Prayer is a highly powerful tool for anybody.
Prayer is a holy privilege.
Prayer is a huge mystery.
Prayer is a hunger, and food for hunger.
Prayer is a journey into self-knowledge.
Prayer is a journey out of the Egypt of self-sufficiency to the promised land of grace.
Prayer is a joy.
Prayer is a key to being patient, and having hope.
Prayer is a key to spiritual power and success.
Prayer is a key to wisdom, virtue, and humility.
Prayer is a key.
Prayer is a kind of loving.
Prayer is a kind of worship.
Prayer is a ladder to a higher vista.
Prayer is a language.
Prayer is a lifelong task.
Prayer is a listening.
Prayer is a living relationship.
Prayer is a major part of the ministry as well as Scripture, Inspiration, humor and love.
Prayer is a manner of life.
Prayer is a matter of life and faith.
Prayer is a matter of the heart.
Prayer is a means for churches to clearly understand their mission and to gain confidence.
Prayer is a means of grace.
Prayer is a means of moving from chaos into wholeness.
Prayer is a mighty force.
Prayer is a mighty power for goodness and against evil.
Prayer is a mighty tool, a powerful tool.
Prayer is a modern form of incantation, and works about as well.
Prayer is a most common form of transmission.
Prayer is a mystery and difficult to measure.
Prayer is a name for clairvoyance radiant with omni-directional power.
Prayer is a necessity.
Prayer is a normal condition for perseverance.
Prayer is a one-way mode to converse With the substratum of the universe.
Prayer is a paradox.
Prayer is a part of each session.
Prayer is a part of that preparation.
Prayer is a part of the evening, and sometimes dessert.
Prayer is a peace.
Prayer is a personal issue.
Prayer is a positive thing.
Prayer is a powerful act of creation.
Prayer is a powerful force for peace.
Prayer is a powerful force in our lives and in the lives of all believers.
Prayer is a powerful force that can lift spirits, guide journeys and heal hearts.
Prayer is a powerful force that can lift spirits, guide journeys, and heal the heart.
Prayer is a powerful force.
Prayer is a powerful healer as well.
Prayer is a powerful instrument to bless young men.
Prayer is a powerful means towards peace.
Prayer is a powerful spiritual current.
Prayer is a powerful thing folks.
Prayer is a powerful thing.
Prayer is a powerful tool for finding strength and peace.
Prayer is a powerful tool when it is approached without any selfish motive.
Prayer is a powerful tool.
Prayer is a powerful weapon which can demolish strongholds.
Prayer is a powerful weapon.
Prayer is a powerful, enlightening, healing, enriching, awesome thing.
Prayer is a practice that is part of one s spiritual life.
Prayer is a practice, a spiritual discipline to evolve with.
Prayer is a Praise or a Petition.
Prayer is a precious and important part of daily life.
Prayer is a presence.
Prayer is a priestly duty.
Prayer is a priestly function.
Prayer is a primary weapon in combating spiritual blindness.
Prayer is a priority in breaking the spiritual strongholds on our campuses and in our society.
Prayer is a priority in the hearing category.
Prayer is a priority.
Prayer is a privilege and a duty.
Prayer is a privilege and a mighty force.
Prayer is a privilege.
Prayer is a Reconciliation or a request.
Prayer is a relationship.
Prayer is a religious activity that many people have difficulty starting.
Prayer is a religious exercise.
Prayer is a rhythm of quiet breathing, and beat of hear.
Prayer is a right thing, a just thing.
Prayer is a searing by the truth, but also a delighting in the truth.
Prayer is a seeking and also a finding.
Prayer is a serene force at work in human beings.
Prayer is a serious duty.
Prayer is a service, a power, world girdling.
Prayer is a significant and universal aspect of religion.
Prayer is a significant element in our worship services.
Prayer is a silence.
Prayer is a skill to be learned and developed.
Prayer is a source of conversion and transformation.
Prayer is a special ministry at our camp.
Prayer is a spiritual act of worship.
Prayer is a spiritual discipline that requires modeling, mentoring, and practice.
Prayer is a spontaneous habit.
Prayer is a spring of psalms in the thirsty noon.
Prayer is a stabilizing agent.
Prayer is a staple of the Christian life.
Prayer is a state of being.
Prayer is a stillness.
Prayer is a struggle in the life of a believer.
Prayer is a sure way of relieving burdens.
Prayer is a teacher.
Prayer is a teaching tool.
Prayer is a telephone call through the universal exchange.
Prayer is a trance state.
Prayer is a transfiguring, transforming duty, which makes the face to shine.
Prayer is a transforming experience.
Prayer is a tremendous expression of faith.
Prayer is a tremendously effective way of helping and serving.
Prayer is a trusty companion along the weary path to liberation.
Prayer is a truth.
Prayer is a turning away from the world, visible and invisible.
Prayer is a two-way street.
Prayer is a universal form of spiritual expression.
Prayer is a universal in worship.
Prayer is a useful tool to promote understanding, both of the text and each other.
Prayer is a very personal thing.
Prayer is a very powerful action if used right.
Prayer is a very powerful tool, problem is most people gut hung up on who they're praying to.
Prayer is a very real and practical thing.
Prayer is a very strong help.
Prayer is a very strong medicine that has the power to accomplish good things.
Prayer is a very useful way of dealing with sin.
Prayer is a very very useful tool.
Prayer is a very wide term.
Prayer is a viable, vital part of our outreach together.
Prayer is a vibrant and meaningful part of our ministry.
Prayer is a vibrant and meaningful part of the fabric of our life.
Prayer is a virtue.
Prayer is a vital and key component for and of a changed life in Jesus.
Prayer is a vital component in answering life's difficult questions.
Prayer is a vital element of the Christian life.
Prayer is a vital ingredient of family life at every stage.
Prayer is a vital necessity.
Prayer is a vital part of each worship service.
Prayer is a vital part of the Christian life.
Prayer is a vital part of the Golan Heights project.
Prayer is a vital part of the worship experience.
Prayer is a vital part of witnessing.
Prayer is a voluntary act, as the church is a voluntary organization.
Prayer is a watch in the night.
Prayer is a way of coping with or bargaining for grief.
Prayer is a way of life, it sustains life - like breathing .
Prayer is a way of looking.
Prayer is a way of making time, of making sacred time.
Prayer is a way of realizing and recognizing the power of moments.
Prayer is a way to remember the future.
Prayer is a wholeness.
Prayer is a wonderful source of guidance, encouragement and solace.
Prayer is a wonderful thing.
Prayer is a wonderful way of maturing and growing.
Prayer is a yearning to be met or a yes when others say no.
Prayer is abolutely ego-less.
Prayer is about a lifestyle.
Prayer is about physical and spiritual survival.
Prayer is about so much more than simply getting stuff, anyway.
Prayer is about strengthening the heart.
Prayer is absolutely dependent upon faith.
Prayer is absolutely essential.
Prayer is accompanied by hand motions that symbolize dust being brushed away.
Prayer is action.
Prayer is alive.
Prayer is also a great healer.
Prayer is also a key element to typical group meetings.
Prayer is also a main focus of our time.
Prayer is also a part of the means at one's disposal.
Prayer is also a positive force.
Prayer is also a refined expression of a state of mind, of an inner vision.
Prayer is also a response to a calling.
Prayer is also about imagining .
Prayer is also action.
Prayer is also an attitude, a mind-set.
Prayer is also an energy that exists.
Prayer is also an expression of feeling.
Prayer is also an expression of hope.
Prayer is also an important part of our worship.
Prayer is also an important part of small group life as well.
Prayer is also an indirect witnessing tool.
Prayer is also communication.
Prayer is also question, doubt, sorrow, laughter, dance, old, new, yes, and no.
Prayer is also that, but real prayer means attention.
Prayer is also the breath of spiritual life and vigor.
Prayer is also the ministry's rearguard.
Prayer is always a faith exercise.
Prayer is always a religious act.
Prayer is always an act of worship.
Prayer is always appropriate.
Prayer is always in order.
Prayer is always in proportion to our hope, zealous and affectionate.
Prayer is always step one.
Prayer is always the first activity for our teachers and students in an emergency situation.
Prayer is always the first resort.
Prayer is always the initiator of great revivals.
Prayer is always the key.
Prayer is always the preface to blessing.
Prayer is always the right prescription.
Prayer is amazing.
Prayer is an act of dependence and, sometimes, an act of desperation .
Prayer is an act of faith .
Prayer is an act of faith that defies logical argument.
Prayer is an act of love.
Prayer is an act of mind, body, and soul.
Prayer is an act of righteousness.
Prayer is an act of worship.
Prayer is an activity.
Prayer is an aggressive activity, and it requires perseverance, faith and spiritual strength.
Prayer is an amazing strength which the Asian church possesses, as well.
Prayer is an appeal beyond the authority of the politburo.
Prayer is an automatic consequence of the mixing of such people.
Prayer is an avalanche of grace.
Prayer is an awesome privilege, and powerful responsibility.
Prayer is an awesome privilege.
Prayer is an awful thing.
Prayer is an effective way to begin to become involved.
Prayer is an essential component of any spiritually effective congregation.
Prayer is an essential discipline for the effective evangelist.
Prayer is an essential part of a believers life.
Prayer is an essential part of making any medicine tool.
Prayer is an essential part of our Christian life.
Prayer is an essential part of the Christian life.
Prayer is an essential part of witnessing.
Prayer is an essential prerequisite.
Prayer is an exercise of faith.
Prayer is an exercise of religion.
Prayer is an expensive business.
Prayer is an expression in truth.
Prayer is an expression of love and care.
Prayer is an expression of our faith.
Prayer is an expression of people.
Prayer is an important dimension of our life together.
Prayer is an important discipline for the believer.
Prayer is an important element of meetings.
Prayer is an important element to the class.
Prayer is an important form of worship in nearly all the religions in the world.
Prayer is an important part of all our activities.
Prayer is an important part of each school day.
Prayer is an important part of our Christian walk.
Prayer is an important part of our church life.
Prayer is an important part of our life as a Christian community.
Prayer is an important part of our worship.
Prayer is an important part of their lives too.
Prayer is an important part of worship.
Prayer is an important ritual for many religious people.
Prayer is an indispensable part of contending for the faith.
Prayer is an inner dialogue of confession, thanksgiv ing, andthis is keyopenness.
Prayer is an integral component of the spiritual life of mankind.
Prayer is an integral part of Benedictine life.
Prayer is an integral part of each of our lives.
Prayer is an integral part of our marriage.
Prayer is an integral part of school life.
Prayer is an integral part of the healing process, as is spirituality and belief.
Prayer is an integral part of the small group.
Prayer is an open door which none can shut.
Prayer is an opening of the human heart.
Prayer is an openness inundated with wonder.
Prayer is an opportunity to experience humility and recognise grace.
Prayer is an ordinance of divine worship.
Prayer is an unfailing remedy in all situations.
Prayer is an universal phenomenon, present in all peoples and cultures.
Prayer is an uplifting of our thoughts into a marriage with our spirit.
Prayer is anguish, agony, dying. .
Prayer is another essential component of the Christian life.
Prayer is another pillar of the Muslim religion.
Prayer is another type of meditation.
Prayer is another very important tool in encouraging deeper communication within a marriage.
Prayer is another way to do the same thing and many people do it just that way.
Prayer is another way, and it does likewise.
Prayer is another.
Prayer is answered, someway, sometime, often in a surprising way, but prayer is answered.
Prayer is anthropomorphic.
Prayer is arrival at the border.
Prayer is as constant as conversation.
Prayer is as essential as eating and breathing.
Prayer is as essential to our life as breathing.
Prayer is as essential to our life as oxygen.
Prayer is as much listening as it is talking.
Prayer is as natural to a soul in sorrow or sickness as a bark is to a dog.
Prayer is as necessary as all the other commandments.
Prayer is as necessary to life as water is to the body.
Prayer is as old as humankind, as universal as religion and as instinctive as breathing.
Prayer is as old as the human race.
Prayer is astonishment.
Prayer is at heart a groan and therefore musical.
Prayer is at the centre of our life together.
Prayer is at the core of the way the two final steps are conceived.
Prayer is at the heart of any ministry.
Prayer is at the heart of mission.
Prayer is at the heart of our daily life, and everything else grows out of it.
Prayer is at the heart of our lives and our commitment.
Prayer is at the heart of renewal.
Prayer is at the heart of the priesthood.
Prayer is available to all students at all times.
Prayer is battle.
Prayer is bes' t'ing in the worl'.
Prayer is best as Praise, even as Jubilation.
Prayer is better than sleep.
Prayer is both a gift of grace and a determined response on our part.
Prayer is both a group activity and an individual practice.
Prayer is both an attitude and an activity.
Prayer is both corporate and private.
Prayer is both effective and acceptable.
Prayer is both effective ministry and the means by which effective ministry is performed.
Prayer is both general and specific.
Prayer is both praise and supplication.
Prayer is but the link between past and future joys.
Prayer is central in our lives and of utmost necessity.
Prayer is central to the overall direction of community life.
Prayer is central to the Science of Mind.
Prayer is certainly at the heart of a successful cell church.
Prayer is common among people seeking to ease intense pain.
Prayer is communication and as in any communication, there is two way conversation.
Prayer is communication.
Prayer is communion with the Eternal principle that is within everyone.
Prayer is compared in the Bible to incense.
Prayer is complex.
Prayer is constructive.
Prayer is contemplation and internalization of divine truths.
Prayer is continual communion and fellowship.
Prayer is conversation and supplication and intercession and worship.
Prayer is conversation.
Prayer is conversational, thus there is a time to reflect, a time to speak and a time to listen.
Prayer is cool water that cools the heart.
Prayer is costly, it is the work of the church.
Prayer is critical also.
Prayer is critical.
Prayer is dangerous.
Prayer is desire.
Prayer is devotional.
Prayer is different from magic.
Prayer is different from meditation in one respect.
Prayer is different.
Prayer is divided into several categories.
Prayer is dynamite.
Prayer is either the primary fact or the worst delusion of life.
Prayer is embarrassment looking for relief.
Prayer is empowering and energizing.
Prayer is empowerment.
Prayer is enlivened and deepened by fasting.
Prayer is essential and central to the program.
Prayer is essential in all retreats.
Prayer is essential in fighting fear, doubt, and any number of other emotional problems.
Prayer is essential to a full-flowing of the spiritual life.
Prayer is essential to a healthy and growing spiritual life.
Prayer is essential.
Prayer is eternal or enlightening.
Prayer is extremely important also.
Prayer is extremely important.
Prayer is extremely inportant.
Prayer is faith.
Prayer is far more than an expression of personal desires or a request for favors.
Prayer is far more than mere formulaic repetition.
Prayer is fine, wonderful and to have any meaning at all, a private activity.
Prayer is first choice for seniors to help relieve stress.
Prayer is first of all worship.
Prayer is followed by a time of Bible Study.
Prayer is followed by visitation of new and past visitors as well as organized door knocking.
Prayer is for children.
Prayer is for fruit-bearing.
Prayer is for losers.
Prayer is for many epitome of personal Christian experience.
Prayer is for many hard work.
Prayer is for our immeasurable benefit, and the blessings are beyond imagination.
Prayer is for the leadership, planning, preparation, and the actual event.
Prayer is foremost.
Prayer is found in almost all religions.
Prayer is foundational.
Prayer is free but very powerful.
Prayer is free, but priceless.
Prayer is free.
Prayer is free-flowing, spontaneous, and loving.
Prayer is frightening.
Prayer is fruitless when there is no sincerity of heart.
Prayer is fundamental and many opportunities are given to prayer.
Prayer is fundamental in the Kingdom of God.
Prayer is fundamentally about posture.
Prayer is general, supplication special.
Prayer is good in itself, just as friendship is good in itself.
Prayer is good medicine.
Prayer is good with fasting and alms and righteousness.
Prayer is good with fasting and alms more than to lay up treasures of gold.
Prayer is good, but action ultimately has more value.
Prayer is good.
Prayer is governed by principles and spiritual laws.
Prayer is great power in evangelism.
Prayer is great.
Prayer is hard on pride.
Prayer is hard work because it is doing battle against the forces of evil.
Prayer is hard work.
Prayer is harmful when people use it instead of going to a doctor.
Prayer is health of the soul.
Prayer is heard without worship but prayer is answered in the realm of worship.
Prayer is heart to heart connection.
Prayer is helpful work.
Prayer is high on the agenda of most evangelical churches.
Prayer is holy work.
Prayer is important for everyone.
Prayer is important for witnessing.
Prayer is important in both corporate and individual settings.
Prayer is important.
Prayer is in English language.
Prayer is in many ways one of the great mysteries of the Christian faith.
Prayer is in no way separated from good works and social action.
Prayer is in our nature.
Prayer is in very deed the pulse of the spiritual life.
Prayer is included with morning announcements.
Prayer is indeed a powerful active, moving energy.
Prayer is indescribably better.
Prayer is indespensible to effective leadership.
Prayer is indispensable, too.
Prayer is information transfers.
Prayer is instinctive in men.
Prayer is integral to our worship.
Prayer is intended to produce the divine spark, the special life of the soul.
Prayer is intensive care in acute suffering and sickness.
Prayer is intentional.
Prayer is intercession, finally.
Prayer is interior, an intimate overture.
Prayer is irksome.
Prayer is joy.
Prayer is JUST a tranquilizer.
Prayer is just the opposite.
Prayer is key here.
Prayer is less the flowery words or distant experience.
Prayer is life for the life of the world.
Prayer is like a deep water urn.
Prayer is like a deepwater urn.
Prayer is like a telephone call.
Prayer is like an umbrella in the storms of life.
Prayer is like breathing.
Prayer is like eating or drinking.
Prayer is like going outside to see what's really there.
Prayer is like incense.
Prayer is like preaching in that is a human act also.
Prayer is like preaching in that it is a human act also.
Prayer is like preparing the soil to receive the seed.
Prayer is like that, too.
Prayer is like that.
Prayer is like the air of our spiritual life.
Prayer is like the many facets of a diamond.
Prayer is literally a way of making time, of creating it.
Prayer is located in churchs.
Prayer is located in confessions.
Prayer is looked at as an alternative to medical care.
Prayer is love and hope and desire.
Prayer is Love in Action.
Prayer is love talking and love listening.
Prayer is made in silence, crying with raised voice, but tears overcome all things.
Prayer is magic.
Prayer is magick.
Prayer is many things to each person.
Prayer is matter of movement - before god one bows twice, claps ones hands twice and bows again.
Prayer is meant to be atime of intimacy.
Prayer is meant to be impromptu and offered at any time.
Prayer is ministry.
Prayer is more acceptable at the time when a person is doing a mitzvah.
Prayer is more caught than taught.
Prayer is more effective than argument.
Prayer is more necessary to the soul than food is to the body.
Prayer is more powerful than all the dark, mighty forces of earth.
Prayer is more powerful than preaching.
Prayer is more powerful when many join and unite their forces.
Prayer is more than an emergency exit.
Prayer is more than any ritual.
Prayer is more than just another weapon.
Prayer is more than just fulfilling the letter of the law.
Prayer is more than meditation.
Prayer is more than petition, but without petition there is no real prayer.
Prayer is more than simple meditation.
Prayer is more than spiritual warfare and spiritual warfare is more than prayer.
Prayer is more than that.
Prayer is more than words spoken or even written.
Prayer is more than words, and certainly prayer is never merely words.
Prayer is most effective when combined with effort.
Prayer is much more than a wish list.
Prayer is much more than that.
Prayer is necessary as worship.
Prayer is neither method nor manipulation.
Prayer is neither self therapy nor pious prattling.
Prayer is neither word nor gesture chant nor sound.
Prayer is never a private act.
Prayer is never a substitute for obedience.
Prayer is never an abstract rambling to be gotten through in a hurry.
Prayer is never false when it tells the truth.
Prayer is never like that.
Prayer is no longer a way of life.
Prayer is no mere exercise of words or of the ears, it is no mere repetition of empty formula.
Prayer is no substitute for action.
Prayer is nondenominational.
Prayer is number one.
Prayer is objective as well as subjective.
Prayer is of fundamental importance.
Prayer is of paramount importance.
Prayer is of the very essence of their vocation.
Prayer is of utmost importance.
Prayer is offered for each concern individually.
Prayer is often a group effort.
Prayer is often dull work.
Prayer is often the best when it says the least.
Prayer is omnipotent.
Prayer is one aspect of personal worship.
Prayer is one element of worship, singing is another.
Prayer is one kind of work, necessary to the proper doing of all other kinds.
Prayer is one of our highest privileges, and one of the most effective forces in our lives.
Prayer is one of the main forms of Jewish spiritual and religious identity.
Prayer is one of the most fundamental elements of our Catholic Christian life.
Prayer is one of the oldest forms of devotion on the planet.
Prayer is one of the primary means of becoming and staying spiritually healthy.
Prayer is one of the primary ways to accomplish tikkun.
Prayer is one such thing.
Prayer is one thing, but consistent prayer is another.
Prayer is only a two-way means of communicating, sort of a cosmic telephone, nothing else.
Prayer is only another name for good, clean, direct thinking.
Prayer is our ability to commune and actively partcipate in the events of creation.
Prayer is our apostolate.
Prayer is our communication link.
Prayer is our constant practice.
Prayer is our cry for help.
Prayer is our Evangelism.
Prayer is our firs weapon.
Prayer is our first step toward realizing the vision.
Prayer is our greatest service.
Prayer is our greatest tool for fighting religious persecution throughout the world.
Prayer is our greatest tool, and first on every call.
Prayer is our greatest weapon to take news action.
Prayer is our greatest weapon, and the presence of prayerful people speaks volumes.
Prayer is our holy occupation.
Prayer is our hope and spiritual weapon.
Prayer is our hope, study our mortification and contemplation our service to nature.
Prayer is our humble answer to the inconceivable suprise of living.
Prayer is our humble answer to the inconceivable surprise of living.
Prayer is our language of dependency.
Prayer is our life breath.
Prayer is our life source.
Prayer is our life.
Prayer is our lifeline.
Prayer is our main channel to self discovery and emotional balance.
Prayer is our Mission.
Prayer is our most important and most powerful tool for guidance.
Prayer is our most important resource.
Prayer is our most important weapon.
Prayer is our most powerful resource.
Prayer is our most powerful weapon against the enemy, and it is intensified while fasting.
Prayer is our most valuable resource right now.
Prayer is our occupation with our human needs and problems.
Prayer is our only refuge in the howling storm of renewed pain and sorrow.
Prayer is our power.
Prayer is our primary function.
Prayer is our primary weapon in spiritual battle.
Prayer is our recourse.
Prayer is our responsibility.
Prayer is our source of inspiration, wisdom and strength in our efforts.
Prayer is our strategy.
Prayer is our strongest weapon.
Prayer is our sustaining power.
Prayer is our thing.
Prayer is our way of communicating our trust.
Prayer is our weapon in spiritual warfare.
Prayer is our working method.
Prayer is out of schools.
Prayer is out, politics are in.
Prayer is outlawed.
Prayer is pagan, for goodness' sake.
Prayer is par excellence the power needed to implore that peace and obtain it.
Prayer is paramount.
Prayer is part of each day, both at the beginning of the day and throughout.
Prayer is part of each hour, mixed in the chaos.
Prayer is part of our daily walk.
Prayer is part of our mental and emotional landscapes.
Prayer is part of the daily curriculum.
Prayer is part of the mix.
Prayer is perhaps our greatest technology.
Prayer is perhaps the oldest and best-known concentration practice in the West.
Prayer is personal energy.
Prayer is personal.
Prayer is power .
Prayer is power.
Prayer is powerful AND efffective.
Prayer is powerful and gives strength.
Prayer is powerful and using it is profoundly more profitable.
Prayer is powerful, a concentration of our energy.
Prayer is powerful, sign up to be a part of our prayer network by calling the church office.
Prayer is powerful.
Prayer is prayer.
Prayer is primary, it is their apostolate, and it has no boundaries in space or time.
Prayer is Priority.
Prayer is probably the best beginning point.
Prayer is probably the world's most widely practiced visualization technique.
Prayer is proven to have a positive outcome, and to provide hope when all other hope is gone.
Prayer is rather like going to sleep.
Prayer is real.
Prayer is really about breathing.
Prayer is really something strong.
Prayer is reasonable.
Prayer is receptivity.
Prayer is relationship, and hence capable of almost infinite growth.
Prayer is relationship.
Prayer is religionists.
Prayer is requests.
Prayer is rituals.
Prayer is sacrifice.
Prayer is sacrificial and is palanca.
Prayer is secondary.
Prayer is seen as being therapeutic by many Christian leaders.
Prayer is seen as key to an active inner life and an experience of the higher self.
Prayer is self-discipline.
Prayer is sent to outside forces.
Prayer is set loose.
Prayer is shown as a basic human act.
Prayer is shown to be victorious over the evil one at times of great spiritual conflict.
Prayer is silent.
Prayer is silly.
Prayer is similar to concentration in certain points but differs radically in other respects.
Prayer is simple.
Prayer is simply a matter of the heart.
Prayer is so important, it is our greatest power over the enemy.
Prayer is so important.
Prayer is so much more than spiritual discipline or pious exercise.
Prayer is so powerful and it is making a difference in Japan.
Prayer is so powerful.
Prayer is so simple.
Prayer is so vital in the life of our church.
Prayer is so vitally important.
Prayer is something else too though.
Prayer is something that can go on all day, all the time.
Prayer is something to be shared with our children.
Prayer is somewhat mysterious and peculiar, particularly intercessory prayer.
Prayer is spiritual breathing.
Prayer is spiritual warfare against the supernatural powers of evil.
Prayer is spiritual worship.
Prayer is spoken.
Prayer is still a priority.
Prayer is still the ultimate stumbling block.
Prayer is strong.
Prayer is strongest weapon against satan.
Prayer is subject to the same general rules that govern all other student behavior in schools.
Prayer is subjective.
Prayer is such a privilege.
Prayer is such an easy thing to do, but it is so easily neglected from day to day.
Prayer is such an important part of the Christian life.
Prayer is synonomous with metaphysical treatment, though implemented in a distinctive way.
Prayer is that communication, and there is always room for improvement.
Prayer is that dialogue.
Prayer is that glowing furnace in which the fire of divine love is kindled and kept burning.
Prayer is that much deep beyond meditation.
Prayer is that power that changes things.
Prayer is that simple.
Prayer is that trail.
Prayer is the access or service road that joins the expressway to Wellness.
Prayer is the act of coming home.
Prayer is the answer.
Prayer is the appropriate starting point for our love and concern.
Prayer is the basic tool to get rid of sins.
Prayer is the basis and result of our mission.
Prayer is the basis for a child's discipleship.
Prayer is the basis for any other response or action.
Prayer is the battlefield.
Prayer is the beginning point for re-inventing the church.
Prayer is the benchmark of character with leads to action.
Prayer is the best flower that comes from our heart and it grows to bloom over and over again.
Prayer is the best medicine.
Prayer is the best place to begin.
Prayer is the best spell or charm against impatience.
Prayer is the best way to solve any problem.
Prayer is the breath of a Christian life.
Prayer is the breath of the soul.
Prayer is the breath of the spiritual life.
Prayer is the breathing of the Christian life.
Prayer is the carbohydrates and protein of religious life while community is the dessert.
Prayer is the catalyst that initiates a divine reaction.
Prayer is the central point of all committee activites.
Prayer is the communion of two hearts.
Prayer is the companion to Bible study and devotions.
Prayer is the concentration of our sincerest heart.
Prayer is the condition and the path for our spiritual life.
Prayer is the connection.
Prayer is the contemplation of the facts of life from the highest point of view.
Prayer is the core of a sister's way of life.
Prayer is the corner stone of a vital Christian life.
Prayer is the devotion that hides the entranceway into temptation.
Prayer is the directing of all the attention of which the soul is capable toward god .
Prayer is the doorway to blessing and freedom from bondage.
Prayer is the driving force behind our ministry.
Prayer is the driving force, the strength, the power, the glory of the whole work.
Prayer is the engine of the church's life and ministry.
Prayer is the essence of our lives.
Prayer is the essential ingredient for starting off.
Prayer is the exercise of faith by which men s minds are cleared of indolence.
Prayer is the exercise of faith.
Prayer is the expression of the humble heart.
Prayer is the expression of the soul.
Prayer is the fertiliser that nourishes the soil of love.
Prayer is the first condition so that anything at all can happen.
Prayer is the first ingredient to reaching out successfully as a couple.
Prayer is the first order of the day.
Prayer is the first place to begin.
Prayer is the first place to start.
Prayer is the first step in faith.
Prayer is the first step in the path to holiness required of bishops.
Prayer is the first weapon against witchcraft.
Prayer is the food for our soul.
Prayer is the foundation for sanctity.
Prayer is the foundation from which our service grows.
Prayer is the foundation of a godly government.
Prayer is the foundation of all miracles.
Prayer is the foundation of our life and ministry together.
Prayer is the foundation of our spiritual life.
Prayer is the fountain from which revival springs.
Prayer is the fuel behind our faith.
Prayer is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.
Prayer is the genius and mainspring of life.
Prayer is the glue that holds it all together.
Prayer is the golden key that opens heaven.
Prayer is the greater work.
Prayer is the greatest spiritual asset in the world.
Prayer is the gymnasium of the soul.
Prayer is the hand of faith stretched out to receive.
Prayer is the hardest skill in the world to master.
Prayer is the healing of breaches, a building of bridges, a breaking of barriers.
Prayer is the heart of our soul and it's the heart of our faith and it is the soul of our faith.
Prayer is the heart of the Christian life.
Prayer is the heartbeat of the church.
Prayer is the heartfelt expression of holy dissatisfaction.
Prayer is the heart's sincere desire, uttered or unexpressed.
Prayer is the heart's sincere desire.
Prayer is the highest and noblest exercise of the soul.
Prayer is the issue of a love relationship.
Prayer is the issue of a quiet mind of untroubled thoughts.
Prayer is the key element to the missions field.
Prayer is the key of the day and the lock of the night.
Prayer is the key that opens all doors.
Prayer is the key that unlocks miracles.
Prayer is the key to all.
Prayer is the key to development of all of our assets.
Prayer is the key to each morning and the lock to every evening.
Prayer is the key to effective evangelism.
Prayer is the key to every needed thing.
Prayer is the key to love China.
Prayer is the key to revival.
Prayer is the key to seeing doors for ministry opened in Iraq.
Prayer is the key to strength and unity within our nation.
Prayer is the key to success in any venture.
Prayer is the key to the Christian life.
Prayer is the key to unlock dreams, visions, interpretation, and knowledge.
Prayer is the key tool in support-raising.
Prayer is the key.
Prayer is the language of spirituality and improves the quality of man's being.
Prayer is the language of the journey, the language of communion.
Prayer is the language of the poor in Spirit.
Prayer is the leader's first line of defense against temptation.
Prayer is the life blood of missions.
Prayer is the life of the new heart.
Prayer is the lifeline of the believer.
Prayer is the little child going to the father and spilling it all out.
Prayer is the main thrust because it is the main element for the rest of the elements to work.
Prayer is the mark of a genuine faith and conversion.
Prayer is the meaning of our considerations or contemplations.
Prayer is the means by which a people discern the vision for ministry and is key for leadership.
Prayer is the means of communication with our Savior.
Prayer is the means to accessing that power.
Prayer is the means' to achieve health.
Prayer is the medium of miracles.
Prayer is the midwife of mercy, that helps to bring it forth.
Prayer is the mightiest force in the universe, and our most powerful weapon to win great victories.
Prayer is the monk's first duty.
Prayer is the mortar that holds our house together.
Prayer is the most ancient, most universal, most intense expression of the religious intellect.
Prayer is the most effective way to get involved.
Prayer is the most important ingredient in any human endeavor.
Prayer is the most important part of our Christian life.
Prayer is the most important thing to do, everything else is optional.
Prayer is the most potent antioxidant.
Prayer is the most potent medicine.
Prayer is the most powerful force in the world.
Prayer is the most powerful form of energy in the world.
Prayer is the most powerful part of any medical treatment.
Prayer is the most powerful tool a believer has.
Prayer is the most powerful tool.
Prayer is the most powerful weapon against evil.
Prayer is the most powerful weapon in the believer's arsenal.
Prayer is the motive power behind all human efforts, and behind the whole of the spiritual life.
Prayer is the natural language of the heart.
Prayer is the nerve that moves the muscles of omnipotence.
Prayer is the next best thing to being there.
Prayer is the oil that makes the engine of reconcilliation run.
Prayer is the one language that can be heard and understood by all.
Prayer is the one thing all religious people share.
Prayer is the only key.
Prayer is the only means of bringing orderliness and peace and repose in our daily acts.
Prayer is the only solution.
Prayer is the only sufficient solution to the needs of our times.
Prayer is the only thing that can help.
Prayer is the opposite of leisure.
Prayer is the optic nerve of our spiritual nature.
Prayer is the ordained means of grace by which our needs are being met.
Prayer is the outward expression of a humble heart.
Prayer is the oxygen of the soul.
Prayer is the passport to peace.
Prayer is the peace of our spirit, the stillness of our hearts, thoughts, and recollections.
Prayer is the place where the stakes are ultimate .
Prayer is the posturing place where all true kingdom work is authorized.
Prayer is the power line for the Christian life.
Prayer is the power that gets things done.
Prayer is the preparation for work that demands vision, wisdom, and industry.
Prayer is the primary instrument for conversion, communion, and solidarity.
Prayer is the privilege of a child.
Prayer is the process of shaping and emitting loving elementals.
Prayer is the product of a humble heart, a believing heart, and a heart renewed by grace.
Prayer is the proper response to every event in life.
Prayer is the provider of spiritual strength.
Prayer is the relief of penitents, the relief of the afflicted.
Prayer is the root from which our lives and ministries grow and are nourished.
Prayer is the root of all.
Prayer is the rudder that turns a nation.
Prayer is the salvation of prayer.
Prayer is the same as faith.
Prayer is the science of sciences.
Prayer is the second pillar of faith.
Prayer is the secret of keeping a fixed heart and keeping in the heart a song in the night.
Prayer is the secret to evangelistic outreach.
Prayer is the seed of gentleness and the absence of anger.
Prayer is the simplest act in all religion.
Prayer is the smashing of jars and spilling of nard.
Prayer is the soil in which hope and healing grow best.
Prayer is the soliloquy of a beholding and jubilant soul.
Prayer is the soul seeking life.
Prayer is the souls sincere desire, uttered or unexpressed.
Prayer is the soul's sincere desire, uttered or unexpressed.
Prayer is the soul's sincere desire.
Prayer is the source action in our lives.
Prayer is the spiritual food that strengthens our whole being.
Prayer is the start of accomplishment.
Prayer is the starting place for discernment as well as the atmosphere in which it happens.
Prayer is the starting place for ministries coming together.
Prayer is the starting point and sustaining force of church planting and evangelism.
Prayer is the strength of the church body, and praying people is the exercise program.
Prayer is the strongest weapon among anything else.
Prayer is the surest remedy against the devil and besetting sins.
Prayer is the threshold to the miraculous.
Prayer Is the tongue of faith.
Prayer is the transformation of anxiety into love.
Prayer is the ultimate surrender of the self to the Other.
Prayer is the universal method that is available to all people for spiritual growth.
Prayer is the uplift of the earth bound soul.
Prayer is the utterance of faith.
Prayer is the very acknowledgement of our human existence.
Prayer is the very core of man's life.
Prayer is the vital ingredient in ministry.
Prayer is the voice of religion, the language of faith and aspiration.
Prayer is the water that makes it possible to bring the oak to rich, green life.
Prayer is the way to get directly at the soul of each person.
Prayer is the way to solve problems and to bridge gaps.
Prayer is the way to victory.
Prayer is the whole of a man's life.
Prayer is therefore the main activity of Christian disciples.
Prayer is thought of as a powerful agent in healing.
Prayer is to be a way of life-you're to be continually in an attitude of prayer.
Prayer is to be accompanied by sacrifice and sincerity.
Prayer is to be performed according to prescribed rituals at appointed times each day.
Prayer is to be the mark of the church so that it is known as a house of prayer.
Prayer is to be used only for the living.
Prayer is to enter into that activity.
Prayer is to faith what breath is to life.
Prayer is to faith what breath is to the body.
Prayer is to guide our lives.
Prayer is to spirituality what eating is to hunger.
Prayer is too important and too personal for government to be involved in it.
Prayer is too personal a matter to be put into the hands of any government.
Prayer is too personal, too private, too spiritual.
Prayer is too powerful, too critical to allow monotony to set in.
Prayer is true self-awareness.
Prayer is twofold, public and private.
Prayer is universal.
Prayer is up.
Prayer is used here in two ways.
Prayer is valid.
Prayer is varied and takes different forms at different times.
Prayer is very good Char but strength is needed as well.
Prayer is very important in the commercial and business world.
Prayer is very important to our fellowship.
Prayer is very important, and all members are encouraged to particpate.
Prayer is very important, both for spiritual guidance and for personal satisfaction.
Prayer is very important.
Prayer is very individual and personal.
Prayer is very much a help.
Prayer is very necessary, but so is work.
Prayer is very positive.
Prayer is very pretty and beautiful, and it is something almost everyone can relate to.
Prayer is very simple.
Prayer is very, very difficult.
Prayer is viewed as a means to define what truly matters, to ignore the trivialities.
Prayer is vital at all times, for all occasions.
Prayer is vital for effective evangelism.
Prayer is vital for our churches.
Prayer is vital for our spiritual lives.
Prayer is vital to our work.
Prayer is vital to the Christian life.
Prayer is vital to the process.
Prayer is vital to the success of the fast, and it is usually geared to a specific request.
Prayer is vital.
Prayer is war.
Prayer is warfare.
Prayer is wealth.
Prayer is what gives success to a mission endeavor.
Prayer is what human heart desires.
Prayer is what puts the power in the Christian life.
Prayer is what solidifies the stuff of our foundation.
Prayer is what the human heart desires.
Prayer is what the modern church talks about much and does so little of it.
Prayer is what the nine had failed to use.
Prayer is where our life is centred.
Prayer is with the eyes open in most cases, and meditation is with the eyes closed.
Prayer is wonderful.
Prayer is words that uplift.
Prayer is work.
Prayer is worship
Prayer is worship.
Prayer is worship.
Prayer is, above all, communicating our ideals.
Prayer is, after all, the oil which makes all the above machinery work together.
Prayer is, first and foremost, an attitude.
Prayer is, in essence, spiritual breathing.
Prayer is, in fact, the oxygen of the soul.
Prayer is, indeed, the primary work of our lives.
Prayer is, most simply, being present.
Prayer is, of course, banned from the classroom.
Prayer isa worship.
Prayer lays the foundation for patience and an enlarged understanding.
Prayer leads to action.
Prayer leads to fasting, while fasting purifies prayer, makes it more.
Prayer leads to spiritual transformation.
Prayer lifts our obstacles.
Prayer literally works, and so do wishes, research shows.
Prayer loses it's central place.
Prayer lubricates the machinery of life.
Prayer makes man master in the realm of creative ideas.
Prayer makes things happen.
Prayer makes time seem to pass quickly, and so pleasantly that one fails to notice how long it is.
Prayer means also an expression of the heart.
Prayer means being utterly present for someone else.
Prayer means different things for different people.
Prayer means different things to different people.
Prayer melts away coverings, as prayers are Love vibrations when they are sent out to another.
Prayer moves the hand that moves the world.
Prayer moves the life of the church.
Prayer needs start with the coordinator and pass through each chain until completed.
Prayer needs time.
Prayer needs to be a regular practice.
Prayer needs to be accompanied by sacrifice.
Prayer needs to be closely aligned with some action that follows from it or leads into it.
Prayer needs to be in our heart.
Prayer needs to be made both day and night.
Prayer needs to become as commonplace as our eating, working, playing, or homelife.
Prayer never hurts.
Prayer occurs without constraint.
Prayer offers strength, comfort and serenity.
Prayer only accomplishes half.
Prayer only can stop the man of perdition.
Prayer opens a greater door of witness.
Prayer opens doors.
Prayer opens prison doors and preaching doors.
Prayer operates in much the same way.
Prayer plays a huge role in our direction-seeking, our worship life, and our friendships.
Prayer prepares the sick to accept the healing of the whole person.
Prayer prepares the way for revival.
Prayer preserves temperance.
Prayer prevents emotions of pride and envy.
Prayer produces spiritual muscle.
Prayer promotes decency and honesty.
Prayer provides both spiritual and psychological benefits.
Prayer provides the atmosphere in which believers breathe.
Prayer puts fuel on the fire of faith.
Prayer reawakens and sharpens the focus of our faith.
Prayer reenters history with incalculable effects.
Prayer reflects appreciation.
Prayer reflects grow appreciation.
Prayer releases grace.
Prayer relieves anxiety.
Prayer remains a central focus.
Prayer remains distant.
Prayer replaces active compassion.
Prayer replaces anxiety with joy.
Prayer requires a person to have complete concentration when performing prayer.
Prayer requires an attitude of humility and repentance.
Prayer requires context.
Prayer requires deeper sacrifice and time.
Prayer requires preparation and devotion.
Prayer requires real commitment.
Prayer requires the exclusion of all distractions.
Prayer restores marriages.
Prayer rises in the heart, with the singing of birds and the loveliness of gold and russet leaves.
Prayer saves the unbeliever.
Prayer seems like such a small thing todo-next to nothing at all in fact.
Prayer seems more real.
Prayer seems to be the most common form of Finnish religious activity.
Prayer seems to be the trick.
Prayer seems to be universal, regardless of religion or language or nation.
Prayer sends laborers into the harvest.
Prayer shawls, yarmulkes, and Torah scrolls form an important part of everyday Jewish life.
Prayer signifies a worshipful heart.
Prayer springs from a deep place in the heart.
Prayer stands at the core of a genuine Christian life.
Prayer starts with praise.
Prayer suits all cases, and is never to be neglected.
Prayer suppresses anger.
Prayer takes a back seat to the methods, and the message is often compromised.
Prayer takes care of the variables in battle.
Prayer takes it to the heart.
Prayer takes place both alone and together using scripture.
Prayer takes places.
Prayer takes work, but so do all relationships.
Prayer teaches thankfulness and provides comfort when nothing else seems to help.
Prayer too comes from Latin prex via an only slightly different route.
Prayer triplets three home units who commit to pray daily for each other.
Prayer unites people.
Prayer Use the following prayer guidelines to help work through the identified obstacles.
Prayer weakens prevailing sins.
Prayer weakens, dilutes our defenses.
Prayer works everywhere, no matter what the conditions.
Prayer works great, also.
Prayer works in mysterious ways.
Prayer works miracles.
Prayer works similarly.
Prayer works well.
Prayer works wonders and moves mountains.
Prayer works wonders.
Prayer works, and prayer services do too.
Prayer works, as recent scientific studies have proven.
Prayer yields the insight that makes the ephemeral endurable.
Prayers accompany each principle to move the reader to action and reflection.
Prayers accompany the lighting of the candles.
Prayers actually work.
Prayers also consist of a fair amount of prerequest flattery.
Prayers are a bridge to a powerful sense meaning and purpose in life.
Prayers are a sure refuge in all miseries.
Prayers are a trinity of morning, afternoon, and evening prayers.
Prayers are a very important part of our daily lives.
Prayers are a way of life.
Prayers are adaptable for one or two readers.
Prayers are always confidential.
Prayers are always welcome.
Prayers are definitely in progress here.
Prayers are different.
Prayers are effective through providence.
Prayers are empty and more of a ritual.
Prayers are extremely powerful and are one of the best ways to connect to our spiritual world.
Prayers are fervent and in rapid succession.
Prayers are for a sense of community and hope.
Prayers are for the clown.
Prayers are funny things.
Prayers are in a dozen or so languages.
Prayers are in order.
Prayers are in the air for a sequel.
Prayers are just as important as that of a good surgeon.
Prayers are much appreciated for a complete recovery.
Prayers are ordinary requests.
Prayers are our power even against death's door.
Prayers are powerful and they provide divine solutions to our worldly problems.
Prayers are short and familiar, even chatty.
Prayers are superstitious.
Prayers are the answer.
Prayers are the seals of all exhortations.
Prayers are to be given for all men.
Prayers are to be whispered into the cupped hands.
Prayers are two way conversation with the lord.
Prayers are uttered.
Prayers are welcome too.
Prayers are welcome.
Prayers are wishes, imaginings, and also actions.
Prayers are with all who are battling the blazes.
Prayers are wonderful.
Prayers become effective through the truth getting into people's ears and minds and hearts.
Prayers become more vibrant.
Prayers begin and end each day.
Prayers begin at dawn and conclude at dusk.
Prayers belong in the home, church, and synagogue.
Prayers bounce off the walls in song.
Prayers can be as or even more important to people as fresh cut flowers.
Prayers can be confidential or lifted up during prayers of healing during chapel.
Prayers can be individual and corporate.
Prayers can mean many different things to different people.
Prayers delivered by clergy at official public school graduation ceremonies are unconstitutional.
Prayers do come true.
Prayers do make a difference.
Prayers do take a little bit of time to perform.
Prayers do, too.
Prayers everywhere seek the occurrence of miracles.
Prayers follow, then the singing, which is in itself a feature.
Prayers form important part of their routine, which they take immense pleasure doing so.
Prayers go a long way too.
Prayers go out to all of the victim families of the recent terrorist actions.
Prayers go to the family, friends and co-workers.
Prayers have meaning.
Prayers have no place in public school, just like facts have no place in modern religion.
Prayers help so much.
Prayers here are stong and fervent for the Kingdom of God to come into our lives.
Prayers hover like smoke.
Prayers is an interactive list.
Prayers is the only salvation for human soul.
Prayers naturally have their place in ecumenical activities.
Prayers play an important part in the proceedings.
Prayers please as they are doing an autopsy to find out what the cause was.
Prayers prevail for promises, and promises direct and encourage prayers.
Prayers regarding the weather are a standard part of every worship service.
Prayers regarding the weather are standard practice.
Prayers requesting marriage blessings are highlights, as well.
Prayers require differing amounts of piety to use.
Prayers seem to be shallow and meaningless.
Prayers spare a couple from a near bombing while ministering at a local church .
Prayers spoken aloud are a serious vice.
Prayers suggest hymns.
Prayers take place five times per day, seven days a week.
Prayers work in a mysterious way.
Prayers work wonders.
Prayer always helps, even with the best of systems.
Prayer always precedes strength and victory in the midst of tribulation.
Prayer always works.
Prayers always help in a situation in some way.
Prayers always help.
Prayer often becomes cold and formal.
Prayer often seems like a difficult and mysterious business to many people.
Prayers sometimes intervene.
All prayer is answered.
All prayer is confidential.
All prayer is oriented eastward, toward Jerusalem.
All prayer is private.
All prayer is rooted in a personal experience with the Scripture text.
All prayer is to be offered in the language of the people.
All prayer is worthwhile.
All prayers are answered, it s just that some are answered no.
All prayers are good.
All prayers are in Hebrew with English translation and transliteration.
All prayers are in italics .
All prayers are prayers for guidance and strength.
All prayers are strictly confidential.
All prayers are welcome, y'all.
Every prayer begins with silent wonder before it turns to words.
Every prayer deserves an answer.
Every prayer has good effect no matter how late it seems to have been by the time it was offered.
Every prayer has the potential to serve as such an experience.
Every prayer is needed and appreciated.
Every prayer makes an impact in the higher spiritual realms.
More prayer generates more action.
Most prayer focuses on events.
Most prayer reflects appreciation.
Most prayer reflects grow appreciation.
Most prayer takes places.
Most prayers commence with the lighting of a candle.
Much prayer is needed to break the Islamic stronghold that is over their lives.
Much prayer is needed.
Much prayer is required to see a breakthrough.
Much prayer is supplication.
Some prayer depends on tradition.
Some prayer helps habits.
Some prayer is answered immediately.
Some prayer opens doors.
Some prayers are intellectual.
Some prayers are poems, and some are even songs.
Some prayers are rather plain.
Some prayers are very boring.
Some prayers are yet to be heard.
Some prayers ask for forgiveness.
Some prayers can take years to be answered.
Some prayers listed are from other spiritual traditions.
Some prayers make no sense.
Some prayers move by radio.
Some prayers take a while.
A prayerbook is a book
All prayerbooks are bilingual.
Prayerful consideration precedes the appointing of any person to a teaching position.
Prayerful diligence is crucial in the battle for Christian perfection.
Prayerful planning is essential for growth.
Prayerful silence is requested in the church.
Prazosin is an antihypertensive drug
Prazosin is drugs.
Prazosin passes into breast milk in small amounts.
Prazosin produces decrease in preload and afterload by alpha receptor blockade.
Pre bend is measured holding the main halyard directly to the gooseneck.
Pre booking is advised as off street parking is limited.
Pre- booking is essential.
Pre booking is recommended particularly during the holiday seasons.
Pre booking is required.
Pre cleaners remove dust particles before they reach the air filter.
Pre dinner drinks.
Pre eclampsia can affect the development when the placenta gets severely scarred.
Pre eclampsia is categorized as either mild or severe.
Pre employment is the most common form of testing, as it is the easiest form to introduce.
Pre enrollment is required.
Pre entry is required to guarantee a seat on the buses.
Pre feathers is an easy way to describing feathers without functionality.
All pre labs are due upon arrival in lab.
Pre law is a designation given to students seriously considering law school.
Pre millenarianism is a defense mechanism of the disinherited.
Pre model can easily consume several hundred megabytes of swap space.
Pre- payment is customary in mail order retail businesses and at home sales parties.
Pre planning can never go wasted.
Pre- programming is completed.
Pre reading is developed in Kindergarten.
Pre registration brings an extra benefit for both the riders, and the event.
Pre registration is appreciated to secure a spot.
Pre registration is appreciated.
Pre registration is available.
Pre- registration is encouraged and is required for children.
Pre registration is encouraged.
Pre- registration is encouraged.
Pre- registration is essential.
Pre registration is highly recommended.
Pre- registration is necessary.
Pre registration is open for either class.
Pre Registration is over, cya at the shoot.
Pre registration is preferred to help in team assignments and staffing.
Pre- registration is preferred to reserve campsites.
Pre registration is preferred.
Pre registration is recommended as seating is limited.
Pre registration is recommended.
Pre- registration is recommended.
Pre registration is required .
Pre- registration is required as seating is limited.
Pre registration is required due to limited space available.
Pre registration is required due to space limitations.
Pre- registration is required for a child to attend.
Pre registration is required for all groups.
Pre registration is required for all workshops .
Pre registration is required for most classes.
Pre registration is required for the lectures and the benefit dinner and silent auction.
Pre registration is required.
Pre Registration is required.
Pre- registration is required.
Pre Registration is strongly encouraged due to space limitations.
Pre registration is suggested.
Pre- registration is suggested.
Pre school is a bit young to play.
Pre signals have intermittent lights while main signals have constant lights.
Pre spawn is the time when fish are moving into the shallows after their winter haunts.
Pre teens learn that their money supply is limited.
Pre testing is imperative.
Pre treatment is recommended for gluing.
Pre workout is an optimum time to stack.
Preacher boys are the product of soulwinning and discipleship.
A preacher is a clergyman
Preacher catches a lotta fish, or none.
Preacher curl bench and a curl bar or dumbbell.
Preacher impregnates young church member.
Preacher is hot.
Preacher sounds pretty important.
Preachers also are sometimes like a wind-storm or a fire.
Preachers are among the worst abusers.
Preachers are available individually or in pairs.
Preachers are but humble servants.
Preachers are by nature intolerant, impatient, and arrogant.
Preachers are clergymans.
Preachers are compelled to bring their best to the task.
Preachers are different.
Preachers are fond of erecting structure where there is none.
Preachers are ministers of religion.
Preachers are often afraid to champion freedom because they're fearful of giving up the store.
Preachers are particularly prone to pride.
Preachers are people.
Preachers are presumably more experienced in their message than are their listeners.
Preachers are probably at their best when they are most open to critique.
Preachers are to cry aloud in clarion notes the good news of salvation.
Preachers are to labor in the word, preaching, teaching, exhorting.
Preachers are to recruit and train other preachers as part of their ministry.
Preachers are usually the guilty ones with respect to the latter.
Preachers are vulnerable.
Preachers arouse fear.
Preachers arrogantly deny the obvious complexity.
Preachers can cer tainly be guilty of gossiping about one another.
Preachers can talk but never teach unless they practice what they preach.
Preachers can traffic too much in the realm of personal musings.
Preachers carry a heavy burden in a sin-sick world.
Preachers come and go, but the members stay put.
Preachers come in all kinds to say the least.
Preachers deal with the eternal power of the cross.
Preachers do exactly the same thing.
Preachers do preach their own feelings on matters.
Preachers engage parts of the person that mere media can never reach.
Preachers gain a knowledge of the Bible in the same way as anyone else, through study.
Preachers give up their ministry Economic reform attracts foreign investment.
Preachers have a general idea how attentive the listeners are.
Preachers have a hard job.
Preachers have a lot to answer for.
Preachers have a weighty responsibility.
Preachers have assumptions.
Preachers have more specialized preparation today than ever before.
Preachers have no authority in themselves by virtue of ordination.
Preachers have no monopoly on understanding the Bible.
Preachers have tax problems.
Preachers help people to understand the gospel.
Preachers here have the task of presenting religion freely, fearlessly, and faithfully.
Preachers keep defining Greek verbs while people cry desperately for insights to real-life needs.
Preachers keep the devil alive.
Preachers learn how to draw a crowd and how to organize an evangelical campaign.
Preachers looking for children's sermons can find good material here.
Preachers love to tell stories to illustrate their points.
Preachers make their living by speaking.
Preachers move a lot.
Preachers move, serving members die, and leadership changes.
Preachers ought to pay attention.
Preachers ought to preach the word.
Preachers ought to trade in truth.
Preachers pray for rain, knowing full well that no such prayer was ever answered.
Preachers preach and teach with little or no study.
Preachers preach short messages and conviction sweeps the audience with shuddering groans.
Preachers preach the importance of being strong and thinking positive.
Preachers pretend to be god.
Preachers say it's filling up the pews.
Preachers see it in the eyes of their audiences more times than they want to admit.
Preachers take a lot of heat.
Preachers tend to have pet doctrines.
Preachers trade in words and words are often disrespected.
Preachers travel from church to church with unscripted sermons.
Preachers try to draw a crowd by announcing the most extraordinary and silly sermon topics.
Preachers use it to awaken people in their churches as to how bad things are.
Preachers visit church members in their homes at least twice a month.
Preachers work long and hard to see their world transformed and renewed through faith.
Preachers often provide private counseling to individuals.
Preachers often start off softly and build to crescendos.
Preachers often worry about the ability to recall or remember concepts while preaching.
Any preacher can identify with the parable of the sower.
Any preacher is welcome to contribute to the site, regardless of church affiliation.
Every preacher has a wedding story or two.
Every preacher is different.
Every preacher knows how to embarrass church members.
Every preacher knows how tough it is to say unpleasant things to beloved people.
Many preachers are as loose as sand.
Many preachers become so busy with the ministry, that they tend to neglect prayer.
Many preachers depend on wisdom of words to give their preaching power.
Many preachers like to start their sermon with an illustration or joke.
Many preachers make the grave error of treating the passage literally.
Many preachers misjudge the people in their congregations.
Many preachers prepare their sermons in advance on a word processor.
Many preachers spend the bulk of their preparation time working on the main body of their sermons.
Many preachers tend to have subjects of particular interest that they read and study in depth.
Many preachers work hard on their sermons, but forget their listeners.
Most preachers experience many losses that are never acknowledged.
Most preachers get very little feedback from the assembly.
Most preachers preach a message of salvation from the holy book, which is the word.
Some preachers also give up their ministry for commercial jobs.
Some preachers are guilty of following the concept that the out front workers are more important.
Some preachers are just fine.
Some preachers are prone to think and talk about seniority.
Some preachers are the world's worst listeners.
Some preachers claim that the End is near.
Some preachers declare there are many reason for breaking the marriage bond.
Some preachers depend on theatrical methods to entertain their audience.
Some preachers do that.
Some preachers jealously guard their control.
Some preachers love to alliterate their sermons.
Some preachers make no distinctions and dismiss all material, worldly and financial things as evil.
Some preachers pressurise their followers to give large sums of money.
Some preachers see a demon under every rock.
Some preachers seem to get a kick out of preaching about sin.
Some preachers smite the rock again and again.
Most preaching today is patently man-centered.
Prealternate molt equals prebreeding molt.
A preamble is an introduction
Preamble States the reasons for writing the U.S. constitution.
Preambles are an accepted introduction to a nation's constitution.
Preambles are introductions.
Preambles are introductions.
Preambles are part of documents.
Preambles provide the basis and purpose for each rule or proposal.
Preanal pores allows the males to excrete a waxy substance.
Preapproved loans are available for easy shopping without financing hassles.
Preapproved loans are available.
Preapproved merchant accounts.
Prearranged escorts are available.
Prearranged funerals are able to ease the burden of planning funerals for the living.
Prearranged tours are available at other times.
Prearranged trips are possible through certain people, in non-hunting seasons.
Prearranged visitors welcome free for first month.
Preassembled apparatus is designed in a manner that is safe and easy to use.
Preassembled kit requires sanding, finishing, installation of tuning pins, and stringing.
Preassembled kits are available from the publisher.
Preattached corset insures easy application.
Preauthorized debits offers many cash flow advantages.
Preauthorized transfers are limited to no more than three each quarter.
Preaxial forms are less common than postaxial forms.
Prebagged bulbs can be a bargain.
Prebiotic inulin is a nondigestible oligosaccharide that passes through the small intestine.
Precalculated lights can get some amazing effects but are harder to implement.
Most Precambrian fossils are of single-celled organisms of bacteria, algae and similar life forms.
Precambrian rock can be complexly deformed.
Precambrian rock outcrop west of Marquette, Michigan near Lake Superior.
Precambrian rocks are the first bedrock encountered in most of central Minnesota.
Precambrian rocks are undivided and consist of sedimentary, metamorphic, and igneous types.
Precambrian rocks outcrop extensively in shield areas such as northern Canada and the Baltic Sea.
Precanceled stamps represent one kind of overprinting.
Precancerous lesions can form on the cervix within two years of infection.
Some precancerous lesions are even smaller, when seen by mammograms.
Precapillary sphincters close capillary beds.
Precarious existence is no hindrance to success.
Most precarolingian scripts get rather brief mentions.
Precast concrete is a lower end product.
Precast concrete is cast and hardened before being used for construction.
Precast concrete is concrete that is formed into structural members at a factory.
Precast concrete is produced in a factory.
Precast concrete is used for architectural accents.
Precast concrete is used only for beams, columns, and walls in industrial buildings.
Precataractous changes affect lens transparency in the selenite cataract.
Precaution calls for zero risk, which is impossible to achieve.
Precaution dictates a comprehensive approach to risks across sources and media.
Precaution is a part of our food safety process.
Precaution is a step
Precaution is advised to prevent self inflicted needle wounds.
Precaution is always advisable but putting the breaks on science makes no sense at all.
Precaution is an essential element of risk analysis.
Precaution is better than destruction.
Precaution is caution.
Precaution is especially important where clayey soils are involved.
Precaution is measures.
Precaution is recommended for religious and sports topics.
Precaution is seen as a temporary measure pending further scientific information.
Precaution is simply a matter of minimizing risks.
Precaution is taken to keep any chemicals from leaving the field by leaching, runoff or drift.
Precaution is the best way to avoid a painful and serious demise.
Precaution is the only chance for all countries and populations to prevent harm.
Precaution is the watchword worldwide.
Precaution isa step.
Precaution needs to be taken to avoid petty crimes such as purse snatching, wallet taking, etc.
Precaution thus becomes responsive rather than proactive.
Precautions also apply to social situations.
Precautions apply for children as well as adults.
Precautions are absolutely necessary.
Precautions are especially important if cough inducing procedures are performed in the home.
Precautions are essential for safety in using the materials commonly found at home and in school.
Precautions are essential when storing any kind of product if there are children in the house.
Precautions are necessary during cleaning because the virus is airbourne.
Precautions are necessary to avert unpleasant or untoward events.
Precautions are necessary with all antifreeze products on the market.
Precautions are necessary.
Precautions are needed to prevent HCl from entering sewers and drains.
Precautions are the same as for any country in the world.
Precautions are therefore necessary.
Precautions are to be taken in renal failure.
Precautions are use of a dust hood, respirator, wet techniques, and goggles.
Precautions Avoid close contact with anyone who has chickenpox or measles .
Precautions Avoid if possible in women of child-bearing age.
Precautions Avoid immobilization in hot weather.
Precautions Avoid outdoor activities from dusk until dawn, when many mosquitoes are biting.
Precautions Avoid threatening gestures or movements when dealing with a cornered primate.
Precautions Avoid wild animals.
Precautions Be especially careful with Digoxin.
Precautions Be sure to read and follow label instructions before using any chemical.
Precautions can be as simple as fastening a seatbelt.
Precautions can lower the risk of anaphylaxis and minimize the severity of reactions.
Precautions can minimise the exposure.
Precautions Closely observe patients with cardiac, liver, kidney or hypertensive disorders.
Precautions Depends upon agent used.
Precautions Drink plenty of fluids.
Precautions Eat frequent, small meals.
Precautions Ensure that any crates used are escape proof.
Precautions ensure that spool files are archived using the correct report definition.
Precautions Ensure that there is no opportunity for personnel to be attacked.
Precautions Ensure that there is sufficient protection in the event of cold, windy weather.
Precautions Ensure that trap doors are fitted with good, protected safety catches.
Precautions exist concerning dosage and prolonged use of herbs.
Precautions Find out if timbers used have known ill health effects.
Precautions Follow all product label directions carefully.
Precautions Handle captive wild dogs with caution, especially when several are housed together.
Precautions Have all equipment, ropes, and personnel ready before attempting to dart a giraffe.
Precautions help towards that end, and sensible advice at times too.
Precautions Look both ways before crossing the street on the way to class.
Precautions Never mix individuals of different family groups in small enclosures.
Precautions Read and follow label instructions and warnings.
Precautions Read the label on the drench pack.
Precautions Seeing a physician regularly while using smoking cessation drugs is important.
Precautions Seeing the physician regularly while taking buspirone is important.
Precautions Select a large vein away from joints or tendons, if possible, e.g., in forearm.
Precautions Take great care if the track is in dry, dusty ground or sand.
Precautions There are no known side effects.
Precautions There is always the chance of hypoglycemia, especially for the insulin dependent.
Precautions Use extra care to reduce overheating during hot weather or exercise.
Precautions Use in pregnancy.
Precautions Use pesticides only according to the label directions.
Precautions Use with caution in patients with impaired renal or hepatic function.
Precautions Use with caution in patients with severe renal impairment.
Precautions Using antiasthmatic drugs properly is important.
Precautions Wear gloves and use all safety precautions when handling PAGEr Gold precast gels.
Precautions When handling any chemicals, always wear gloves.
Precaution always has to be taken . . .
Precautions Always ensure adequate immobilization before handling.
Precautions Always look for hidden energy sources.
Precautions Always read the label before using any drench.
Precautions Always read the label instructions on the bag.
All precautions being utterly ignored, the district is foul beyond description.
All precautions used with a conventional flow pack liner apply.
Every precaution is important to ensure that what has happened in Europe won t happen here.
Every precaution is taken for the health and welfare of all students, guests and employees.
Every precaution is taken in scene involving horses.
Every precaution is taken to avoid accidents and prevent illnesses.
Every precaution is taken to avoid causing the young patient any pain.
Every precaution is taken to ensure a healthy student population.
Every precaution is taken to ensure a safe transfer from the vessel to the tank.
Every precaution is taken to ensure no adverse impact to the client's systems and networks occurs.
Every precaution is taken to ensure that data is safeguarded as best as possible.
Every precaution is taken to ensure the highest level of quality and purity.
Every precaution is taken to ensure the safety of all shoppers.
Every precaution is taken to from the first full-set to safegaurd the health of the natural nail.
Every precaution is taken to identify the interests of the people and of the rulers.
Every precaution is taken to insure a healthy stay.
Every precaution is taken to maintain security and confidentiality.
Every precaution is taken to minimize noise.
Every precaution is taken to prevent any possible risk of fraud or security breach.
Every precaution is taken to prevent contamination.
Every precaution is taken to prevent it.
Every precaution is taken to prevent students from accessing inappropriate sites.
Every precaution is taken to protect the valuable fisheries resource.
Every precaution is to be taken to prevent loss of the key.
Every precaution is to be taken with regard to the risk of fire.
Many precautions described are applicable to dental practices as well as medical patient care areas.
Many precautions have to be taken during the physical removal of the tank.
Most precautions prove to be unnecessary.
Some precaution provides protection.
Some precautions are in order.
Some precautions are more important if living overseas, especially off-base.
Some precautions are necessary however.
Some precautions are necessary when treating an injury with ice.
Some precautions are obvious.
Some precautions can help prevent injury.
Some precautions rest on individuals, farsightedness, good planning or strength in persons involved.
Precautionary action can help to prevent such damage before it occurs.
Precautionary action is imperative.
Precautionary action is needed sooner rather than later.
Precautionary action is required to protect farm children.
Precautionary approaches are popular with the electorate.
Precautionary data is included on each oils page.
Precautionary disconnects form the Internet.
Precautionary measures are the key.
Precautionary measures ensure a safe, enjoyable trip.
Precautionary Statements Keep out of reach of children.
Precedence expresses the fact that some operators are applied before others.
Precedence governs which operations are performed before other operations, when there is a choice.
Precedence is high status
Precedences decrease from top to bottom.
Precedences have the same range as unsigned int, and are implementation dependent.
A precedent is an example
Precedent bears that out.
Precedent has a very important role in the common law.
Precedent is created through appeals.
Precedent is critical in the evolution of halachah in the Conservative movement.
Precedent is powerful, and government inconstant.
Precedent is very important, psychologically and legally.
Precedent means nothing.
Precedent setting decisions and current case documents are available.
Precedent suggests that the passions from one contentious trade vote tend to spill over to the next.
Precedents are a good way of convincing people that there's a problem.
Precedents are all over the map.
Precedents are already underway in the persistent looting of shops belonging to foreigners.
Precedents are clear.
Precedents are examples.
Precedents are important.
Precedents are powerful.
Precedents are scary.
Precedents are subjects.
Precedents are the building blocks of world government.
Precedents are useful guides in arbitration and in a court of law.
Precedents can breed expectations.
Precedents create a difficult issue.
Precedents Enter search terms in the space below.
Precedents exist under international law for cancelling odious debts contracted by despotic regimes.
Precedents exist, and various proposals have been presented.
Precedents exist, in which there is a gender-specific program within a larger coeducational program.
Precedents go back to the nineteenth century.
Precedents have no binding force.
Precedents take on a different importance in a technologically advanced law office.
Precedents vary depending on the locale.
Some precedents are precedents.
Some precedents exist.
Precept is a doctrine
Precepts apply to many avenues of business competition, life and warfare.
Precepts are a manifestation of a mindful life.
Precepts are guidelines for our conduct in everyday life.
Precepts are right.
Precepts are the rules Buddhist laymen, monks, and nuns follow.
Precepts are the rules of life.
Precepts come before action.
Precepts result from theorems, assumptions, and social goals.
A preceptor is a teacher
Preceptor assesses the student s level of competency.
Preceptor Enter the preceptor's last name.
Preceptor gives short talk.
Preceptor queries patients and families as to their perceptions of pain management.
Preceptors also accept students from other medical teaching institutions.
Preceptors also award points for skills performed by the student.
Preceptors are aware of the absence policy for the clerkship.
Preceptors are eligible to have a card.
Preceptors are essential and valued participants in the educational process.
Preceptors are familiar with the nursing courses and goals for the student experiences.
Preceptors are nurses selected by the clinical agency for their knowledge and skill in nursing.
Preceptors are one of the first places a student can go for help.
Preceptors are physicians in practice in rural sites or urban clinics serving the underserved.
Preceptors are responsible for the evaluation of clinical performance of the student.
Preceptors are students who help teams achieve their goals.
Preceptors are teachers.
Preceptors are the society's leaders and scholars.
Preceptors are unique people.
Preceptors are volunteer faculty and receive clinical appointments.
Preceptors assist as part of a teaching team with the professor and graduate teaching assistant.
Preceptors earn additional academic credit for their training and assistance in the class.
Preceptors enjoy having an association with an academic setting.
Preceptors evaluate intern performance in all clinical experiences.
Preceptors have authority to admit Squires.
Preceptors notice things like that.
Preceptors provide full scope nurse midwifery.
Preceptors provide verbal feedback and formal written evaluations on a quarterly basis.
Preceptors serve a vital role in the teaching of our students.
Preceptors serve as competent and enthusiastic role models.
Preceptors serve as mentors who help develop and guide students' research projects.
Preceptors validate the clinical experiences.
Preceptors verify the completed log with their signature.
Preceptors always show great affection for their disciples.
Preceptors often express concern about patient comfort when considering bedside teaching.
Preceptors often see having a problem during a rotation as a personal defeat or failure.
All preceptors have well-equipped laboratories currently supported by externalfunding.
Many preceptors find evaluation an unpleasant component of their community-based teaching.
Many preceptors go on to hire PAs for their practice.
Most preceptors are graduate students.
Some preceptors have advanced training and many years of experience in tropical diseases.
Some preceptors prefer to learn from printed materials.
A preceptorship is a position
Preceptorship is conducted under the supervision of a family practice physician.
Preceptorship is facilitated throughout the clinical areas.
Preceptorships allow interns to concentrate on areas of personal interest.
Preceptorships are available in both urban and rural areas of Colorado.
Preceptorships are available only in settings outside the Salt Lake Valley.
Preceptorships are positions.
Preceptorships give residents first-hand experience in both urban and rural settings.
Preceptorships occur in a variety of clinical settings throughout California.
Preceptorships provide the clinical experience for three practicums during the course of study.
All preceptorships require prior approval from the site .
Some preceptorships are available on a part-time basis.
Precession also enhances the idea of a dynamic and organic living presence in our shifting universe.
Precession begins to occur immediately.
Precession causes electron transfer which is the basis of all chemical reactions in the body.
Precession causes the axis to drift slowly.
Precession changes the pole star as seen from Earth.
Precession has a profound effect on the earth's climate.
Precession is a change in the orientation of the rotational axis of a rotating body.
Precession is a. the accuracy with which numbers are given in astronomy.
Precession is actions.
Precession is activities.
Precession is an activity
Precession is caused by the constant pull of the sun and moon on the bulge of the Earth s equator.
Precession is motion like that experienced by a top as it spins.
Precession is motion.
Precession is rotation about another axis.
Precession is spinnings.
Precession is the change in azimuth of Earth's tilt axis relative to the ecliptic plane.
Precession is the clockwise wobbling of Earth's axis of rotation.
Precession is the Earth's slow wobble as it spins on axis.
Precession is the effect of bodies in motion on other bodies in motion.
Precession is the effect of bodies in motion upon other bodies in motion.
Precession is the wobble of the Earth 's axis .
Precession is the wobble of the Earth's axis.
Precession is treated as a special coordinate conversion.
Precession is turning.
Precession Wait a minute.
Prechilled seeds germinate best.
Precinct boarders are subject to a variety of factors.
Precinct boundaries are dynamic.
Precinct caucuses are neighborhood-level meetings open to all party members.
Precinct inspectors are people who are paid to assist voters at the polls on election day.
Precinct inspectors are the workers who manage the polls on election day.
Precinct officers have a different theory.
Precinct officials are the most critical link in elections, and they're also the weakest link.
Precinct tabulators are like safety nets that catch voters' mistakes before it's too late.
Precinct tours are available upon request.
Precinct winners advance to regionals.
Precinct workers organize within voting precincts.
A precinct is a city district
Precinct isa district.
Precinct isa territory.
Precincts act as voting districts, and cover an area of several blocks.
Precincts are frozen and examination of reapportionment begins.
Precincts are statistical areas in a vote by mail system.
All precincts are open.
Many precincts are subject to human error, and the confusion mounts.
Many precincts keep a list of voters who have voted in previous elections.
Many precincts use money confiscated from drug arrests to purchase a dog.
Most precincts get to elect one or more delegates and alternates to the state.
Some precincts have relatively sophisticated electronic machines while others use hand ballots.
Some precincts remain unorganized.
Precious alloys tend to be too expensive for most owners and porcelain crowns too fragile.
Some precious blood has power.
Precious Car Go.
A precious coral is a stone
Precious coral is a species valued for jewelry.
Precious coral is red and branching, found in the Mediterranean.
Precious daughters leave homes.
Most precious daughters leave homes.
Precious details are free of defects like smearing and noise.
Precious diamonds are only symbols for priceless relationships.
Precious doctrines are strung, like jewels, upon slender threads.
Precious earth is called dirt and has to be washed off.
Precious few sites contain water.
Precious floor passes turn into fans.
Precious gems are the exception.
Most precious gems are actually colorless.
Precious heart is full and aching.
Precious herbs have functions.
Most precious herbs have functions.
Precious Keepsakes Create unique keepsake gifts for any occasion.
Precious leaf is gold or silver, and can be expensive.
Precious lives depend on it.
Many precious lives depend on it.
Precious memories can crumble and fade unless they are suitably stored.
Precious memories come to mind when names are remembered.
Precious memories deserve to be preserved in crystal.
Precious memories have to be strived for.
Precious metal is a valuable
Precious metal is investment vehicles.
Precious metal is metal.
Precious metal is shaped, soldered, and polished to form the desired piece.
Precious metal is, in and of itself, naturally valuable.
Precious metals appear in the names of three stories.
Precious metals are a barometer of world financial health.
Precious metals are mixed together to form several layers within the bowl itself.
Precious metals are mixed.
Precious metals are significantly enriched relative to Middle Valley massive sulfide.
Precious metals are the best heat conductors when located in the earth.
Precious metals have a quality and elegance all their own.
Precious metals have approximately the same exchange rate that they had when used as money.
Precious metals provide a hedge against inflation.
Precious metals rely on the soundness and survival of no issuing authority for their value.
Precious metals represent an excellent portfolio diversifier and hedge against uncertainty.
Some precious metals are gold , silver , and platinum .
Some precious metals are gold, silver, and platinum.
Precious moments prints with assorted sayings.
Every precious moment is captured beautifully.
Precious mothers are all precious mothers educated or uneducated.
Precious oils are natural volatile plant essences.
Precious opal is the only stone of value on the property.
Precious packages come in small bundles.
Precious people fall off cliffs.
Some precious resources require attention.
Precious seconds count.
A precious stone is jewellery
Precious stones are a real bargain here.
Precious stones are an even better wage.
Precious stones are gems.
Many precious stones are translucent.
Many precious stones owe their color to the presence of chromium compounds.
Some precious stones are dull and unassuming when located in their natural environment.
Precious things lead one astray.
Precious time is expended in poor communities to gather firewood.
Precious time is lost.
Precious time is saved.
Precious time is wasted mowing around things.
Precious time is wasted on things of little or no value.
Precious time is wasted scouting available court space while the sun fades and frustrations flare.
Precious time passes.
Precious time recording a presentation is saved.
Precious times are now.
Precious treasure remains in a wise person's dwelling, but a foolish person uses it up.
Precious varietys have a rainbow colorplay.
Precious verification is found in the writings of Nostradamus, the sixteenth-century French prophet.
Precious water goes into the ground where it is stored for use by plants.
Precious water spills onto the ground while everyone sits around and does nothing.
Precious words are slowly and mysteriously vanishing from the inhabitants' vocabularies.
Precipatable water is shown as pseudo-color.
Precipitable water is a measure of how much moisture is in the atmosphere.
Precipitable water is an indication of the amount of water that is available to produce rain.
Precipitable water is retrieved using an algorithm that performs best in the tropics.
Precipitable water is shown as pseudo-color.
Precipitate is a solid
Precipitates appear as elongated or blocky structures within the microstructure.
Precipitates cause patchy stains on the leather.
Precipitates forming is chemical.
Some precipitates tend to clog the pores of a fritted filter.
Precipitated water begins to infiltrate, that is, to pass through to the interior of the ground.
Precipitation hardening offers distinct advantages.
Precipitation rate is the actual measurement of precipitation at the surface.
Precipitation reactions are also widely used in industry.
Precipitation reactions are dependent on the presence of multivalent antibodies and antigens.
Precipitation reactions are one type of double-replacement reaction.
Precipitation reactions are useful in quantitative analysis.
Precipitation reactions occur widely in nature.
All precipitation reactions are double displacement reactions .
All precipitation types can occur in a nor'easter.
Precipitation accompanies storms.
Precipitation affects air system performance and reduces the effectiveness of radars.
Precipitation amounts area average through much above average in Wyoming.
Precipitation amounts for the three-day period averaged around one half inch, water equivalent.
Precipitation amounts in Arizona are below average through average.
Precipitation amounts in Colorado are average through above average.
Precipitation amounts in Idaho are below through much below average.
Precipitation becomes surface water.
Precipitation becomes vapor.
Precipitation becomes water.
Precipitation begins when the air cools and the water in the air condenses.
Precipitation causes excessive moisture.
Precipitation causes moisture.
Precipitation changes over the northern hemispheric extratropics during the last hundred years.
Precipitation changes the fluxes of heat and water vapor from the ground.
Precipitation consists of ice particles.
Precipitation consists of opaque ice particles.
Precipitation consists of opaque particles.
Precipitation consists of particles.
Precipitation consists of water.
Precipitation contributes another third.
Precipitation contributes water to the streams in the basin.
Precipitation creates runoff.
Precipitation decreases as cool dry air from China becomes dominant over Japan.
Precipitation decreases from east to west.
Precipitation decreases from south to north.
Precipitation decreases westward until west coast a.
Precipitation decreases with latitude as one approach the dry belt of the two hemisphere.
Precipitation diminishes rapidly from the coast inland.
Precipitation drives deer survival.
Precipitation equals potential evapotranspiration in central Kansas.
Precipitation evaporating into the air can saturate the atmosphere.
Precipitation exceeds evaporation.
Precipitation falls as rain.
Precipitation falls from clouds.
Precipitation falls on basins.
Precipitation falls to earth.
Precipitation follows patterns dictated by ocean currents and Earth's rotation.
Precipitation has (part) diamond dust.
Precipitation has (part) frost mist.
Precipitation has (part) frost snow.
Precipitation has (part) ice crystal.
Precipitation has (part) ice needles.
Precipitation has (part) snow mist.
Precipitation has productivity.
Precipitation includes water.
Precipitation increases from southwest to northeast across the state.
Precipitation increases the node's thickness, and a simple melt factor is used to melt off the snow.
Precipitation increases the rate of regeneration.
Precipitation is acceleration.
Precipitation is an amount
Precipitation is chemical processes.
Precipitation is drops.
Precipitation is produced by storms.
Precipitation is weather.
Precipitation isa weather.
Precipitation looks like a simple variable, but it is really complex.
Precipitation lowers the ocean's salinity by adding fresh water.
Precipitation occurs during grow seasons.
Precipitation occurs during seasons.
Precipitation occurs during warm seasons.
Precipitation occurs in clouds when rapid condensation takes place.
Precipitation occurs in rain.
Precipitation occurs in rainfall.
Precipitation occurs in several forms, including rain, snow, and hail.
Precipitation occurs in summer.
Precipitation occurs in time.
Precipitation occurs mainly during the winter and spring months.
Precipitation occurs mainly in the form of continuous or intermittent rain, snow, or drizzle.
Precipitation occurs when water vapour cools.
Precipitation occurs with heparin.
Precipitation passes through adjacent zones.
Precipitation passes through layers.
Precipitation passes through zones.
Precipitation percolates rapidly into the sandy soils.
Precipitation produces runoff.
Precipitation ranges from dry in the west to pleasantly moist in the east.
Precipitation reaches earth.
Precipitation reaches soil surfaces.
Precipitation reaches surfaces.
Precipitation refers to a. rain, sleet, snow and hail b.
Precipitation removes salt, guanidine and endotoxin from DNA in solution.
Precipitation results from a pyrotechnic cumulus seeding experiment.
Precipitation results in accumulation.
Precipitation results in measurable accumulation.
Precipitation separates heavy metals from the water they contaminate.
Precipitation starts in the cloud as snow.
Precipitation tends to be more acidic when a storm originates from a south-westerly direction.
Precipitation tends to be slightly greater in the higher terrain.
Precipitation tends to be spread throughout the year, with heavy snow buildup during winter.
Precipitation use efficiency of soybean and grain sorghum in monoculture and rotation systems.
Precipitation varies accordingly.
Precipitation varies by both season and geographic area.
Precipitation varies greatly within the Antarctic Peninsula.
Precipitation varies regionally even more than temperature.
Precipitation varies widely across the ecoregion.
Precipitation varies widely throughout the county.
Precipitation varies widely.
Precipitation washes aerosols out of the air.
Precipitation washes organic acids and other soluble feed components from the forage.
Precipitations also tend to increase, which i.a. can lead to a slight local cooling.
Precipitations are abundant in autumn and winter, providing good snow for the ski resorts.
Precipitations can concentrate the specimen, but also enrich contaminants.
Precipitations fall mainly in spring and autumn.
All precipitation begins as ice crystals in the upper levels of the atmosphere.
All precipitation falls out of a cloud as snow.
All precipitation starts as ice or snow crystals at cloud level.
All precipitation starts out as ice or snow crystals at cloud-level.
Any precipitation falls the long distance through the clouds towards the Earth's surface.
Any precipitation is snow, that's for sure.
More precipitation falls as rain than snow.
More precipitation falls in winter, when the storm track is most active, than in summer.
More precipitation is needed to avoid yield reductions.
Most precipitation accompanies storms.
Most precipitation becomes surface water.
Most precipitation becomes vapor.
Most precipitation becomes water.
Most precipitation causes excessive moisture.
Most precipitation causes moisture.
Most precipitation comes in the spring and summer.
Most precipitation comes in the winter but in some areas it is sporadic.
Most precipitation consists of ice particles.
Most precipitation consists of opaque ice particles.
Most precipitation consists of opaque particles.
Most precipitation consists of particles.
Most precipitation creates runoff.
Most precipitation exceeds evaporation.
Most precipitation falls along the coastline and aridity increases as one moves away from the coast.
Most precipitation falls as rain but includes snow, sleet, drizzle, and hail.
Most precipitation falls as rain, and most rain falls on the oceans.
Most precipitation falls as rain.
Most precipitation falls as snow in Antarctica.
Most precipitation falls back into oceans or lakes.
Most precipitation falls from clouds.
Most precipitation falls in autumn and winter.
Most precipitation falls in late summer and early autumn thunderstorms.
Most precipitation falls in the central and western coastal regions of Africa.
Most precipitation falls in the summer.
Most precipitation falls in the winter months, and little during the summer.
Most precipitation falls on basins.
Most precipitation falls to earth.
Most precipitation has productivity.
Most precipitation includes water.
Most precipitation is caused by a combination of different processes causing the air to rise.
Most precipitation is found around the cold front.
Most precipitation is produced by storms.
Most precipitation occurs as afternoon thundershowers.
Most precipitation occurs as rainfall.
Most precipitation occurs as snowfall.
Most precipitation occurs during grow seasons.
Most precipitation occurs during seasons.
Most precipitation occurs during summer, mainly as a result of convective storms.
Most precipitation occurs during summer.
Most precipitation occurs during warm seasons.
Most precipitation occurs in rain.
Most precipitation occurs in rainfall.
Most precipitation occurs in summer.
Most precipitation occurs in the winter, primarily as rain.
Most precipitation occurs in the winter.
Most precipitation occurs in time.
Most precipitation passes through adjacent zones.
Most precipitation passes through layers.
Most precipitation passes through zones.
Most precipitation produces runoff.
Most precipitation reaches earth.
Most precipitation reaches soil surfaces.
Most precipitation reaches surfaces.
Most precipitation takes place during the growing season.
Much precipitation falls at higher elevations during winter months in the form of snow.
Some precipitation affects chemistry.
Some precipitation affects distribution.
Some precipitation affects height.
Some precipitation affects occurrences.
Some precipitation affects soil chemistry.
Some precipitation becomes runoff.
Some precipitation causes exothermic heat.
Some precipitation causes heat.
Some precipitation comes in winter.
Some precipitation contains dioxide.
Some precipitation contains sulfur dioxide.
Some precipitation falls as sleet.
Some precipitation falls as snow.
Some precipitation falls in winter.
Some precipitation flows overland as sheetwash.
Some precipitation includes snow.
Some precipitation infiltrates the soil surface and becomes soil water or groundwater.
Some precipitation is also possible.
Some precipitation is indispensable, too much is disastrous.
Some precipitation leads to primary productivity.
Some precipitation leads to productivity.
Some precipitation leads to salinity.
Some precipitation occurs as snow.
Some precipitation occurs during early summer months.
Some precipitation occurs during months.
Some precipitation occurs during summer months.
Some precipitation occurs during winter months.
Some precipitation occurs during winter.
Some precipitation produces fog.
Some precipitation reduces growth.
Some precipitation relates to primary productivity.
Some precipitation relates to productivity.
Some precipitation returns to the atmosphere as evaporation.
Some precipitation runs from high areas to low areas on the earth's surface.
Some precipitation runs from high areas to low areas on the Earth's surface.
Some precipitation takes paths.
Precipitin tests are used also for the tracing of plant relationships.
Precipitins are fairly specific in their reactions.
Precirculated papers are now available online.
Precis is a summary
Precis takes center stage in the sequel.
Precise adjustments are easy even at moderate and high speeds.
Precise analyses are necessary.
Precise annotations are far more important than illustrations.
Precise application reduces waste and improves yield.
Precise application saves money, protects the environment and optimizes yield and quality.
Precise arrangements remain to be thrashed out between London and Beijing.
More precise astrometry is in progress.
Precise balance is one of the advantages of our graphite cues.
Precise calculations are crucial in space missions.
Precise calculations are difficult.
Precise citations appear at the top of each title page.
Precise color requires precise voltage control.
Precise comparison is thus impossible.
Precise content is unknown but includes.
Precise content is unknown.
Precise control cuts energy costs from over-ventilating.
Precise control is achieved by a process known as feedback inhibition.
Precise control is extended to all aspects of drawing, including line-widths, colors, and fonts.
Precise control is maintained over basis weight, caliper and pore size.
More precise control is available from the drop down menu located at the top of the movie.
Precise coordination is key.
Precise cultivation using flat sweeps set to run shallow in the middle is recommended.
Precise cuts are also important, as is low weight and easy transport.
Precise cuts provide for the highest degree of refraction and brilliance.
Precise cutting is easy and effortless.
Precise date varies.
Precise data is reproducible, complete, representative, and able to be used to make decisions.
Precise definitions appear in the sections to follow.
Precise definitions are difficult Local initiatives outpace guidelines and oversight.
Precise definitions are impossible and many of the meanings which have been assumed are arbitrary.
Precise definitions are therefore important in preventing such disputes.
Precise details are forthcoming.
More precise details are available on request.
Some precise details are necessary.
Precise diagnosis is less important.
Precise drawing is fast and accurate , revealing essential relationships with ease and clarity.
Precise engineering permits the powerful unit to detect the presence of any metal .
Precise estimates are impossible because incidence and prevalence data are inadequate.
Precise estimates have small standard errors.
Precise estimators have a tight grouping.
More precise estimators make for better analysis and stronger conclusions.
Precise evaluation is helpful in determining the best course of treatment for each patient.
Precise fabrication provides low loss and VSWR throughout the full waveguide band.
Precise facts are hard to pin down, however.
Precise figures are difficult to calculate.
Precise fittings make it virtually impossible to pry open with hand tools.
Precise format can differ, but the information needs to be present.
Precise formulae are closely-guarded company secrets, often handed down through many generations.
Precise geology is an index to authenticity.
Precise geometry can be off putting but can be made to work.
Precise goals make it possible to do reverse planning as well as plan ahead.
Precise graphics are essential for a successful web site.
Precise information appears in various bibliographical and reference works.
Precise information is vital to stay ahead in business.
More precise information is available through the links.
Some precise information helps scientists.
Precise instruments measure concentration.
Precise interrupts are easy.
Precise localization is achieved through the use of ultrasound imaging transducers.
More precise location rests on the interpretation of the orientation of the map.
Precise meanings are often hard to determine.
Precise measurement scales on arms provide accurate specifications.
Precise measurements have a small standard deviation and variance under repeated trials.
Precise measurements make more sense than before.
Precise measurements require that the fibers line up properly over the joint.
More precise measurements break the degeneracy .
Some precise measurements indicate temperature.
Some precise mechanisms regulate excretion.
Some precise mechanisms regulate maturation.
Some precise mechanisms regulate oocyte maturation.
Precise methods focus on back and hips or head, neck and shoulder conditions.
Precise methods vary between subjects.
Precise mixtures vary with the species of bird being fed.
Precise modification is absolutely essential.
Precise numbers are only available if someone recorded the date of planting.
Precise numbers are unknown, but populations appear to be declining.
Precise numbers vary with the size of the entries.
Some precise observations show characters.
Precise optics provide top-quality visuals of tissues, cells, and other specimens.
Precise optical instruments measure concentration.
Precise osteotomies give the best-quality esthetic results.
Precise placement is critical.
Precise predictions become impossible.
Precise predictions require precise models which are often inaccurate.
Some precise predictions use mathematics.
Precise pressure is applied to release blockages inhibiting energy flow that cause pain and disease.
Precise programming requires study and even experience of the initiation itself on some level.
Precise records are essential in order to keep up with the patient's clinical status.
Precise shooting is necessary.
Precise specifications extend also to the ingredients.
Precise statistics are hard to pin down, but the number of local addicts runs in the hundreds.
Precise surveying is required to extract the information needed to create large-scale maps.
Precise surveyors work at the highest accuracies of measurement technology.
Precise tastes vary.
Precise technique is critical.
Precise temperature ensures consistent, high quality results.
Some precise time depends on climates.
Some precise time depends on local climates.
Precise timing increases the amount of nitrogen used by the crop and thus reduces leaching.
Precise timing is critical since damage builds up very rapidly.
Precise timing is essential.
Precise timing is required for horses to weave between each other.
Precise timing is tricky.
Precise topics vary.
Precise translation is at our core.
Precise values are available in the corresponding tables.
Some precise values depend on details.
Precise writers use fewer words to communicate the same ideas.
Precise writing is a discouragement to fault finders.
Preciseness isa clarity.
Precision agriculture allows more automation of equipment.
Precision agriculture comes in many guises.
Precision agriculture is an emerging high-technology agricultural management system.
Precision agriculture is more than new equipment, software, computers, and maps.
Precision agriculture is still a young and growing technology.
Precision agriculture means different things because fields vary from region to region.
Precision agriculture offers an opportunity to get the most from a field.
Precision attachments are generally more esthetic than metal clasps and they are nearly invisible.
Precision balances used today can weigh to the nearest microgram.
Precision engagement goes well beyond delivering iron on a target.
Precision engineering plays an increasingly important role in the competitiveness of UK industry.
Precision farming are agriculture.
Precision farming becomes ultra-efficient.
Precision farming can affect both input costs and crop production.
Precision farming can help farmers cut input costs and reduce pollution.
Precision farming has many other applications.
Precision farming involves the adoption of both new technology and a new level of management.
Precision farming is a necessity.
Precision farming is one of the hottest topics in the ag press.
Precision farming uses information to increase a farm's profitability.
Precision grip is thought to be the most recent adaptation of the evolving human hand.
Precision guides guarantee perfect results every time.
Precision marketing applies powerful technology to build lasting, profitable customer relationships.
Precision marketing is also extremely beneficial from a cost and time-efficiency standpoint as well.
Precision marketing is much more oriented to what's relevant to the recipient.
Precision planning saves time and money.
Precision shooting is a lifetime sport.
Precision strike is pretty self-explanatory.
Precision also means that it is easily repeatable.
Precision are our main product lines.
Precision balanced for truer roll and centered shaft reduces face twisting for greater accuracy.
Precision bearings at every articulating point to minimize resistance to movement.
Precision comes with practice.
Precision controls for mouser cursor positioning and dragging operations.
Precision counts bigtime now.
Precision counts in court.
Precision counts in position and direction.
Precision cutting in confined conditions is an important factor in tree maintenance.
Precision describes how close repeated measurements are to each other.
Precision describes how close values are to each other.
Precision describes the exactness of a measurement.
Precision designed back and seat create a chair that is comfortable with or without a cushion.
Precision die cast plastic and metal parts are authentic right down to the lights and gauges.
Precision estimates otherwise.
Precision grips in young chimpanzees.
Precision grips, hand morphology, and tools.
Precision grounded and balanced quill runs on prefabricated ball bearings.
Precision guided weapons have very little to do with the recreation of governmental infrastructures.
Precision has the least internal stress.
Precision has to do with reproducibility.
Precision has two locations, in Franklin Park, Illinois, and in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Precision increases fuzziness.
Precision indicates how close together or how repeatable the results are.
Precision invites increased risk-taking.
Precision involves the choice of apparatus and the skill with which it is used.
Precision is a computer program for statistical power analysis and confidence intervals.
Precision is a fuzzy concept.
Precision is a key criteria, when it comes to creating and testing recipes.
Precision is a measure of exactness.
Precision is a measure of how many of the returned documents are indeed relevant.
Precision is a measure of the degree to which a set of many values agree with each other.
Precision is a measure of the exactness of a measurement.
Precision is a measure of the likelihood of chance effects leading to random errors.
Precision is a measure of the total variability in the results for any given benchmark.
Precision is a quantitative concept.
Precision is a relative matter.
Precision is a staffing services firm which specializes in object technology projects.
Precision is a way of life.
Precision is accuracy
Precision is also an important attribute of the definitive methods.
Precision is always best.
Precision is alwyas a problem.
Precision is an indication of how finely something is measured.
Precision is another form of poetry.
Precision is another important aspect of doll making.
Precision is as important as creativity.
Precision is based in Washington, DC, but our scope is national.
Precision is concerned with the number and accuracy of distinctions made by an instrument.
Precision is critical for rollout photography.
Precision is determined by measurements of the reliability and validity of the questionnaire.
Precision is different from accuracy.
Precision is difficult, though relative magnitudes are informative.
Precision is discussed relative to guideline definitions and relative areas mapped.
Precision is ensured because the laser is controlled by a specially programmed computer.
Precision is essential.
Precision is established by analyzing replicate samples.
Precision is everything in drag racing.
Precision is everything.
Precision is expressed on tolerances or even on highest accuracy.
Precision is fifth.
Precision is flexible and commensurate with scale.
Precision is for nerds and wonks.
Precision is fully awake integration of mind, heart, body and environment.
Precision is fundamental.
Precision is gained by gradually increasing criteria.
Precision is guaranteed from the most expensive glossy publication to a throwaway postcard.
Precision is how close replicate determinations are to each other.
Precision is important because the researcher is analysing the structure of language.
Precision is important with tiny garments.
Precision is important.
Precision is independent of accuracy.
Precision is indicated by the standard deviation.
Precision is key in medical equipment.
Precision is key.
Precision is less important than validity.
Precision is located here in Portland.
Precision is lost.
Precision is made up of some of the finest volleyball players and coaches in Eastern Pennsylvania.
Precision is maintained throughout the entire calibrated flow range.
Precision is maximized using a different length of sampling plane for each size class.
Precision is measured by analyzing duplicate samples.
Precision is monitored by multiple-point calibration curves and by duplicate analyses of samples.
Precision is more important in descriptive than in explanatory research.
Precision is more important than finding a lot of possible matches.
Precision is necessary.
Precision is obvious.
Precision is of no significance unless accuracy is also obtained.
Precision is of the essence.
Precision is one of the major challenges in statistics.
Precision is our passion.
Precision is our standard from design to finish at low competitive offshore pricing.
Precision is paramount Ultimately, the fight is for precision.
Precision is possible.
Precision is provided by the physical context.
Precision is related to random error which causes random variation in the measurements made.
Precision is reproducibility.
Precision is required.
Precision is the agreement among repeated measurements of the same quantity.
Precision is the degree of exactness with which a quantity is expressed.
Precision is the degree to which a number of measurements are reproducible.
Precision is the dominant supplier of commercial stretcher bars in the United States.
Precision is the heart of science.
Precision is the key as the bridge builders link the strands to the anchorages.
Precision is the key to making urethane products with the desired properties.
Precision is the key to storing two bits per cell.
Precision is the key.
Precision is the most significant of the three.
Precision is the name of the game in radiation therapy, and millimeters count.
Precision is the number of images that are relevant against the number that are irrelevant.
Precision is the only way it can work.
Precision is the opposite of variation, and it has the same meaning in discussions of gages.
Precision is the opposite of variation.
Precision is the percentage of hits in a search that are about the desired resource.
Precision is the percentage of returned material that is actually relevant.
Precision is the proportion of the items found that are relevant to the search.
Precision is the similarly between repeat readings.
Precision is the term used in science to describe the reproducibility of a measurement.
Precision is the ultimate goal.
Precision is typically only good to two decimal places.
Precision is very good.
Precision is very important.
Precision is vigorous.
Precision is vital to the successful execution of the silent count.
Precision is vital.
Precision is what creates energy and movement in a design.
Precision is what most volunteer water monitoring efforts can achieve.
Precision lapping and polishing to tight tolerances of all types of metals is our speciality.
Precision leads to profits.
Precision leads to truth.
Precision leveling with laser-guided equipment permits the formation of large rectangular basins.
Precision machined to jewelers specifications, each set is fully adjustable.
Precision maintains extensive in-house design and manufacturing capabilities.
Precision maintains the highest standards in dealing with customers and vendors.
Precision makes the difference.
Precision matters .
Precision matters in law school.
Precision means being able to access information in enough detail to allow practical use of it.
Precision means flexibility.
Precision means playing clear, distinct sounds that fall in the right place for a proper feel.
Precision means that the speaker pronounces the word more carefully than usual.
Precision measures the extent the algorithm omits the non-modification traversing test cases.
Precision measures the fraction of materials retrieved that are actually relevant to the query.
Precision measuring beforehand ensures proper mating of vital parts.
Precision meets passion for life.
Precision metalforming workers actual create a product.
Precision Most can make an exact copy of the site.
Precision Never keep a legislator waiting .
Precision openings fine for spreading granular chemicals as insecticides and herbicides.
Precision operates out of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Precision parallels validity.
Precision refers to how close a set of measurements are to each other.
Precision refers to how close together a group of measurement actually are to each other.
Precision refers to how closely individual measurements agree with each other.
Precision refers to how closely multiple measurements of the same quantity cluster to one another.
Precision refers to how well a given measurement or results can be reproduced.
Precision refers to the consistency in grouping of results in measurement.
Precision refers to the degree of preciseness of a measurement.
Precision refers to the number of digits displayed in the representation.
Precision refers to the reliability of the information extracted.
Precision refers to the repeatability of the readings.
Precision relates to how closely measurements agree with the true value.
Precision relates to the reproducibility of the technique.
Precision represents the maximum departure of all readings from the mean value of the readings.
Precision returns the precision of the ring or field.
Precision scales, analytical instruments.
Precision seeding in cell transplants is, therefore, the most economical way to establish the crop.
Precision sets the number of places to display to the right of the decimal point for the labels.
Precision sizes to fit all lock systems.
Precision specializes in artillery pieces, artillerymen and munition resin kits.
Precision specifies an instrument's ability to repeat a given measurement.
Precision streamlines the estimating process, from conceptual estimate to final bill of materials.
Precision strives to provide the lowest prices on the net.
Precision takes into account how well geographic or attribute data is recorded.
Precision Takes time to attend to and understand details.
Precision thoroughly cleans and re-uses the copper base plates whenever possible.
Precision uses only the highest quality machinery and virgin materials to produce our products.
Precision utilizes the power of a leader when designing bar code systems.
Precision varies by tool.
Precision workmanship down to the rot-proof nylon thread used in the stitching.
Precisions carry through calculations according to the same rules.
Precision often is sacrificed for protection and warmth.
More precision also means fewer side-effects associated with other pain drugs.
More precision is needed about the plan's focus and objectives.
More precision is needed when public policy depends upon how a family is defined.
Preclean ink trays with rags before rinsing with water.
Preclinical courses occupy a significant number of hours in the dental curriculum.
Preclinical data demonstrate compelling activity in multiple diabetic animal models.
Preclinical disability represents the transitional state between impairment and disability.
Preclinical initiatives target the cytokine regulation of protein metabolism.
Preclinical material is presented in the context of the scientific frontiers of the field.
Preclinical Meetings are a priority .
Preclinical students can also be teachers.
Preclinical studies suggest potent anti-metastatic activity and it has a favorable toxicity profile.
A preclusion is prevention
Preclusion is a reason to avoid the toil of reaching an independent decision.
Preclusion is limited to claims directed at the stakeholder's property.
Precoated parts have a shelf life of several years.
Precocial birds have large clutches, long incubation periods, and are self-feeding at hatch.
Precocial birds lay protein-rich large yolk eggs.
Precocial birds learn to forage within three or four days.
Precocial birds stay in the egg twice as long as altricial birds, so they have more time to develop.
Precocial birds teach their young what food to eat, but much of it is trial and error.
Precocial hatching are feathered when hatched, and can leave the nest immediately.
Precocial species leave the nest shortly after birth or hatching .
Precocial species leave the nest shortly after birth or hatching.
Precocious marriages are rare.
Precocious motherhood is a growing problem in Brazil.
Precocious puberty can be Heterosexual or isosexual.
Precocious puberty is nine times more common in girls than in boys.
Precocious puberty is the premature development of secondary sexual characteristics.
Precocious puberty occurs in some cases.
Precocious puberty occurs in some patients.
Most precocious puberty is simply early maturation.
A precocity is intelligence
Precocity can emerge in a character, as a narrative posture, or in the very texture of the writing.
Precocity is good as well as fruit size.
Precoded routines enable printing of various font sizes, underlined text, and italicized text.
A precognition is clairvoyance
Precognition can be both.
Precognition falls under the category of psychic phenomena, which is a subset of the paranormal.
Precognition happens when the event seen, lies in the future.
Precognition is an interesting case.
Precognition is an interesting item to ponder.
Precognition is the ability to be aware of the future.
Precognition is the ability to know about something before it actually occurs.
Precognition is the ability to predict future events.
Precognition is the ability to see into the future.
Precognition is the ability to view events before they occur.
Precognitions are clairvoyance.
Precognitive citizens rejoice.
Precognitive dreams are a staple of our supernatural folklore.
Precognitive experiences transcend the boundaries of space and time.
Precommercial thinning increases diameter growth of Appalachian hardwood stump sprouts.
Precommercial thinning reduces snowshoe hare abundance in the short term.
Precompiled binaries are also available for some machines.
Precompiled binaries are also available there.
Precompiled binaries are also available.
Precompiled binaries are available on popular platforms.
Precompiled binaries exist for various platforms.
Some precompiled clients are available directly from the ftp.cvshome.org server.
Precompiled libraries are available in a separate binary distribution.
Precompiled releases are available for some systems.
Precompiled versions are available below.
Precomposed characters are another option for some composite characters.
Preconceived conclusions lead researchers astray.
A preconceived notion is opinion
Preconceived notions are popular conceptions rooted in everyday experiences.
Preconceived notions are the locks on the door to wisdom.
Preconceived notions offer unobtrusive storage.
Preconceived notions seem out of context.
Preconception counseling is available.
Preconceptional counseling is helpful if congenital anomalies or genetic abnormalities are found.
Preconceptional health refers to the health of the person planning to be pregnant before conception.
Preconceptual care reduces major congenital malformations and the spontaneous abortion rate.
Preconceptual counselling is ideal.
Precondition is an assumption
Precondition is that the training carried out by the society is generally accepted in that country.
Precondition there is an item with key k in D .
Preconditions are as important to the success of social acts as to the success of physical acts.
Preconditions guarantee that source value belongs to the specified domain of the function.
Preconditions help in ensuring that the software is correct.
Preconditions involve the system state and the arguments passed into the method.
Preconditions n is nonnegative.
Preconditions refer to the correctness of the algorithm.
Every precondition proven by the analysis eliminates a run-time check from the generated code.
Preconditioned cattle are healthier, resulting in a healthier bottom line.
Preconnected equipment lessens the chances of incorrectly hooking up the tools.
Preconscious affect is unconscious and automatic attention to affectively-laden attitude objects.
Preconsumer material is material that is recycled before it is used by a consumer.
Preconsumer waste goes to making new woollen cloths and blankets and felts .
Precooked rice is available in white and brown grain.
Precooked rice is enriched and as nutritious as other rices.
Precordial thump is possibly helpful in a witnessed arrest, without rapid access to a defibrillator.
Some precourse study is required.
Precultivated plants take some time before they pick up after planting.
Precursor cells are still multipotent when they arrive in the gut.
Precursor chemicals move from India into Myanmar and Pakistan.
Precursor is a large globular protein called thyroglobulin .
Precursor is an indication
Precursor is materials.
Precursor is people.
Precursor raises possibility of life long cure.
Precursors are chemicals mixed with other precursor chemicals to make chemical warfare agents.
Precursors are chemicals that are used to manufacture of narcotics.
Precursors are more soluble and can be excreted.
Precursors are substances that the body uses to make growth hormones.
Precursors are the substances that are converted into neurotransmitters by synthetic enzymes .
Precursors build up in blood and cause dementia.
Precursors die in the marrow, and few cells reach the periphery.
Precursors react in sunlight to form ozone or other photochemical oxidants.
Some precursors are amino acids glycine, tryptophan, arginine, ornithine, lysine and glutamine.
Precursors chemicals are mixed with other precursor chemicals to make chemical warfare agents.
Precut egg shapes out of coffee filters.
Precut fabric is available.
Precut kits enable even the first-time woodworker to build a boat.
Precut strips are readily available from a number of sources.
Precut vegetables are also another short cut if time is really tight.
Pred forte gets it under control after a couple of weeks.
Predaceous mites can drastically reduce spider mite infestations.
Predacious insects can play a major role in insect pest population management.
Predation accounts for most of the nest mortality.
Predation accounts for only a small percentage of doves lost.
Predation accounts for variation.
Predation adds a further consideration since the risk of being injured or killed is great.
Predation affects mortality.
Predation affects survival.
Predation also occurs.
Predation appears to be the major cause of Sambar mortality.
Predation attempts on callitrichids in the Atlantic coastal rain forest in Brazil.
Predation becomes more intense as population size increases.
Predation can affect life history.
Predation can be a big factor.
Predation can be a strong agent of natural selection.
Predation can be by other fish or by some adult and larval forms of insects.
Predation can either increase or decrease species diversity in a community.
Predation can have far-reaching effects on biological communities.
Predation can have many possible effects on the interrelations of populations.
Predation can result in the development of anti-predation strategies by prey populations.
Predation causes damage.
Predation causes disturbances.
Predation causes economic damage.
Predation causes enormous damage.
Predation causes enormous economic damage.
Predation continues to be high until the turtles are big enough to avoid being swallowed.
Predation contributes to extinction.
Predation covers both carnivorous and herbivorous consumption.
Predation creates crises.
Predation determines nest success.
Predation determines success.
Predation dictates the flow of energythrough and ecosystem.
Predation drives evolution.
Predation enhances complexity in the evolution of electric fish signals.
Predation exerts a powerful influence on the life histories and population dynamics of prey.
Predation exists and consumers are suffering.
Predation harms prey.
Predation has effects.
Predation has less effect on large caribou herds that it has on small herds.
Predation has negative effects.
Predation has significant effects.
Predation has significant negative effects.
Predation includes consumption.
Predation increases pressure.
Predation influences organisms at two ecological levels.
Predation influences the fitness of both predators and prey.
Predation is a fact of life in the rainforest.
Predation is a key driving force in the evolution of camouflage.
Predation is a major force of natural selection.
Predation is a major problem in years where habitat and food supply are lacking for the predators.
Predation is a part of that natural balance.
Predation is a relationship that helps both parties.
Predation is a three-dimensional phenomenon.
Predation is aggression
Predation is also a problem.
Predation is also important but less so than in the Pacific.
Predation is among the most important biotic factors affecting benthic populations.
Predation is an equal risk with one parent or two.
Predation is an iffy business, and every successful stalk can be preceded by several failures.
Predation is an important component of a turkey's life cycle.
Predation is an inconsistent control because of many fluctuating natural factors.
Predation is an interaction between organisms in which one organism captures biomass from another.
Predation is an interaction in which one organism captures and feeds on another organism.
Predation is another important factor structuring fish assemblages.
Predation is another problem.
Predation is at it's peak.
Predation is defined as one free-standing organism feeding on parts or all of a second organism.
Predation is heavy on the very small, newly emerged fry, but growth is rapid.
Predation is heavy, but growth is rapid.
Predation is higher in predator preferred habitat.
Predation is hunts.
Predation is important in biology because a.
Predation is important in controlling overpopulation of the prey species.
Predation is mainly by birds of prey such as owls and kites.
Predation is normal.
Predation is one of the fundamental natural laws.
Predation is only one of the reefs behavioral changes that occur at dusk.
Predation is part of the cycle.
Predation is probably no more significant for flying squirrels than it is for other tree squirrels.
Predation is probably one of the most important causal factors driving many population cycles.
Predation is probably the chief factor in the tropics.
Predation is rare, but kittens are killed occasionally by coyotes, domestic dogs, hawks, and owls.
Predation is represented by birds.
Predation is severe during a trout's early life.
Predation is the act of one organism catching and eating another.
Predation is the act of one organism eating another.
Predation is the best documented cause of early mortality, particularly for mobile species.
Predation is the broad context.
Predation is the instinctive desire to chase and hunt prey.
Predation is the main cause of nest failure.
Predation is the main driver of fear in prey because it can lead to death.
Predation is the major cause of breeding failure at most sites in California.
Predation is the most common cause of nest failure.
Predation is the most common reason for nest-site abandonment.
Predation is the name for one organism browsing to feed on another.
Predation is the primary direct cause of mortality for the cottontail.
Predation is the relationship between a predator and their prey.
Predation is usualy nocturnal and in or near water.
Predation is widespread and easy to observe.
Predation isa labor.
Predation limits the growth of many moose populations in Alaska.
Predation mays have effects.
Predation mays have little effects.
Predation obviously affects the individ- ual organism that gets eaten.
Predation occurs when one organism captures or feeds on another organism.
Predation occurs when one organism kills and eats the other organism.
Predation only takes place when the predator needs to eat.
Predation plays crucial roles.
Predation plays huge roles.
Predation plays important roles.
Predation plays key roles.
Predation plays major roles.
Predation plays minor roles.
Predation plays roles.
Predation plays significant roles.
Predation refers to the presence of predators while an animal is foraging.
Predation results in long periods of population near-stability.
Predation results in predation.
Predation seems to be at a minium.
Predation seems to have little effect on squirrel populations.
Predation tends to dampen the cycle somewhat, skimming off the peaks.
Predation often causes heavy nest losses.
Most predation affects mortality.
Most predation affects survival.
Most predation causes damage.
Most predation causes disturbances.
Most predation causes economic damage.
Most predation causes enormous damage.
Most predation causes enormous economic damage.
Most predation comes from canebrake rattlesnakes.
Most predation creates crises.
Most predation determines nest success.
Most predation determines success.
Most predation drives evolution.
Most predation harms prey.
Most predation has effects.
Most predation has negative effects.
Most predation has significant effects.
Most predation has significant negative effects.
Most predation includes consumption.
Most predation increases pressure.
Most predation occurs at night so it is particularly important to provide protection at that time.
Most predation occurs on eggs and nestlings while in the nest.
Most predation occurs on nesting females and hatchlings.
Most predation occurs soon after eggs are laid.
Most predation plays crucial roles.
Most predation plays huge roles.
Most predation plays important roles.
Most predation plays key roles.
Most predation plays major roles.
Most predation plays minor roles.
Most predation plays roles.
Most predation plays significant roles.
Some predation accounts for death.
Some predation becomes concern.
Some predation becomes forces.
Some predation becomes issues.
Some predation causes extinction.
Some predation contributes to nest success.
Some predation contributes to trends.
Some predation depends on locations.
Some predation has important roles.
Some predation has perspective.
Some predation has roles.
Some predation increases diversity.
Some predation increases magnitudes.
Some predation increases survival.
Some predation indicates conditions.
Some predation indicates factors.
Some predation influences biology.
Some predation influences succession.
Some predation involves destruction.
Some predation involves steps.
Some predation leads to extinction.
Some predation limits growth.
Some predation prevents song thrushes.
Some predation prevents thrushes.
Some predation provides nourishment.
Some predation provides resources.
Some predation reduces survival.
Some predation takes places.
Some predation threatens existence.
Predator control is done under permit from state and federal agencies.
Predator control is virtually impossible as well, particularly for rats.
Predator control remains controversial.
Predator hunters carry devices.
Predator technology evolves as quickly as any other technology.
A predator is an animal
Predator calling for coyote is a great challenge and is also offered in the winter months.
Predator can also cloak, just like in the movies to evade sight.
Predator comes on two CD's.
Predator control beings with a good fence.
Predator deserves higher ratings.
Predator eats prey.
Predator hunting mode and habitat domain alter nonconsumptive effects in predator-prey interactions.
Predator insects actively hunt and feed on other insects, often preying on numerous species.
Predator is a complete disappointment in the visual department.
Predator is a look at the computer sciences' lighter side.
Predator is a powerful creature which is a bit difficult to bring down.
Predator is a secondary structure prediction program available for non-commercial use.
Predator is a solid action flick.
Predator is one of the most difficult first person shooters on the market.
Predator isa animal.
Predator isa beast.
Predator isa creature.
Predator lands on a branch.
Predator mites multiply like crazy in top-irrigated mint.
Predator offers top quality gear with the most effective patterns on the market.
Predator provides a range of services.
Predator scat often contains large amounts of hair and bones from the prey.
Predators abound and severe weather conditions take their toll.
Predators abound waiting to prey on unsuspecting victims.
Predators abound, but everyone can enjoy plenty of sunshine.
Predators actively seek and capture their prey.
Predators actively seek out their prey items.
Predators affect the life spans of mystery snails that live out in the wild, needless to say.
Predators also are a threat.
Predators also can stress the birds and create a decrease in production.
Predators also have the tools required for killing and eating prey.
Predators also influence that nutrient transfer.
Predators also kill a few prime age adults.
Predators also roam in vans.
Predators also take their slice of the population as well.
Predators also use a variety of tricks to lure weaker inmates into sexual relationships.
Predators ambush prey.
Predators appear in water.
Predators approach potential prey.
Predators approach prey.
Predators are a major reason there are fewer angora goats in Texas today.
Predators are a real problem in the summer pastures.
Predators are a very tiny minority of the people on the Internet.
Predators are a wheel father removed.
Predators are above all other organisms below it.
Predators are also able to use patches to move and follow right along with their prey.
Predators are always a concern with any age sheep, but young lambs are an easy target for coyotes.
Predators are an exciting and important part of a habitat.
Predators are an important part of any ecosystem, including the world that elk inhabit.
Predators are animals that depend on killing other animals outright.
Predators are animals that eat other animals.
Predators are animals that hunt other animals.
Predators are animals that live by killing and consuming other animals.
Predators are animals which hunt other animals for food.
Predators are animals, such as tigers, who stalk and kill other animals for food.
Predators are animals.
Predators are another factor that limit wood duck production.
Predators are another problem.
Predators are at the top of a food chain.
Predators are back.
Predators are both icons and targets.
Predators are carnivores , which means their diet consists of meat.
Predators are carnivores that feed on other organisms, and prey are the animals that are eaten.
Predators are carnivores which typically search for and consume smaller prey.
Predators are clapper rails, diamondback turtles, water moccasins, raccoons and killifishes.
Predators are commonly generalists in their feeding preferences.
Predators are consumers that catch and eat other consumers for their food.
Predators are consumers that catch, kill and eat other living things.
Predators are consumers.
Predators are coyotes, foxes, bobcats, martins, and large hawks.
Predators are evil.
Predators are examples of consumers who catch and eat other animals.
Predators are fast and a parrot knows instinctively that it needs to be faster or die.
Predators are found at the next level of the food chain.
Predators are generally as large or larger than the prey they feed on.
Predators are generally as large, or larger than the prey they feed on.
Predators are generally bigger than their prey and kill the prey instantly.
Predators are in our communities, our families, schools, and churches.
Predators are insects or mites that eat pests.
Predators are kind of like lightning.
Predators are larger than the prey and are able to catch or overpower the prey relatively easily.
Predators are leopards and man.
Predators are less likely to go undetected when there are many eyes, ears and noses at work.
Predators are like that.
Predators are likely to be owls, feral cats, Pacific giant salamanders, and large fish.
Predators are likely to be the last person suspected of such violence.
Predators are mainly the large cats hyenas and hunting dogs.
Predators are martins, bobcats, weasels, foxes, coyotes, goshawks, and great horned owls.
Predators are member of families.
Predators are more conspicuous than parasites and their importance is generally appreciated more.
Predators are more important in regulating bark beetle populations than parasites.
Predators are more likely to move on in search of easy prey, they do tend to be impulsive.
Predators are most likely to catch weak, injured, old or very young prey.
Predators are numerous.
Predators are often generalist natural enemies although a few types are specialized.
Predators are on the prowl for penguin prey.
Predators are opportunists, and prey on any species readily available.
Predators are organisms that consume other organisms-their prey.
Predators are organisms that devour other living organisms for life-sustaining food.
Predators are organisms that kill and feed on their prey outright.
Predators are organisms which eat other organisms for energy.
Predators are out for their own immediate gratification.
Predators are out there.
Predators are part of a food chain , the process of passing energy from one organism to the next.
Predators are part of an ecosystem.
Predators are plentiful, notably cheetahs, leopards, and unusually large prides of lions.
Predators are possums, raccoons, skunks, coyotes, dogs and occasionally cats.
Predators are present.
Predators are raccoons, opossums, and large birds.
Predators are rare.
Predators are seen as balance wheels in ecosystems.
Predators are sharks.
Predators are shrikes, red-tailed hawks, and cats.
Predators are the animals that eat prey.
Predators are the natural population control system in nature.
Predators are tigers, leopards.
Predators are usually able to catch the weak, unlucky, old and sick.
Predators are usually generalists and feed on a number of different pests.
Predators are usually larger than parasites.
Predators are usually larger than their prey.
Predators are usually well suited for catching, killing, and eating their prey.
Predators are weasels, raptors, coyotes, foxes and bobcats.
Predators are wild animals that hunt, or prey on, other animals.
Predators attack and consume pests directly.
Predators attack animals.
Predators attack giraffes.
Predators attack live animals.
Predators attack livestock and other domestic animals.
Predators attack nests and babies fall to the ground.
Predators attack prey.
Predators attack, kill and eat prey.
Predators attract predators.
Predators avoid monarchs because they've learned they taste bad.
Predators avoid sea snakes.
Predators avoid snakes.
Predators avoid the viceroy because they believe it is poisonous.
Predators avoid venomous sea snakes.
Predators avoid venomous snakes.
Predators become hunters.
Predators become more efficient at density increases learning curve .
Predators bite prey.
Predators bring down moose.
Predators bring out the best traits in a species which helps future generations.
Predators can affect prey populations through changes in traits that reduce predation risk.
Predators can also snatch a male's train if they are roosting too low.
Predators can also threaten endangered species.
Predators can attack a martin colony from the ground or the air.
Predators can be a big problem at a fish hatchery.
Predators can be cats and dogs, and many types of wildlife.
Predators can be predacious as immatures, as adults, or both, depending on type.
Predators can dig under it, cats can jump over it.
Predators can easily catch the young smolts in slow moving water.
Predators can function to keep pest population outbreaks from occurring .
Predators can have big impact.
Predators can have impact.
Predators can help significantly reduce vole populations.
Predators can hide behind an alias online, behind the innocuous look of text in a white box.
Predators can include ducks, geese, chickens, other birds, or even cannibalistic snails.
Predators can include owls and possibly other large bat species.
Predators can include owls, snakes, raccoons, hawks, crows, or even squirrels.
Predators can play multiple roles in a community.
Predators can steal anything from credit card numbers to complete identities.
Predators can t eat an entire group.
Predators can use the wires to access the housing.
Predators can wait all evening for what they think is the right victim.
Predators capture prey.
Predators catch and eat their prey.
Predators catch animals.
Predators catch chickens.
Predators catch live prey.
Predators catch mice.
Predators catch prey.
Predators chase herbivores.
Predators chase prey.
Predators chase wildlife.
Predators circle in the air and pace the shore.
Predators come from out of nowhere with lightening fast movements to kill the prey.
Predators come from out of nowhere, with lightning fast movements to kill their prey.
Predators come in all shapes and sizes.
Predators come in many sizes and shapes.
Predators come into contact.
Predators come to the watering holes.
Predators come up with new tricks too.
Predators compete for food.
Predators concentrate in areas where there is a high concentration of organisms.
Predators concentrate in areas where there is a high concentration of prey.
Predators consume herbivores.
Predators consume large numbers.
Predators consume meat.
Predators consume native prey.
Predators consume numbers.
Predators consume organisms.
Predators consume phytoplankton.
Predators consume prey and limit prey numbers, which in turn limits predator numbers.
Predators consume prey.
Predators continue to be brought to justice.
Predators continue to exploit the masses and even dominate the politics in many situations.
Predators control mice and squirrels.
Predators control reproduction.
Predators control rodents.
Predators cull the weak and sick and poorly adapted.
Predators cull the weak in others.
Predators depend on grazers and browsers and on other predators.
Predators despoil and ruin.
Predators destroy pests.
Predators detect movement to locate prey.
Predators detect prey.
Predators develop a search image.
Predators develop skin.
Predators do birthday cakes a little differently.
Predators do damage.
Predators do extensive damage.
Predators do take a heavy toll.
Predators don t bug people here, or at least they never have as far as anyone knows.
Predators eat animals.
Predators eat aquatic creatures.
Predators eat chickens.
Predators eat creatures.
Predators eat dead animals.
Predators eat flesh.
Predators eat food.
Predators eat herbivores and each other.
Predators eat herbivores.
Predators eat insects.
Predators eat live prey.
Predators eat mammals.
Predators eat meals.
Predators eat meat.
Predators eat mice.
Predators eat muscle meat.
Predators eat or destroy the eggs and even eat the hens.
Predators eat or kill one or more insect pest directly.
Predators eat other animals.
Predators eat other bugs.
Predators eat other creatures.
Predators eat other insects.
Predators eat other invertebrates and even fish.
Predators eat other small aquatic creatures.
Predators eat predators.
Predators eat prey.
Predators eat rabbits.
Predators eat rats.
Predators eat rodents.
Predators eat sheep.
Predators eat small animals.
Predators eat small creatures.
Predators eat sparrows.
Predators eat squirrels.
Predators evolve elaborate systems to recognize their prey.
Predators exert a major impact on the nest sites ospreys choose.
Predators exhibit growth.
Predators exhibit preference.
Predators exhibit responses.
Predators exhibit several techniques.
Predators exhibit techniques.
Predators exist everywhere, online and off.
Predators expend energy.
Predators expend precious energy.
Predators feature skulls.
Predators feed on animals.
Predators feed on bacteria.
Predators feed on beetles.
Predators feed on colorado potato beetles.
Predators feed on fish.
Predators feed on fly eggs and young larvae.
Predators feed on herbivores.
Predators feed on organisms.
Predators feed on other living organisms - their prey .
Predators feed on poisonous prey.
Predators feed on prey.
Predators feed on preys.
Predators feed on rodents.
Predators feed on the pest insect.
Predators follow prey, the wildlife biologists say.
Predators follow prey.
Predators follow prey.
Predators follow the deer, one of their prey.
Predators form strong, lifelong prey search images in their first year of foraging.
Predators get animals.
Predators get food.
Predators give birth to offspring.
Predators give birth to predators.
Predators go after animals.
Predators grab prey.
Predators has-part teeth.
Predators have (part) brains.
Predators have (part) cell membranes.
Predators have (part) cells.
Predators have (part) corpi.
Predators have (part) cytoplasm.
Predators have (part) ears.
Predators have (part) faces.
Predators have (part) heads.
Predators have (part) nuclei.
Predators have (part) plasma membranes.
Predators have (part) sections.
Predators have (part) skulls.
Predators have (part) vacuoles.
Predators have a field day when emergence occurs.
Predators have ability.
Predators have alternative strategies.
Predators have an easier time chasing down prey in the now smaller body of water.
Predators have an unlimited capacity for increas.
Predators have both direct and indirect effects on prey.
Predators have breed habits.
Predators have color vision.
Predators have common interest.
Predators have communities.
Predators have consequences.
Predators have different means of killing and eating porcupines.
Predators have different weapons that are used to kill and eat prey.
Predators have difficulty.
Predators have enemies.
Predators have eyes that face forward.
Predators have eyes.
Predators have feet.
Predators have food.
Predators have habits.
Predators have heads.
Predators have instinct.
Predators have interest.
Predators have issues.
Predators have keen eyes.
Predators have large prey.
Predators have legs.
Predators have limitless appetite.
Predators have modes.
Predators have natural enemies.
Predators have only to learn one pattern and fewer butterflies get eaten.
Predators have population size.
Predators have powerful legs.
Predators have prey.
Predators have roles.
Predators have senses.
Predators have sharp senses.
Predators have size.
Predators have sources.
Predators have stomachs.
Predators have strategies.
Predators have vision.
Predators help control the size of their prey populations.
Predators help to reduce the size of prey populations.
Predators hide places.
Predators hunt and kill other animals for food.
Predators hunt animals.
Predators hunt at nights.
Predators hunt deer.
Predators hunt eggs.
Predators hunt herbivores.
Predators hunt mammals.
Predators hunt organisms.
Predators hunt other animals.
Predators hunt prey.
Predators hunt rabbits.
Predators hunt sheep.
Predators hunt squirrels.
Predators hunt their prey.
Predators hunt wild prey.
Predators improve survival.
Predators include animals.
Predators include barn owls.
Predators include bears.
Predators include birds.
Predators include bottom dwell animals.
Predators include carnivores.
Predators include cougars.
Predators include coyotes.
Predators include dire wolves.
Predators include gray wolves.
Predators include great horn owls.
Predators include horn owls.
Predators include humans.
Predators include hunters.
Predators include large birds.
Predators include leopards.
Predators include lions.
Predators include lizards.
Predators include lynxes.
Predators include mammals.
Predators include marsupial lions.
Predators include monkeys.
Predators include mountain lions.
Predators include owl birds.
Predators include owls.
Predators include pacific salmon.
Predators include raccoons.
Predators include raptors.
Predators include salmon.
Predators include snake birds.
Predators include snow owls.
Predators include wolves.
Predators including raccoons, cats, snakes, blue jays, and crows eat the eggs and hatchlings .
Predators increase their predation abilities by mimicking a harmless species.
Predators induce cloning in echinoderm larvae.
Predators inhabit areas.
Predators inhabit environments.
Predators inhabit marine environments.
Predators inhabit territory.
Predators inhabit wood areas.
Predators interact with prey, and prey interact with predators.
Predators invade areas.
Predators invade nest areas.
Predators is a new breed of natural history television.
Predators is an illustrated guide to predatory animals.
Predators just do what they do.
Predators keep herbivore populations in check.
Predators kill and consume other organisms.
Predators kill and consume pests.
Predators kill and eat their prey.
Predators kill animals.
Predators kill birds.
Predators kill carnivores.
Predators kill cattle.
Predators kill deer in New Mexico each year.
Predators kill deer.
Predators kill food.
Predators kill gazelles.
Predators kill goats.
Predators kill lots.
Predators kill many turkeys throughout the year.
Predators kill other animals for food.
Predators kill other animals.
Predators kill prey animals.
Predators kill prey.
Predators kill sheep.
Predators kill to eat, and to feed their own, nothing more.
Predators kill victims.
Predators kill wildlife.
Predators know it is often safer to attack an animal caught off guard.
Predators learn faster if there are two unpalatable species that look the same.
Predators learn that the distinct coloration of the monarch is a warning sign.
Predators learn their responses to the defenses of prey .
Predators learn to associate the rattlesnake's buzz with danger.
Predators learn very fast to distinguish between edible and non-edible species.
Predators leave their kills the next morning to find shade as the temperature rises.
Predators like to eat banana slugs at all stages of their lives.
Predators live in environments.
Predators live in habitats.
Predators live in oceans.
Predators live in stable environments.
Predators live the longest as a result of an extended incubation period.
Predators locate prey.
Predators look for cars that are broken down.
Predators look for easy meals.
Predators look for food.
Predators look for hot meals.
Predators look for meals.
Predators look for the easiest prey.
Predators lurk behind computer screens.
Predators lurk ever corner, so be alert for death can consume horses here.
Predators M any animals, especially humans, eat lobsters.
Predators maintain stability.
Predators move in from surrounding savanna when flood waters recede and soil dries out.
Predators move into areas.
Predators negatively influence duck recruitment in grassland ecosystems.
Predators obviously benefit when they are able to capture, kill, and eat their prey.
Predators open the frog and discard the jelly before devouring the animal.
Predators ought to be the foundation upon which all other mite management tactics are built.
Predators outrun adults.
Predators outrun healthy adults.
Predators play an important role in keeping twospotted spider mite populations in check.
Predators play critical roles.
Predators play lead roles.
Predators play major roles.
Predators play pivotal roles.
Predators play roles.
Predators play significant roles.
Predators plays an important role in a food chain.
Predators pose threats.
Predators prefer juicy prey.
Predators prefer meat.
Predators prefer prey.
Predators prefer smaller prey.
Predators presumably avoid such species because they look like the poisonous ones.
Predators prey on animals.
Predators prey on graze herbivores.
Predators prey on herbivores.
Predators prey on livestock.
Predators prey on pests.
Predators prey on pigeons.
Predators prey on the vulnerabilities of our children.
Predators prey on the weak, the sick, and the malnourished.
Predators prey on weaker animals.
Predators prey on weakness and insecurity.
Predators prey upon animals.
Predators prey upon mammals.
Predators prey upon prey.
Predators prosper wherever there is no watchful eye.
Predators provide natural control of the pests.
Predators pursue prey to safe line.
Predators quickly learn prey types and adapt to recognize prey and to avoid inedible species.
Predators range from grizzly bears to foxes and include hawks and owls.
Predators range from the very large to the microscopic.
Predators react to the smell that comes out of the sap excretion at the back, the honeydew.
Predators receive food.
Predators rely on eyes.
Predators rely on senses.
Predators rely on surprise.
Predators rely on vision.
Predators represent a small but important fraction of benthic communities in rivers of all sizes.
Predators represent yet another significant source of biological selection pressures in the tropics.
Predators require cool water.
Predators require feet.
Predators require food.
Predators require frontal vision.
Predators require water.
Predators roam plateaus.
Predators run rampant, destroying everything they touch.
Predators search the environment for acceptable prey.
Predators search the highways for easy .
Predators seek food.
Predators seek out live prey.
Predators seek out prey.
Predators seize animals.
Predators seize rabbits.
Predators seize squirrels.
Predators select, chase, and consume prey until satiated.
Predators selectively feed on the innermost portions owing to their protected location.
Predators selectively graze reproductive structures in a clonal marine organism.
Predators serve a valuable function to keep prey species in balance with their habitat.
Predators show little variation.
Predators show variation.
Predators soon learn to avoid the bright colors of the monarch caterpillars and butterflies.
Predators spend the winter as adults hiding in leaf litter in woods around fields.
Predators stalk prey.
Predators stalk the shadows.
Predators stalking the mottes are coyote, bobcat, and raccoon.
Predators start by choosing the parents.
Predators stay away from mimics, thinking they are the poisonous animals they look like.
Predators steal eggs.
Predators steal prey.
Predators strengthen prey.
Predators strike more often, as deer poaching and overharvesting outside the farms reduce wild prey.
Predators strike prey.
Predators survive years.
Predators swallow prey.
Predators swim through open water.
Predators swim through water.
Predators take down prey.
Predators take large prey.
Predators take prey.
Predators take small prey.
Predators tend to do very well in a structured environment.
Predators tend to have larger brains .
Predators tend to have larger brains than their prey, relative to body size.
Predators tend to have larger brains.
Predators tend to make the same mistakes.
Predators threaten animals.
Predators threaten life.
Predators threaten plant life.
Predators threaten prey.
Predators threaten sheep.
Predators threaten survival.
Predators tie on neckerchiefs.
Predators to catch prey.
Predators too are frequent visitors.
Predators travel greater distances or hunt for longer hours.
Predators try to hunt and kill.
Predators typically give skunks a wide berth unless little other food is available.
Predators use appendages.
Predators use feed appendages.
Predators use hunt techniques.
Predators use sound.
Predators use techniques.
Predators use teeth.
Predators use the Internet to contact victims and display their abuse of women and children.
Predators use the sympathy ploy many times.
Predators use tongues.
Predators use vocal sound.
Predators vary according to the movement of the herbivores.
Predators wait for prey.
Predators wait in ambush, Stalking the unwary at every turn.
Predators want prey.
Predators wear pinnies.
Predators always have advantages but prey out number all predator.
Predators often affect species other than their prey.
Predators often begin sending young correspondents child pornography.
Predators often feed on prey from different trophic levels, for example.
Predators often feed on weak or sick animals in an ecosystem.
Predators often have eyes that are in front of the head.
Predators often move south from Canada in response to prey shortages north of the border.
Predators often scavenge animals dead of other causes and livestock can disappear in other ways.
Predators often switch their attentions according to the relative abundances of their prey species.
Predators sometimes succumb to quills.
Predators usually capture the old, crippled, sick, or very young animals.
Predators usually count on surprise in order to capture prey.
Predators usually feed on insects smaller than themselves, ingesting one or more for a single meal.
Predators usually have to hit a single target to make a kill.
Predators usually hunt the ill, injured, old or young because they're easier to catch.
All predators clearly pose risks to others.
All predators face a difficult future.
All predators have basically the same trait towards obtaining food.
Any predator species that lives naturally in an area inhabited by whitefly.
Every predator trades off speed for strength, sharp teeth for a crushing bite.
Many predators also employ other senses when hunting, such as smell or a lateral line system.
Many predators also feed on aphids.
Many predators are common in commercial tree fruit orchards in Pennsylvania.
Many predators are digitigrade.
Many predators are part-time scavengers.
Many predators are well equipped to hunt beneath the surface of the sand.
Many predators avoid children who have watchful parents that are active in their children's lives.
Many predators avoid shrews because of strong scent glands used to mark their territory.
Many predators can move quickly to catch a fleeing creature.
Many predators consume meadow voles.
Many predators develop search images by perceptual learning.
Many predators dine on multiple types of prey.
Many predators eat only part of the prey, leaving the rest alive to continue growing.
Many predators eat pocket gophers.
Many predators enter chat rooms that kids and teens frequent, pretending to be another teen.
Many predators feed on a variety of small mammals and other predators.
Many predators feed on pollen and nectar at such times.
Many predators find poles difficult to climb.
Many predators find the otter, with their pungent scent glands, distasteful.
Many predators have to learn how to quickly despatch prey by going for the throat.
Many predators learn to avoid the species all together.
Many predators lurk around nests to snatch eggs for food.
Many predators scavenge too.
Many predators strike to kill only on prey which move .
Many predators strike to kill only on prey which move.
Many predators surplus kill or have at least surplus to their immediate requirements.
Many predators take advantage of leopard frog prey.
Many predators take advantage of the rocky inter tidal areas at low tide.
Many predators target the eggs, including reptiles.
More predators kill more prey, which, along with food scarcity, decreases the population.
Most predators already exist at dangerously low levels.
Most predators ambush prey.
Most predators appear in water.
Most predators approach potential prey.
Most predators approach prey.
Most predators are giants compared to their prey.
Most predators are member of families.
Most predators attack live animals.
Most predators attract predators.
Most predators avoid sea snakes.
Most predators avoid skunks, but domestic dogs, coyotes, badgers, and great-horned owls kill a few.
Most predators avoid snakes.
Most predators avoid venomous sea snakes.
Most predators avoid venomous snakes.
Most predators become hunters.
Most predators bite prey.
Most predators bring down moose.
Most predators can have big impact.
Most predators can have impact.
Most predators capture prey.
Most predators catch live prey.
Most predators chase prey.
Most predators come into contact.
Most predators compete for food.
Most predators consume herbivores.
Most predators consume large numbers.
Most predators consume meat.
Most predators consume native prey.
Most predators consume organisms.
Most predators consume phytoplankton.
Most predators consume prey.
Most predators control reproduction.
Most predators control rodents.
Most predators destroy pests.
Most predators detect prey.
Most predators develop skin.
Most predators do damage.
Most predators do extensive damage.
Most predators eat animals.
Most predators eat aquatic creatures.
Most predators eat chickens.
Most predators eat creatures.
Most predators eat dead animals.
Most predators eat flesh.
Most predators eat food.
Most predators eat herbivores.
Most predators eat insects.
Most predators eat live prey.
Most predators eat mammals.
Most predators eat meals.
Most predators eat meat.
Most predators eat mice.
Most predators eat muscle meat.
Most predators eat other animals.
Most predators eat other creatures.
Most predators eat other insects.
Most predators eat other small aquatic creatures.
Most predators eat predators.
Most predators eat prey.
Most predators eat rabbits.
Most predators eat rats.
Most predators eat rodents.
Most predators eat sheep.
Most predators eat small animals.
Most predators eat small creatures.
Most predators eat sparrows.
Most predators eat squirrels.
Most predators exhibit growth.
Most predators exhibit preference.
Most predators exhibit responses.
Most predators exhibit several techniques.
Most predators exhibit techniques.
Most predators expend energy.
Most predators expend precious energy.
Most predators feed on animals.
Most predators feed on bacteria.
Most predators feed on beetles.
Most predators feed on colorado potato beetles.
Most predators feed on fish.
Most predators feed on herbivores.
Most predators feed on organisms.
Most predators feed on poisonous prey.
Most predators feed on prey.
Most predators feed on rodents.
Most predators follow prey.
Most predators get animals.
Most predators get food.
Most predators give birth to offspring.
Most predators give birth to predators.
Most predators go after animals.
Most predators grab prey.
Most predators has-part teeth.
Most predators have a very good sense of hearing.
Most predators have ability.
Most predators have alternative strategies.
Most predators have color vision.
Most predators have common interest.
Most predators have communities.
Most predators have consequences.
Most predators have difficulty.
Most predators have enemies.
Most predators have eyes.
Most predators have feet.
Most predators have food.
Most predators have habits.
Most predators have heads.
Most predators have instinct.
Most predators have interest.
Most predators have issues.
Most predators have keen eyes.
Most predators have large prey.
Most predators have legs.
Most predators have modes.
Most predators have natural enemies.
Most predators have population size.
Most predators have powerful legs.
Most predators have prey.
Most predators have roles.
Most predators have senses.
Most predators have sharp senses.
Most predators have size.
Most predators have sources.
Most predators have strategies.
Most predators have vision.
Most predators hide places.
Most predators hunt other animals.
Most predators hunt wild prey.
Most predators improve survival.
Most predators inhabit areas.
Most predators inhabit environments.
Most predators inhabit marine environments.
Most predators inhabit territory.
Most predators inhabit wood areas.
Most predators invade areas.
Most predators invade nest areas.
Most predators kill animals.
Most predators kill birds.
Most predators kill carnivores.
Most predators kill cattle.
Most predators kill deer.
Most predators kill food.
Most predators kill gazelles.
Most predators kill goats.
Most predators kill other animals.
Most predators kill prey animals.
Most predators kill prey.
Most predators kill sheep.
Most predators kill victims.
Most predators kill wildlife.
Most predators live in environments.
Most predators live in habitats.
Most predators live in oceans.
Most predators live in stable environments.
Most predators locate prey.
Most predators look for easy meals.
Most predators look for food.
Most predators look for hot meals.
Most predators look for meals.
Most predators maintain stability.
Most predators move into areas.
Most predators play critical roles.
Most predators play lead roles.
Most predators play major roles.
Most predators play pivotal roles.
Most predators play roles.
Most predators play significant roles.
Most predators pose threats.
Most predators prefer juicy prey.
Most predators prefer meat.
Most predators prefer prey.
Most predators prey on animals.
Most predators prey on graze herbivores.
Most predators prey on herbivores.
Most predators prey on livestock.
Most predators prey on pests.
Most predators prey on pigeons.
Most predators prey upon animals.
Most predators prey upon mammals.
Most predators prey upon prey.
Most predators receive food.
Most predators rely on eyes.
Most predators rely on senses.
Most predators rely on surprise.
Most predators rely on vision.
Most predators require cool water.
Most predators require feet.
Most predators require food.
Most predators require water.
Most predators seek food.
Most predators seek out live prey.
Most predators seek out prey.
Most predators seize animals.
Most predators seize rabbits.
Most predators seize squirrels.
Most predators show little variation.
Most predators show variation.
Most predators stalk prey.
Most predators steal eggs.
Most predators steal prey.
Most predators steer clear of skunks, but overly curious dogs tend to be the worst offenders.
Most predators strike prey.
Most predators survive years.
Most predators swim through open water.
Most predators swim through water.
Most predators take down prey.
Most predators take large prey.
Most predators take prey.
Most predators take small prey.
Most predators tend to go after juveniles, while humans, it seems, tend to go after adults.
Most predators threaten animals.
Most predators threaten life.
Most predators threaten plant life.
Most predators threaten prey.
Most predators threaten sheep.
Most predators threaten survival.
Most predators use appendages.
Most predators use feed appendages.
Most predators use hunt techniques.
Most predators use sound.
Most predators use techniques.
Most predators use teeth.
Most predators use tongues.
Most predators use vocal sound.
Most predators wait for prey.
Some predator prey adapts to conditions.
Some predator removals increase success.
Some predators acquire infection.
Some predators actually mistake shoals for large fish and avoid attacking.
Some predators affect biodiversity.
Some predators appear in episodes.
Some predators appear in films.
Some predators approach armadillos.
Some predators approach hagfishes.
Some predators approach lizards.
Some predators approach predators.
Some predators are cute and adorable.
Some predators are located in Africa.
Some predators are specialists on bees, including honeybees.
Some predators are specialized in their choice of prey, others are generalists.
Some predators avoid areas.
Some predators avoid detection.
Some predators become food.
Some predators become porcupines.
Some predators become prey.
Some predators bite humans.
Some predators bury food.
Some predators capture starfishs.
Some predators catch frogfishs.
Some predators catch passenger pigeons.
Some predators change their home ranges with the seasons to follow their prey.
Some predators come from sea.
Some predators compete for prey.
Some predators construct burrows.
Some predators consume meadow voles.
Some predators consume mice.
Some predators consume plants.
Some predators control growth.
Some predators cross streets.
Some predators deceive with advertising coloration.
Some predators destroy nests.
Some predators destroy production.
Some predators destroy seed production.
Some predators detect cuttlefishs.
Some predators die in sea.
Some predators die of starvation.
Some predators dive into water.
Some predators drive animals.
Some predators eat adult iguanas.
Some predators eat ants.
Some predators eat aphids.
Some predators eat arthropods.
Some predators eat babies.
Some predators eat beetles.
Some predators eat birds.
Some predators eat cicadas.
Some predators eat clams.
Some predators eat crabs.
Some predators eat crickets.
Some predators eat deer.
Some predators eat dormouses.
Some predators eat eggs.
Some predators eat fish.
Some predators eat frogs.
Some predators eat giant squids.
Some predators eat gophers.
Some predators eat habits.
Some predators eat horses.
Some predators eat iguanas.
Some predators eat jellyfish.
Some predators eat lemmings.
Some predators eat molluscs.
Some predators eat mosquitoes.
Some predators eat moths.
Some predators eat mussels.
Some predators eat oysters.
Some predators eat parasites.
Some predators eat people.
Some predators eat pests.
Some predators eat plants.
Some predators eat pocket gophers.
Some predators eat porcupines.
Some predators eat shellfishes.
Some predators eat shrimp.
Some predators eat skunks.
Some predators eat small birds.
Some predators eat small shrimp.
Some predators eat snails.
Some predators eat springtails.
Some predators eat squids.
Some predators eat starfishs.
Some predators eat valuable fish.
Some predators eat vertebrates.
Some predators eat wild birds.
Some predators eat worms.
Some predators eat young birds.
Some predators emerge at nights.
Some predators enter burrows.
Some predators enter pasture.
Some predators exist, but results vary.
Some predators feast on little rodents.
Some predators feast on rodents.
Some predators feed larvae.
Some predators feed on aphids.
Some predators feed on arthropods.
Some predators feed on bats.
Some predators feed on birds.
Some predators feed on bugs.
Some predators feed on chinchillas.
Some predators feed on coyotes.
Some predators feed on grass.
Some predators feed on insects.
Some predators feed on lace bugs.
Some predators feed on larvae.
Some predators feed on mammal birds.
Some predators feed on mollies.
Some predators feed on mollusks.
Some predators feed on nectar.
Some predators feed on other arthropods.
Some predators feed on other insects.
Some predators feed on other mollusks.
Some predators feed on other terrestrial arthropods.
Some predators feed on pipistrelle bats.
Some predators feed on salt marsh cord grass.
Some predators feed on sea urchins.
Some predators feed on small insects.
Some predators feed on terrestrial arthropods.
Some predators feed on urchins.
Some predators feed on vegetation.
Some predators feed on voles.
Some predators feed on wildebeests.
Some predators feel backs.
Some predators feel birds.
Some predators fill ecological niches.
Some predators fill niches.
Some predators fill similar ecological niches.
Some predators find mice.
Some predators follow gazelles.
Some predators follow optimal rules.
Some predators follow rules.
Some predators give birth to animals.
Some predators go to sea.
Some predators grab badgers.
Some predators grab lizards.
Some predators grab tails.
Some predators have a surprise in store.
Some predators have abundances.
Some predators have areas.
Some predators have arms.
Some predators have bills.
Some predators have bumper crops.
Some predators have calves.
Some predators have chances.
Some predators have crops.
Some predators have distribution.
Some predators have impact.
Some predators have individuals.
Some predators have lemmings.
Some predators have mosquitofishs.
Some predators have potential impact.
Some predators have predator abundances.
Some predators have stripes.
Some predators have whales.
Some predators have widespread distribution.
Some predators hide nests.
Some predators hunt and kill live prey.
Some predators hunt burmese pythons.
Some predators hunt cheetahs.
Some predators hunt crabs.
Some predators hunt ducks.
Some predators hunt from the air.
Some predators hunt in packs.
Some predators hunt jackrabbits.
Some predators hunt larvae.
Some predators hunt worms.
Some predators inhabit bays.
Some predators inhabit jungle.
Some predators inhabit mix woodlands.
Some predators inhabit surround jungle.
Some predators inhabit woodlands.
Some predators invade chambers.
Some predators invade farms.
Some predators invade nest chambers.
Some predators invade underground chambers.
Some predators kill badgers.
Some predators kill butterflies.
Some predators kill caterpillars.
Some predators kill chickens.
Some predators kill chicks.
Some predators kill chipmunks.
Some predators kill close companions.
Some predators kill companions.
Some predators kill crabs.
Some predators kill dogs.
Some predators kill elands.
Some predators kill elk.
Some predators kill embryos.
Some predators kill foxes.
Some predators kill herbivores.
Some predators kill horses.
Some predators kill koalas.
Some predators kill large sauropods.
Some predators kill lemurs.
Some predators kill lions.
Some predators kill livestock.
Some predators kill members.
Some predators kill mice.
Some predators kill predators.
Some predators kill rabbits.
Some predators kill rats.
Some predators kill sauropods.
Some predators kill shrews.
Some predators kill snails.
Some predators kill tortoises.
Some predators kill turkeys.
Some predators leap into air.
Some predators live in areas.
Some predators live in certain areas.
Some predators live in cornfields.
Some predators live in different areas.
Some predators live in Florida.
Some predators live in same areas.
Some predators live in sea.
Some predators live in streams.
Some predators live there too, including weasels.
Some predators live there too, particularly weasels.
Some predators make noise.
Some predators make pheromone.
Some predators occur in orchards.
Some predators perform functions.
Some predators perform important functions.
Some predators prefer eggs because they are high energy sources of food.
Some predators prefer eggs because they are high-energy sources of food.
Some predators prey on arctic hares.
Some predators prey on beavers.
Some predators prey on chicks.
Some predators prey on ermines.
Some predators prey on frogs.
Some predators prey on guppies.
Some predators prey on hammerheads.
Some predators prey on hares.
Some predators prey on insects.
Some predators prey on jellyfish.
Some predators prey on juvenile hammerheads.
Some predators prey on larvae.
Some predators prey on mammals.
Some predators prey on penguins.
Some predators prey on salmon.
Some predators prey on skinks.
Some predators prey on squirrels.
Some predators prey on synapsids.
Some predators prey on weasels.
Some predators prey on worms.
Some predators pursue bats.
Some predators pursue gophers.
Some predators pursue larvae and pupae in the soil.
Some predators release specific chemicals.
Some predators rely on nutrients.
Some predators rely on snails.
Some predators rely on sources.
Some predators replace teeth.
Some predators require light.
Some predators reside in shelter.
Some predators roam Madagascar.
Some predators shoot deer.
Some predators spread diseases.
Some predators stand on legs.
Some predators steal animals.
Some predators steal horses.
Some predators steal mice.
Some predators steal rats.
Some predators steal sheep.
Some predators steal worms.
Some predators survive fire.
Some predators take advantage of the concentration of birds during migration.
Some predators take advantage.
Some predators take american toads.
Some predators take toads.
Some predators target mice.
Some predators think people with disabilities are the easiest victims of all.
Some predators threaten birds.
Some predators threaten dogs.
Some predators threaten eagles.
Some predators threaten families.
Some predators threaten frogs.
Some predators threaten goats.
Some predators threaten hives.
Some predators threaten horses.
Some predators threaten jellyfish.
Some predators threaten lions.
Some predators threaten livestock.
Some predators threaten mice.
Some predators threaten monkeys.
Some predators threaten otters.
Some predators threaten penguins.
Some predators threaten rats.
Some predators threaten seabirds.
Some predators threaten turtles.
Some predators thrive in landscapes.
Some predators use their tongues as effective weapons.
Some predators walk on legs.
Some predators watch dogs.
Predatory activity attributes to wildlife reductions in some areas.
A predatory animal is an animal
Predatory animals are also heterotrophic.
Predatory animals are carnivores.
Predatory animals are wild animals.
Predatory animals hunt animals.
Predatory animals inspire a sense of awe, respect and fear among humans.
Predatory animals play an important role in keeping wildlife populations balanced and healthy.
Predatory animals require certain characteristics in order to be efficient killers.
Predatory animals use combat strategies.
Predatory animals use strategies.
Most predatory animals use combat strategies.
Most predatory animals use strategies.
Some predatory attacks result in death.
Some predatory beetles prey on tadpoles.
Predatory behavior is patently anticompetitive.
Predatory behavior is stifled by unearned daily feedings from owners.
Predatory birds abound.
Predatory birds feed on rodents and other small prey.
Predatory birds have bills.
Predatory birds have eyesights.
Predatory birds have fewer young ones than predatory mammals of approximately the same sizes.
Predatory birds have good eyesights.
Predatory birds hunt the reed beds for mammals and other birds that shelter there.
Predatory birds need large talons.
Predatory birds need talons.
Predatory birds perch on snags for a better view of prey.
Most predatory birds have bills.
Most predatory birds have eyesights.
Most predatory birds have good eyesights.
Some predatory birds have enemies.
Some predatory birds have natural enemies.
Some predatory bugs have spines.
Predatory cars have respect for one another.
Predatory carnivores eat fish.
Predatory carnivores have jaws.
Predatory carnivores have large jaws.
Predatory carnivores have pharyngeal jaws.
Most predatory carnivores eat fish.
Most predatory carnivores have jaws.
Most predatory carnivores have large jaws.
Most predatory carnivores have pharyngeal jaws.
Some predatory carnivores feed on worms.
Most predatory caterpillars feed on eggs of other insects, aphids, scale insects, or ant larvae.
Predatory catfish have generally small teeth.
Predatory conduct is, of course, exclusionary.
Predatory dinosaurs have lungs.
Most predatory dinosaurs have lungs.
Predatory drugs is the name given to any drugs that are used for the purpose of sexual assault.
Predatory eyes burn with knowledge of trying to grow up too fast.
Predatory fish are fish that prey upon other fish or animals.
Predatory fish invade the sun-warmed land.
Predatory fish vary in their level of activity.
Predatory forms are also common, and feed upon other small animals or even other nematodes.
Predatory fungi belong to phyla.
Most predatory fungi belong to phyla.
Predatory guards are available at wild bird supply stores.
Some predatory impact has effects.
Predatory insects are a natural solution that is safe for plants, people, pets, and the planet.
Predatory insects kill prey.
Most predatory insects kill prey.
Some predatory insects attack harmful pests.
Some predatory insects eat aphids.
Some predatory insects eat insect pests.
Some predatory insects eat insects.
Some predatory insects eat pest insects.
Some predatory insects eat pests.
Some predatory larvae inhabit mud.
Predatory leeches are active at night and hide by day.
Some predatory leeches take blood meals.
Some predatory leeches take meals.
Predatory lenders are a subset of subprime lenders.
Predatory lenders are another of Foster s concerns.
Predatory lenders charge fees and interest rates far beyond the risk incurred.
Predatory lenders charge high points, but offer no corresponding reduction in the interest rate.
Predatory lenders define default aggressively.
Predatory lenders jack up the cost of credit by needlessly selling insurance to borrowers.
Predatory lenders love to sell loans based on the monthly payment.
Predatory lenders make money by charging excessive fees every time they refinance the loan.
Predatory lenders prey on the elderly with equity in their homes.
Predatory lenders provide high-cost loans to borrowers who they know qualify for conventional loans.
Predatory lenders thrive on taking advantage of people who have little choice - no alternative.
Some predatory lenders forge loan documents.
Some predatory lenders make loans to homeowners who are clearly mentally incapacitated.
Predatory lending is a civil rights issue.
Predatory lending is a critical issue.
Predatory lending is a form of legalized loan sharking.
Predatory lending is a form of sub-prime lending.
Predatory lending is a growing threat to communities.
Predatory lending is a real problem that needs to be addressed in a realistic way.
Predatory lending is an abuse of subprime lending.
Predatory lending is economic rape.
Predatory lending is intended to achieve abnormally high returns by taking advantage of consumers.
Predatory lending is made possible by inadequate information.
Predatory lending is the redlining of the new millennium.
Predatory lending is wrong.
Predatory lending represents a frontal assault on homeowners all across America.
Predatory lending takes many forms and reaches many markets.
Predatory loans tend to have higher interest rates and fees than conventional bank loans.
Predatory loggers prey upon civil unrest and economic deprivation.
Predatory mammals roam earth.
Predatory mites prey on insects.
Predatory play is an integral part of feline play behavior and early learning.
Predatory pricing is a strategy whereby prices are set below costs to drive out competitors.
Predatory pricing is distinguishable from competitive pricing.
All predatory rapists are serial rapists.
Some predatory reptiles stalk their prey, whereas others wait in ambush.
Predatory response includes alarm calls and frantic fluttering.
Predatory societies lack the time, energy or inclination to overcome such things.
Some predatory species use bioluminescence to lure prey.
Predatory thrips are tiny, slender, black insects that can be locally important mite predators.
Predatory tunicates go through life.
Most predatory tunicates go through life.
Predatory wasps consume insects.
Predatory wasps consume other insects.
Predatory wasps eat the pupae of several species of filth breeding flies.
Many predatory wasps can carry prey bigger than themselves.
Predefined areas are county, municipality, parish, map sheet.
All predefined constants are of type integer.
Predefined layouts know about the proper paper size.
Predefined macros are also useful for debugging portable code.
Some predefined macros have arguments.
All predefined operations are also commutative.
Predefined reports are available in both tabular and graphical formats.
All predefined reports appear as hyperlinks attached to the description of the database they use.
Predefined searches save the time and trouble of typing in the search terms every single time.
Predefined Sets are available.
Some predefined streams are cin and cout .
Predental education emphasizes coursework in the sciences.
Predental education includes courses in both the sciences and humanities.
Predental students refer to the handbook throughout the year.
Predental students undergo the same process as premedical students.
Predental students work for the project processing paperwork and helping with equipment.
Many predental students choose to take extra courses to complete a major in biology or chemistry.
Most predental students complete a bachelor s degree entering dental school.
Most predental students complete a bachelor's degree before entering dental school.
Predeployment activity provides the foundation for subsequent force projection operations.
Predestination has to do with questions regarding salvation.
Predestination has to do with salvation.
Predestination has to do with saved people only.
Predestination is a good word.
Predestination is a rich doctrine of practical faith.
Predestination is a solid doctrine backed up in many different places.
Predestination is a very difficult theological issue.
Predestination is also a very hopeful and encouraging truth.
Predestination is also extremely logical.
Predestination is clearly a topic worthy of our reflection.
Predestination is destiny.
Predestination is elaborated on.
Predestination is fate
Predestination is fundamentally paradoxical.
Predestination is implied.
Predestination is no different.
Predestination is prevalent in the minds of a large portion of the inmate population.
Predestination is the basis for dealing with suffering.
Predestination is the basis for godly ministry, evangelism and prayer.
Predestination is the destiny of man planned in advance.
Predestination is the sine qua non of assurance .
Predestination is therefore a useful guide to Christian maturity.
Predestination is thus an important basis for cooperation in ministry.
Predestination is unworkable as an answer for oh so many reasons.
Predestination is, indeed, a Biblical doctrine.
Predestination literally means to make certain or to secure someone's destiny beforehand.
Predestination looks forward to our destiny.
A predetermination is a conclusion
Predetermination also applies to outpatient foot surgery.
Predetermination takes the place of honest inquiry and truth is suppressed.
Predeterminations are decisions.
Predeterminations are determination.
Predeterminations usually take about three weeks.
Predetermined days sets a specific date for the match.
Predetermined effects are usually crutches.
Predetermined outlines tend to work best, especially if they contain clearly defined headings.
Predevelopment conferences are useful and are encouraged to streamline processing.
Predicate adjectives are the easy ones.
A predicate calculus is formal logic
Predicate calculus is discussed.
Predicate completion is a non-monotonic logic technique.
Predicate logic can break sentences down into their subjects and predicates.
Predicate logic is a more general formalism with more expressive power.
Predicate logic is a precise logical system developed to formally express mathematical reasoning.
Predicate logic is consequently semidecidable.
Predicate logic is more complicated, and it includes sentential logic as a part.
Predicate logic says calculate the point to be at to catch the ball .
Predicate logic says calculate the point to be at to catch the ball.
Predicate nominatives can lead to some confusion when determining the true subject.
Predicate schemas represent the links between the lexical macrostructure and individual lexemes.
Predicate values have many usages.
Predicate values have no persistent representation.
A predicate is a term
Predicates are arbitrary sargable predicates .
Predicates are boolean expressions.
Predicates are one of two main components of a sentence.
Predicates are one-bit values and are stored in the predicate register file.
Predicates are phrases.
Predicates are relationships.
Predicates are terms.
Predicates beginning with Is finally have a question-mark appended.
Predicates Click on the banner to return to the class reference home page.
Predicates comprise a verb with whatever modifiers or complements accompany it.
Predicates have the advantage that they can concisely characterize an infinite state space.
Predicates return nil for false.
Predicates start in the first column by convention.
Any predicate defined in the files erases any clauses for that predicate already present.
Many predicates are action verbs.
Many predicates terminate under such weak assumptions.
Most predicates relate to description of the world.
Some predicates are world-building.
Some predicates require more than one argument.
A predication is a declaration
Predication can remove many branches and reduce mispredicts significantly.
Predication is a process moving from a wider to a narrower context of meaning.
Predication is a universal process.
Predication occurs by means of propositions.
Predication refers to the way in which the subject and the verb interact.
Predications are for faster than average growth.
Predicative knowledge is a more restricted form of knowledge than propositional knowledge.
Predictability becomes identity.
Predictability breeds turnovers.
Predictability builds trust as well as a sense of control.
Predictability can take many different forms.
Predictability Consider the automotive example given above.
Predictability detracts from the suspense, frequently making the game repetitive and boring.
Predictability ends up being both the virtue and weakness of such entertainment.
Predictability ensures completing inventories in a timely and efficient manner.
Predictability goes against Die Hard With a Vengeance.
Predictability goes more or less out the window.
Predictability helps kids feel secure.
Predictability increases the likelihood of a smooth transition to the meal.
Predictability is a gift to children with alcohol-related birth defects.
Predictability is a goal of all arts and sciences.
Predictability is a powerful aid to information access.
Predictability is a thing of the past.
Predictability is also another characteristic of printed text.
Predictability is another word that indicates that a system is efficient.
Predictability is as important as speed.
Predictability is assured only by conformance to standards.
Predictability is assured, since the same data is used for each printer.
Predictability is certainty
Predictability is certainty.
Predictability is critical.
Predictability is dead and change is the only constant in our lives.
Predictability is especially applicable to films based on true stories, historical events, etc.
Predictability is essential to forestry businesses and everyone dependent on the forest economy.
Predictability is essential to stable and productive business operations.
Predictability is favored over mere surmise in the valuation of marital property.
Predictability is good.
Predictability is important to a sense of justice as well as to economic decision-making.
Predictability is important.
Predictability is key to cost-effective performance improvements.
Predictability is key.
Predictability is likely to be linked to the state of the economy.
Predictability is limited to early results.
Predictability is nice, but fleeting.
Predictability is one of the things investors and analysts, and consequently CEOs, want most.
Predictability is one problem.
Predictability is out the window.
Predictability is something to avoid.
Predictability is sort of like reliability.
Predictability is still the reason sitcoms draw big audiences and big advertising dollars.
Predictability is the big plus.
Predictability is the death of contemporary dance.
Predictability is the hallmark of women's collegiate rowing.
Predictability is valued.
Predictability is what it seeks.
Predictability is, well, boredom.
Predictability leads to pressure.
Predictability leads to stability in a child's life.
Predictability makes it possible to explain and understand behavior .
Predictability makes it possible to explain and understand behavior.
Predictability means a solid customer base, good brands and regular earnings.
Predictability means being consistent and predictable in daily affairs both expressed and implied.
Predictability means better planning and more efficient use of resources by all.
Predictability means that a tool is user-friendly.
Predictability modulates human brain response to reward.
Predictability needs more improvement, but the door is open for the reversal of presbyopia.
Predictability pulls Where the Heart Is down in a big way.
Predictability reduces the severity of the stress.
Predictability reduces uncertainty, making use of resources more efficient.
Predictability seems to decrease in more recent years.
Predictability works wonderfully when it is telegraphed by genius.
Predictable books allow children to anticipate which words come next.
Predictable books have many other uses as well.
Predictable childhoods are a thing of the past.
Much predictable confusion follows.
Predictable costs mean an agency can use operating funds rather than capital dollars.
Predictable Embezzlements are rhythmic, cyclic and predictable crimes.
Most predictable events revolve around the weather.
Predictable factors influence the size of population.
Predictable funding is essential for our work.
Predictable needs are capital appreciation or investment planning.
Predictable performance is useful.
Predictable results are the result of careful market planning and clear budgeting.
Predictable revenue provides for predictable cost.
Predictable signature calls from characters, cheerful background music.
Predicted demand is based on a model driven by survey results.
Predicted distributions fail for several reasons.
Predicted rates are federal funds futures.
Predicted signals agree well with the experimental ones, which validates our analysis.
Predicted values are higher than experimentally observed, but the trend is correct.
Predicted velocities are consistently low even if the shear modulus is used.
Prediction methods yield accurate results.
Prediction methods yield results.
Prediction models based on dissipated energy approach to fatigue are also available.
All prediction models have a hard time with tropical cyclones.
A prediction is reasoning
Prediction allows students to guess about the ongoing plot of the story.
Prediction arises in many other contexts as well.
Prediction becomes impossible.
Prediction can make proofreading difficult.
Prediction can mean at least one of two things.
Prediction can work hand in hand with segmentation.
Prediction extends beyond conditions used to validate the model.
Prediction following identification depends on the placement of price within the underlying trend.
Prediction is a necessary component of scientific method.
Prediction is a pre-reading skill that helps with comprehension when the child begins to read.
Prediction is a risky business.
Prediction is a search for laws on which to base a forecast.
Prediction is a similar, but more general term.
Prediction is a skill taught usually in science and reading lessons.
Prediction is a tool.
Prediction is a tough business.
Prediction is a very illusive thing.
Prediction is always a hazardous business.
Prediction is always difficult, especially of the future.
Prediction is an important comprehension skill for independent reading.
Prediction is an important science skill.
Prediction is based in chaos theory and neural networks.
Prediction is based on knowledge.
Prediction is based on the analysis of feature frequencies .
Prediction is based solely on the previous behavior of the system.
Prediction is based upon information learned from the research but has some minor inconsistencies.
Prediction is based upon word commonality, or frequency of use in a users vocabulary.
Prediction is bound to be imprecise.
Prediction is central to the scientific method.
Prediction is clearly the key to autonomy.
Prediction is described as the hook that gets the students invested in the study.
Prediction is difficult, expecially with respect to the future.
Prediction is difficult, goes the joke, especially when it comes to the future.
Prediction is difficult.
Prediction is extremely difficult.
Prediction is folly.
Prediction is futile - and unavoidably necessary.
Prediction is general with few details or facts.
Prediction is hard.
Prediction is important since any selection decision can result in four possible outcomes.
Prediction is impossible without both a hypothesized law and a hypothesized initial state.
Prediction is impossible.
Prediction is less powerful than careful observation, however.
Prediction is logical and consistent with information learned from the research.
Prediction is made by direct comparison to calibration.
Prediction is merely the test of understanding and control the practical reward.
Prediction is one thing, and actually getting the predicted results is another.
Prediction is only one element of interactive competition.
Prediction is possible only within a system in a state of statistical control.
Prediction is possible.
Prediction is recorded.
Prediction is risen daily as the river starts to enlarge.
Prediction is supported.
Prediction is the business of prophets, clairvoyants, and futurologists.
Prediction is the child of prophecy.
Prediction is the core of reading.
Prediction is the explicit goal of inferential statistics.
Prediction is the final laziness.
Prediction is the first step in method development.
Prediction is the murky province of fools.
Prediction is the same as for a ternary compound of chlorine, phosphorus and oxygen.
Prediction is the use of knowledge to identify and explain observations, or changes, in advance.
Prediction is used in signal encoding and noise reduction.
Prediction is useful from the simplest to the most complex tasks.
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future .
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
Prediction is very difficult, even for experts.
Prediction is weak and inconclusive.
Prediction is well organized, logical and based on researched facts.
Prediction isa cognition.
Prediction isa knowledge.
Prediction refers to self-analysis and mental conditioning.
Prediction remains as difficult as ever.
Prediction slows the subjective story.
Predictions abound today every time a certain constellation appears in the sky.
Predictions account for channel depths and are tailored for specific ships.
Predictions agree with measured data.
Predictions are a different matter.
Predictions are a whole different ball game.
Predictions are ahead of schedule.
Predictions are all over the place too.
Predictions are always difficult, and no less in a new field of law.
Predictions are always fascinating, and here is a collection with special appeal.
Predictions are always hazardous, and especially so in dealing with new issues of new technologies.
Predictions are always risky.
Predictions are always subject to errors.
Predictions are always tricky, especially about the future.
Predictions are broadly consistent with experimental data.
Predictions are deducible from models.
Predictions are difficult, especially of the future.
Predictions are difficult.
Predictions are easier than ever.
Predictions are educated guesses.
Predictions are for a winter like last year which had great high wind sailing in the mountains.
Predictions are for an active hurricane season in the Atlantic for the coming year.
Predictions are for crisp, autumn-like temperatures.
Predictions are for more precipitation in northern Canada and less in the south.
Predictions are for the third best corn crop in history.
Predictions are generous.
Predictions are given by science or fortune tellers or horoscopes .
Predictions are given by science or fortune tellers or horoscopes.
Predictions are hazardous.
Predictions are how theories are tested.
Predictions are just one person's best guess.
Predictions are made both aboard and back in the world.
Predictions are merely possibilities, potentials, at any moment.
Predictions are more common nowadays than remedies.
Predictions are most useful if they can go beyond simple forecast.
Predictions are no more than educated guesses.
Predictions are often wrong.
Predictions are overwhelmingly positive.
Predictions are plentiful and arbitrary at best.
Predictions are reasoning.
Predictions are rife and range from planetary disaster to peace and prosperity for all.
Predictions are risky, but two things are certain.
Predictions are risky.
Predictions are so absurd that one forecasts the flooding of Death Valley.
Predictions are statements.
Predictions are still part of a good psychic reading.
Predictions are that the situation can only worsen during year.
Predictions are that things are likely to get worse.
Predictions are to be made only within the range of observed values of the predictor variable.
Predictions are tough, especially about the future.
Predictions are tough, especially in the technology business.
Predictions are usually more informative in retrospect.
Predictions are, in principle, verifiable.
Predictions base on climate change scenarios.
Predictions base on hypotheses.
Predictions base on initial observations.
Predictions base on knowledge.
Predictions base on observations.
Predictions base on scenarios.
Predictions base on theories.
Predictions based on a sample are uncertain.
Predictions based only on the observed numbers of disease cases are generally very inaccurate.
Predictions become embarrassments but are called steps in learning.
Predictions become more complicated when they take other greenhouse gases into account.
Predictions brings together the thoughts of thirty of the world's most distinguished minds.
Predictions call for a colder than usual winter for Lewis County.
Predictions call for an active hurricane season in the Atlantic Ocean.
Predictions call for anything from blood to copper.
Predictions can also win or lose points for the fighter.
Predictions can be for a hurricane of the past or for one that is happening right now.
Predictions can be the most devastating criticism.
Predictions differ from r-K selection.
Predictions emerge from the hypothesis.
Predictions fluctuate like a meteorologist's wind gauge.
Predictions follow from planning with hypothesis.
Predictions Have a look at the weekend's tips.
Predictions have a tendency to be self-fulfilling.
Predictions have uncertainty.
Predictions include information.
Predictions invite the orderly gathering of evidence for a specific purpose.
Predictions involve concepts.
Predictions involve mathematical concepts.
Predictions is an optional list of x values at which the least squares function is to be evaluated.
Predictions is to be used for entertainment purposes only.
Predictions just aren t in order.
Predictions Let's tell the future Let's see how it's been done.
Predictions made with fracture mechanics are usually trendwise correct.
Predictions play a major role in science because they provide a way to test ideas.
Predictions point to dry weather in the months ahead.
Predictions provide a reference point for the scientist.
Predictions range far and wide.
Predictions range from catastrophic to casual.
Predictions range from failure of computer systems to minor inconveniences.
Predictions range from isolated, annoying glitches to catastrophic failures.
Predictions range from the end of the world to a small hiccup.
Predictions range from the relatively minor to the apocalyptic.
Predictions range wildly.
Predictions really help the reader because they structure what can be a very complicated write-up.
Predictions show both direction and magnitude.
Predictions show patterns.
Predictions Start a new thread for each prediction.
Predictions start from the N-terminal side.
Predictions still abound for deferred problems.
Predictions support hypotheses.
Predictions support notions.
Predictions support the status quo.
Predictions take a few moments to calculate - please be patient.
Predictions take a few moments to calculate, please be patient.
Predictions tend to support a drastic reduction in siblings after the baby boom.
Predictions vary on the potential fallout.
Predictions vary widely from delay and inconvenience, to worldwide recession.
Predictions usually fail.
All predictions are independent of the probability of mating first or second.
All predictions rely on accurate birth data.
All predictions suggest that it is the sixth generation that faces the largest challenges.
Any prediction is sure to be risky.
Many predictions are still valid.
Many predictions contradict the augury of others.
Most predictions are one to two orders of magnitude too conservative.
Most predictions are worth a dime a dozen.
Most predictions have uncertainty.
Most predictions involve concepts.
Most predictions involve mathematical concepts.
Most predictions rely on an analysis of trends.
Most predictions seem pretty straightforward.
Most predictions show patterns.
Most predictions support hypotheses.
Most predictions support notions.
Some predictions are easy to make.
Some predictions are formed using sophisticated methods, others are simply someone's best guess.
Some predictions are strange, some are wishful thinking, and some are downright daffy.
Some predictions are true.
Some predictions derive from rules.
Some predictions guide policy.
Some predictions have seasonal variation.
Some predictions have strong seasonal variation.
Some predictions have strong variation.
Some predictions have variation.
Some predictions indicate salinity.
Some predictions make predictions.
SOME predictions seem self-evident.
Some predictions teach students.
Some predictions turn out to be right, some wrong.
Some predictions use mathematics.
Predictive computer based models provide the only reasonable alternative to direct experimentation.
Predictive diagnosis can prevent the emergence of problems.
Predictive elements are largely absent from such decisions.
Predictive ephemeris reports, logs, and data files.
Predictive factors are measures associated with the response to a specific therapy.
Predictive factors can help to personalize cancer pain management.
Predictive features reveal international flashpoints before they hit the headlines.
Predictive inference is also obtainable easily.
Most Predictive Insiders Look for buyers having a high positive avg.
Predictive maintenance costs more, but offers disaster prevention.
Predictive maintenance is an important component of the optimization criteria.
Predictive maintenance is integrated as a practical system to anticipate equipment failure.
Predictive maintenance is one of the key attributes of such systems.
Predictive medicine promises to decrease the cost and time involved in bringing new drugs to market.
Predictive models are helpful and are a good start to solving the problem.
Predictive models are only of some use because no two projects are the same.
Predictive models build purchasing situation profiles that indicate possible credit card fraud.
Predictive models exist now, a priori .
Predictive orbit is received at the Experimenters' Operations Facility five weeks in advance.
Predictive power Makes few controversial assumptions.
Predictive samples receive a general interpretation without regard for site-specific details.
Predictive skill is a strong function of event type and the space and time scale of the prediction.
Predictive software uses current and past events to forecast future actions.
Predictive sound signals a future happening.
Predictive tasks entail checking items or components if something is failing.
Predictive techniques are futile.
Most predictive techniques are also descriptive, whereas some techniques are purely descriptive.
Predictive testing is possible 'in the autosomal dominant genes linked to early-onset families.
Predictive testing using DNA analysis is also available.
Predictive validity involves estimating a future criterion.
Predictive validity is often unimpressive.
Predictive value depends on the prevalence of the disease in the group or population being studied.
Predictive value gives the probability of the disease state once the patient s test result is known.
Predictive value is related to the sensitivity and specificity of the test.
Predictive values vary with the prevalence of disease and with specificity.
A predictor is a seer
Predictor is a turnkey, remotely monitored, local atmospheric modeling service for broadcasters.
Predictor uses linear combination of previously encoded neighbors.
Predictors are computers.
Predictors are information.
Predictors are the predictands themselves at earlier times.
Predictors can be nominal or ordinal and there is usually provision for a missing-value category.
Predictors enter linearly.
Predisposition isa condition.
Predisys customers are leaders in their field of business.
A prednisolone is a glucocorticoid
Prednisolone acetate ophthalmic and topical dosage forms.
Prednisolone improves the response to primary endocrine treatment for advanced breast cancer.
Prednisolone reduces the amount of potassium in the blood.
Prednisolones are glucocorticoids.
A prednisone is a glucocorticoid
Prednisone can be a very good drug, but it has a number of side effects.
Prednisone can be hard on the stomach.
Prednisone can be helpful in shortening the course of a bad outbreak.
Prednisone can be useful in patients with pseudogout.
Prednisone can cause fluid retention.
Prednisone can cause mood swings.
Prednisone can cause stomach problems, mood swings, and sleep problems.
Prednisone can cause stomach problems, sleep problems, and mood swings.
Prednisone can cause weight gain, high blood pressure , and osteoporosis .
Prednisone can cause weight gain, weakened bones, and mood swings.
Prednisone can increase blood sugar levels.
Prednisone can literally be life saver for some people.
Prednisone can promote personality changes.
Prednisone causes the blood vessel walls to become very fragile.
Prednisone decreases bone synthesis and increases bone breakdown.
Prednisone does appear in breast milk in small amounts.
Prednisone does appear to be one of the more difficult pills.
Prednisone does increase appetite.
Prednisone has many uses.
Prednisone has significant side effects, and, therefore, it is usually used for short periods.
Prednisone helps substantially.
Prednisone increases the appetite.
Prednisone irritates the adrenal glands and other organs.
Prednisone is a common generic name.
Prednisone is a corticosteroid drug that suppresses the immune system.
Prednisone is a corticosteroid that helps prevent and treat rejection of a transplanted organ.
Prednisone is a corticosteroid that is often used to treat lupus.
Prednisone is a corticosteroid, a group of drugs that are potent anti-inflammatory agents.
Prednisone is a corticosteroid, the most potent class of anti-inflammatory medication in use.
Prednisone is a corticosteroid.
Prednisone is a cortisone drug.
Prednisone is a cortisone-like medication that is taken for several reasons.
Prednisone is a generic drug.
Prednisone is a glucocorticoid steroid used to treat pemphigus.
Prednisone is a hormone, affecting all body symptoms.
Prednisone is a man-made corticosteroid that is used to suppress the immune system.
Prednisone is a steroid drug.
Prednisone is a steroid which long term has several side effects.
Prednisone is a steroid.
Prednisone is a steroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
Prednisone is a strong, potent drug.
Prednisone is a synthetic form of cortisone.
Prednisone is a type of steroid and is often associated with several side effects.
Prednisone is a white to practically white, odorless, crystalline powder.
Prednisone is a wonderful drug, if used correctly.
Prednisone is an anti-inflammatory drug that is prescribed to patients of sarcoidosis.
Prednisone is an excellent steroidal anti-inflammatory.
Prednisone is anathema to holistic vets.
Prednisone is available as tablets and liquids to be taken by mouth.
Prednisone is discontinued when serum IgE levels have fallen to normal or declined substantially.
Prednisone is effective for the systemic symptoms and can thwart progression of the vasculitis.
Prednisone is fairly inexpensive.
Prednisone is from the steroid family of drugs and inhibits the body's immune system.
Prednisone is given as a shot.
Prednisone is given initially at high doses.
Prednisone is in a class of drugs called steroids.
Prednisone is indicated for cluster headaches.
Prednisone is know to increase blood glucoses.
Prednisone is no exception.
Prednisone is of course the steroid suppose to decrease the swelling of the nerve.
Prednisone is one type of glucocorticoid.
Prednisone is probably the corticosteroid most often prescribed today.
Prednisone is similar to hydrocortisone, the natural glucocorticoid hormone produced by the body.
Prednisone is taken by mouth and produces more complaints than any other drug.
Prednisone is the agent most commonly used, however, several oral agents are available.
Prednisone is the first-line immunotherapeutic drug therapy.
Prednisone is the main steroid used in the treatment of colitis.
Prednisone is the most common corticosteroid used.
Prednisone is the most common prescribed medication.
Prednisone is the most commonly prescribed steroid.
Prednisone is the most commonly used agent.
Prednisone is the most commonly used steroid to treat certain rheumatic diseases.
Prednisone is the most commonly used type of steroid to treat certain rheumatic diseases.
Prednisone is the synthetic corticosteroid preparation most often used in the treatment of lupus.
Prednisone is used to stop the loss of protein from the blood into the urine.
Prednisone is used to treat a wide range of disorders such as asthma and arthritis.
Prednisone is used to treat many different conditions.
Prednisone is used to treat many illnesses.
Prednisone is usually the first drug used.
Prednisone is very effective treatment.
Prednisone is very inexpensive and comes in both small dosage pill and liquid forms.
Prednisone is very similar to the hormone cortisone, which the body manufactures.
Prednisone passes into breast milk.
Prednisone seems to be the most widely used of the steroids by most physicians.
Prednisone suppresses inflammation in a blanket fashion.
Prednisone suppresses muscle inflammation and the normal immune response.
Prednisone suppresses the immune system, helping to prevent red blood cell destruction.
Prednisone suppresses the immune system.
Prednisone suppresses the production of antibodies.
Prednisone taking orally is a great sleep inhibitor.
Prednisone worsens the prognosis.
Prednisones are corticosteroids.
Prednisones are drugs.
Prednisone often causes stomach upset as well as gastric or duodenal ulcers.
Prednisone sometimes causes weight gain.
Prednisone usually brings about rapid improvement.
Predoctoral experience counts only if it was a formal requirement of the doctoral program.
All predoctoral fellows are candidates for the Ph.D. degree in pathology.
Predoctoral fellowships are also available on a competitive basis.
Predoctoral fellowships have no service payback obligation.
Predoctoral investigators are also eligible to apply.
Predoctoral investigators are also eligible.
Predoctoral students are eligible.
Predoctoral students have a research requirement and many go far past the basic level.
Predoctoral students take a core program in the basic sciences and toxicology.
Predoctoral trainees complete an independent research experiment and write a dissertation.
Predominant aspects are northerly and southerly.
Predominant colors are bay, chestnut, brown, palomino, piebald, and skewbald.
Predominant colors are blue, gray and white.
Predominant colors are green and columbine red.
Predominant colors are sorrels, bays or browns.
Predominant ducks are mallards, gadwalls, shovelers, and green-winged teals.
Predominant flavors are fennel and anise.
Predominant genus refers to the most abundant genus in the cover type description.
Predominant height is the preferred stand height parameter in many even-aged forests.
Predominant languages are English and French.
Predominant location is on middle or proximal portion of leaflet or cusps.
Predominant markets are Europe, North America and Australia.
Predominant morbidity is a result of hemorrhage into various tissues.
Predominant programs are a crucial part of energetic healing.
Predominant rocks are Precambrian metasedimentary of the Belt supergroup.
Predominant symptom is intense pruritus.
Predominant use is a GTRN attribute.
Predominant values are between the mid four hundreds and the high six hundreds.
Predominant values range from the mid four hundreds to the low seven hundreds.
Predominant values tend to be between the low four hundreds and the mid seven hundreds.
Predominant values tend to be between the low three hundreds and the mid fives.
Predominant vegetation consists of coastal meadows and includes, reedbeds, forests, and cropland.
Predominant vegetation includes oaks, pines, and wild grasses.
Predominant vegetation is grass and prairie communities.
Predominant vegetation is pine forest with sections cleared for agriculture.
Predominant vegetation is pinyon and juniper with interspersed sagebrush parks.
Predominate fish are black and brown bullheads.
Predrilled holes make installation easy.
A preeclampsia is toxaemia
Preeclampsia affects the placenta, and it can affect the mother's kidney, liver, and brain.
Preeclampsia can range from mild to severe, and is treatable.
Preeclampsia has no known cure.
Preeclampsia is a condition that generally begins sometime after the twentieth week of pregnancy.
Preeclampsia is a dangerous condition for both mother and unborn child.
Preeclampsia is a disease of pregnancy that is only cured by delivery.
Preeclampsia is a disease which strikes mothers during pregnancy.
Preeclampsia is a multisystemic disorder of unknown etiology.
Preeclampsia is a precursor to eclampsia, a potentially fatal complication of pregnancy.
Preeclampsia is a pregnancy-specific multisystem disorder of unknown etiology.
Preeclampsia is a serious condition, and the only effective treatment is delivery of the infant.
Preeclampsia is a significant problem especially when it forces delivery of a premature fetus.
Preeclampsia is a syndrome that is poorly understood.
Preeclampsia is associated with reduced serum levels of placenta growth factor.
Preeclampsia is characterized by high blood pressure, swelling, and protein found in the urine.
Preeclampsia is divided into mild and severe forms.
Preeclampsia is high blood pressure during pregnancy.
Preeclampsia is one of the leading causes of premature birth.
Preeclampsia is still one of the leading causes of maternal mortality.
Preeclampsia is toxemia without the presence of seizures.
Preeclampsia limits blood flow to the placenta and the fetus.
Preeclampsia occurs without warning in up to five percent of all pregnant women.
Preeclampsia puts unborn children and their mothers at risk.
Preeclampsia temporarily affects blood vessels the same way that heart disease does.
Preeclampsia often recurs in later pregnancies.
Preemergent herbicides are to prevent the seeds from sprouting.
A preemie is a newborn baby
Preemies also have low red blood cell production.
Preemies are also notoriously sleepy feeders.
Preemies are generally thin, underweight, and fragile.
Preemies are often slower to respond with positive feedback.
Preemies are premature babies who are born too soon.
Preemies are streaky and very soft.
Preemies are very unstable during their first days of life.
Preemies have immature bowels.
Preemies have too few red blood cells.
Preemies normally have bursts of big breaths followed by periods of shallow breathing or pauses.
Preemies react in different ways to different kinds of touch.
Preemies require blind faith, while most men prefer to deal in cold hard facts.
Preemies require careful monitoring.
Preemies require nurturing, which many men are just plain incapable of.
Preemies sleep a lot.
Preemies often are at high risk of developmental problems.
All preemies are skinny.
Some preemies grow well on their mother's milk alone.
Preemption law forbids local governments from enacting gun laws that are stricter than state law.
Preemption laws guarantee statewide uniformity in gun laws and eliminate a web of local regulations.
Preemption can currently occur at any scheme-level function call or backward branch.
Preemption can happen at any time.
Preemption can occur when tasks run at different priorities or time-slicing is enabled.
Preemption clauses in smoke free indoor air laws also vary widely.
Preemption is a complex legal matter which can only be finally determined by court decisions.
Preemption is a principle
Preemption is appropriations.
Preemption is legal principles.
Preemption is legal rights.
Preemption is less complex than is claimed in all email-responses.
Preemption is outlined as a strong and important strategy by the industry.
Preemption is rights.
Preemption is the transfer from normal operations of signals to a special control mode.
Preemption is the wise policy of insisting that gun laws be uniform across the state.
Preemptions can either be express or implied.
Some preemptive provisions are very narrow.
A preemptive right is a right
Preemptive rights let common shareholders buy new shares of stock before non-stockholders.
Preemptive schedulers give a certain time-slice to all threads running on the system.
Preemptive scheduling is supported by the OS kernel.
Preemptive strike are what terrorists and criminals use.
Preemptive testing is essential for web-based applications.
Preen oil keeps feathers supple, and in many species helps assure water repellency.
Preexperimental designs lack random assignment to the program group and the control group.
Preexposure prophylaxis is administered for several reasons.
Preexposure prophylaxis is given for several reasons.
A prefab is a structure
Prefabs are just models created with the Radiant editor just the same as basic architechture.
Prefabs are property of each individual author.
Prefabs are structures.
Prefabricated buildings are a smart, fast option for a congregation that needs housing.
Prefabricated buildings are actually brick-laminated panels that are put together.
Prefabricated chimneys are efficient and easy to install.
Prefabricated components are interchangable to fit wide range of patient population.
Prefabricated custom assemblies for the potable and wastewater process industries.
Prefabricated elements are the optimal answer to the demand for freedom of design.
Prefabricated fireplaces are engineered systems tested and listed from the firebox to the rain cap.
Prefabricated graph is included.
Prefabricated houses provide better living conditions than tents.
Prefabricated ideas are cheap and easy.
Prefabricated modules are also an option for smaller rehearsal spaces.
Prefabricated outriggers simplify fabrication of custom fit dynamic hand splints.
Prefabricated pools are available in a wide variety of shapes and sizes.
Prefabrication here saves installation time.
Prefabrication is a manufacturing
Prefabrication is concieved and used.
Prefabrication is fabrications.
Prefabrication shortens construction time, reducing labor and financing costs.
A preface is an introduction
Preface gives historical overview and definition of Native American art.
Preface Includes the testimony of eleven men who saw the golden plates.
Preface is in English and German.
Preface provides a useful overview of drug nomenclature.
Preface Think in anticipation, today for tomorrow, and indeed, for many days.
Prefaces are another stumbling-block.
A prefect is an executive
Prefects are administrators.
Prefects befriend, guide and inform students.
Prefects never respond.
Prefects submit daily written reports to the Dean of Students.
Prefects walk through the dorm during study hall and are available to assist students.
Prefectural governments provide food sanitation training courses for food handlers.
Prefectural governments review medical care plans, if necessary.
A prefecture is a position
Prefecture is now one of the leading centers of pearl production in the world.
Prefectures are positions.
Prefectures are states.
Prefectures are the governmental bodies of Japan which are larger than cities, towns, and villages.
Every prefecture has a specialty, with pottery common to all.
Prefer bachelors degree in recreation and experience.
Prefer candidate be knowledgeable about hunting issues.
Prefer candidates have knowledge of molecular biology and infectious diseases.
Prefer habitats consist of coastal water.
Prefer habitats consist of water.
Prefer habitats include areas.
Prefer habitats include fields.
Prefer habitats include shelter areas.
Prefer habitats include water.
Prefer habitats include woodlands.
Prefer habitats provide adequate food.
Prefer habitats provide food.
Most prefer habitats provide adequate food.
Most prefer habitats provide food.
Prefer nest sites include grassland.
Preferable water is free from contamination, but still contains a natural mineral balance.
Preferably committees have three advisors.
Preferably marshals are somewhat knowledgeable of the game.
Preferably video recorded, audio recording is acceptable.
Prefered habitat is dry sclerophyll forest with open grassland clearings.
Prefered habitats tend to be brackish waters, but are also seen on inland lakes and rivers.
Prefered method is to shake in a brown bag.
Preference falsification distorts human knowledge and hides political possibilities.
Preference relations serve to establish an intervention goal of agent.
Most preference shares are irredeemable.
Preference voting allows voters to rank candidates on the ballot so fewer votes are wasted.
Preference voting is ideal for non-partisan elections like city councils.
Preference are available on Skin Deep .
Preference can also be a factor in the decision of which ring to purchase.
Preference can take many forms, depending on state law.
Preference corrupts the society at large.
Preference creates the sale.
Preference depends primarily on the software available to the user.
Preference give to non-traditional students and New Mexico residents.
Preference give to undergraduate applicants with good academic standing.
Preference goes to a female minority individual.
Preference goes to a female minority student.
Preference goes to a southeastern Ohio student with a good academic record.
Preference goes to applicants who have already held positions in other outdoor organizations.
Preference goes to applicants with prior work experience or community service.
Preference goes to applications for seed money.
Preference goes to first year students.
Preference goes to projects which provide leverage for other funding sources.
Preference goes to siblings to help keep families together.
Preference goes to siblings to keep families together.
Preference goes to students specializing in local government.
Preference goes to students specializing in technology and public policy.
Preference goes to studies with general application to the field.
Preference goes to two, three or more day events around a theme or a musician.
Preference is a tendency
Preference is a VA approved lender.
Preference is advantage.
Preference is as above.
Preference is before labor day.
Preference is desires or propensities than an individual possesses.
Preference is directed toward field-based studies.
Preference is electronically, to avoid the resolution having to be retyped.
Preference is for a batting allrounder who bowls spin.
Preference is for a coarse pulp.
Preference is for a cord or a pin, unless only a medallion on a ribbon is available.
Preference is for a darker eye though lighter shades of brown are acceptable.
Preference is for a formal minor or concentration.
Preference is for a full-time position.
Preference is for a scholar in contemporary American social sciences research.
Preference is for a Southeast location.
Preference is for an individual able to develop courses in technical and professional writing.
Preference is for an official government internet sites where available.
Preference is for candidates who live in and know East Bay and South Bay territories.
Preference is for candidates whose research interests complement current areas.
Preference is for candidates with a career interest in clinical pharmacy.
Preference is for designers with built projects.
Preference is for digital receipt.
Preference is for donations to be in the form of checks.
Preference is for dry soil conditions.
Preference is for early starters due to the onset of the busy breeding season.
Preference is for electrical or mechanical braking, although wind-braking is probably adequate.
Preference is for full page or half page advertisements.
Preference is for full-time appointments, to teach one or two courses in each quarter.
Preference is for graduate students.
Preference is for lower risk.
Preference is for main-campus salaries only, omitting law and medical libraries.
Preference is for personal experience pieces.
Preference is for positive microfiche for new materials.
Preference is for projects with more substantial improvements towards safety.
Preference is for purchase of the entire system.
Preference is for research on threatened or endangered species.
Preference is for rising juniors or rising seniors.
Preference is for theoretical work and numerical modeling of antennas on computers.
Preference is give to a student returning to school who heads a household.
Preference is give to applicants with experience working with children.
Preference is give to conferences that include strong international representation.
Preference is give to the children living in the immediate school attendance area.
Preference is given first to California residents, then to other U.S. residents.
Preference is given first to student related activities.
Preference is given for candidates who are already in employment and sponsored by their employers.
Preference is given for employment of local villagers.
Preference is given for language study where letter grades are earned.
Preference is given for longer terms of study.
Preference is given for materials in good, usable condition.
Preference is given for pink.
Preference is given for volunteer service, legal or otherwise.
Preference is given for work experience.
Preference is given graduates from historically black colleges and universities.
Preference is given in some cases to members of the respective organizations and residency.
Preference is given in the area of treatment research, particularly efficacy and outcome studies.
Preference is given in the showhall to cats that are free of tabby markings on the chest and legs.
Preference is given scholars in the early phases of their academic careers.
Preference is given t o Erindale students.
Preference is given to a business major.
Preference is given to a collegian who is enrolled in a pharmacy curriculum.
Preference is given to a deep yellow gold.
Preference is given to a female student from the Midwest.
Preference is given to a female student in civil engineering.
Preference is given to a female, accounting major.
Preference is given to a food science major.
Preference is given to a freshman, but a community college transfer is acceptable.
Preference is given to a graduate of a high school in Rowan County and who plans to teach.
Preference is given to a graduate of a high school in Rowan County.
Preference is given to a math major.
Preference is given to a minority student.
Preference is given to a minority undergraduate student.
Preference is given to a Missouri resident from the Bates County.
Preference is given to a New Mexico resident.
Preference is given to a piano student.
Preference is given to a resident of Union County.
Preference is given to a single parent returning to school after an extended absence.
Preference is given to a Sociology major.
Preference is given to a sophomore, junior or senior.
Preference is given to a student demonstrating an interest in creative writing.
Preference is given to a student from the City of Nanaimo.
Preference is given to a student from the state of Kentucky.
Preference is given to a student in pediatric or neonatal nursing from Northwest Arkansas.
Preference is given to a student intending to study inorganic or analytical chemistry.
Preference is given to a student of color.
Preference is given to a student pursuing an instrumental music educator career.
Preference is given to a student specializing in operating room, recovery room, or surgical nursing.
Preference is given to a student specializing in the history of British Columbia.
Preference is given to a student studying English or Writing.
Preference is given to a student studying in an electrical or electronics curriculum.
Preference is given to a student that intends to make Maryland their domicile after graduation.
Preference is given to a student who works in the insurance industry.
Preference is given to a student with a demonstrated interest in the livestock industry.
Preference is given to a voice concentrator or, alternatively, to any member of the choir.
Preference is given to academic-year exchanges.
Preference is given to activies related to artistic development and performance.
Preference is given to activities that involve our youth.
Preference is given to advanced doctoral students, non-tenured faculty, and unaffiliated scholars.
Preference is given to African-American or other minority students.
Preference is given to African-American students and other students of color.
Preference is given to agencies that support employment in regular community jobs.
Preference is given to agriculture majors.
Preference is given to all eligible renewal applicants.
Preference is given to an African American student.
Preference is given to an applicant who is the son or daughter of immigrants.
Preference is given to an incoming freshman.
Preference is given to announcements with photographs.
Preference is given to applicants for the Ph.D. program.
Preference is given to applicants from Franklin County.
Preference is given to applicants from Minnesota.
Preference is given to applicants from the most modest financial circumstances.
Preference is given to applicants in the social sciences, economics, education, and public health.
Preference is given to applicants possessing a strong basic science and math background.
Preference is given to applicants sponsored by their employer organizations.
Preference is given to applicants that provide some matching funds or in- kind contributions.
Preference is given to applicants who are able to lead two or more programs sequentially.
Preference is given to applicants who are biology ma jors and minors.
Preference is given to applicants who are full time graduate or upper-division students.
Preference is given to applicants who are giving a presentation.
Preference is given to applicants who are legal residents of Mississippi.
Preference is given to applicants who are Mississippi residents.
Preference is given to applicants who are paraplegic or quadriplegic.
Preference is given to applicants who are preparing for a career in international relations.
Preference is given to applicants who are Presbyterian.
Preference is given to applicants who are registered environmental health specialists.
Preference is given to applicants who are residents of Iowa and the United States.
Preference is given to applicants who are solidly prepared, especially in mathematics.
Preference is given to applicants who can demonstrate a long-term commitment to public service.
Preference is given to applicants who demonstrate a clear commitment to public service.
Preference is given to applicants who demonstrate a serious commitment to the field of planning.
Preference is given to applicants who exceed the minimum.
Preference is given to applicants who fall into the federal priority categories.
Preference is given to applicants who have a physical disability.
Preference is given to applicants who have completed at least eight quarters.
Preference is given to applicants who have completed coursework and their comprehensive exams.
Preference is given to applicants who have had at least two years of professional experience.
Preference is given to applicants who have high potential for success in graduate study.
Preference is given to applicants who have one semester of coursework remaining.
Preference is given to applicants who have prior public sector work experience.
Preference is given to applicants who have received an invitation to participate.
Preference is given to applicants who intend to complete the Ph.D. degree.
Preference is given to applicants who plan a career in academic research and the professoriate.
Preference is given to applicants who plan a career in elementary or secondary education.
Preference is given to applicants who plan to study for an academic year.
Preference is given to applicants who pursue a career in research.
Preference is given to applicants who wish to pursue research .
Preference is given to applicants whose interests lie in the broad field of constitutionalism.
Preference is given to applicants whose work is focused on researching policy issues.
Preference is given to applicants with a university background.
Preference is given to applicants with demonstrated academic ability.
Preference is given to applicants with engineering and finance backgrounds.
Preference is given to applicants with experience in both large and small animal practices.
Preference is given to applicants with good academic records and previous field experience.
Preference is given to applicants with governmental or community service experience.
Preference is given to applicants with high scholastic standing who are residents of Iowa.
Preference is given to applicants with limited experience living abroad.
Preference is given to applicants with little or no previous international experience.
Preference is given to applicants with managerial or administrative experience.
Preference is given to applicants with practical experience in the health field.
Preference is given to applicants with previous health care industry experience.
Preference is given to applicants with relevant management experience.
Preference is given to applicants with strong Japanese language skills.
Preference is given to applicants with strong letters of support from faculty.
Preference is given to applicants with successful teaching experience.
Preference is given to applicants with superior preparation and achievement.
Preference is given to applicants with two or more years of experience in women's health.
Preference is given to applicants with two or more years of work experience.
Preference is given to applicants with U.S. citizenship or permanent residency.
Preference is given to applicants with U.S. citizenship.
Preference is given to applicants with work experience.
Preference is given to applicants working for degrees with emphasis on courses in law librarianship.
Preference is given to applications in pursuit of their first graduate degree.
Preference is given to applications postmarked by the priority due date.
Preference is given to applications received by the earliest date.
Preference is given to appointment of a conservator nominated by the conservatee.
Preference is given to apprentices coming from the same culture as the master.
Preference is given to Arizona residents.
Preference is given to Arkansas students who are outstanding freshmen or non-traditional students.
Preference is given to Arkansas students who have completed their freshman year of college.
Preference is given to articles that deal with social-interactional issues.
Preference is given to articles that include international perspectives or comparisons.
Preference is given to articles with photos.
Preference is given to articles with tabular data, such as market share rankings.
Preference is given to artists residing in Maryland.
Preference is given to athletes who are being introduced into organized sport.
Preference is given to automotive aftermarket management students showing academic excellence.
Preference is given to B.C. based market research consultants.
Preference is given to black and white images.
Preference is given to black males.
Preference is given to books published by reputable publishers as opposed to author-published items.
Preference is given to books suggested by students and alumni.
Preference is given to Burlington County residents.
Preference is given to business majors.
Preference is given to business, banking, accounting, economics, and international trade majors.
Preference is given to California residents, but all interested individuals are encouraged to apply.
Preference is given to California residents.
Preference is given to Canadian applicants.
Preference is given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada.
Preference is given to Canadian citizens.
Preference is given to Canadian graduates.
Preference is given to candidates already established in a career.
Preference is given to candidates applying to a non-English speaking country.
Preference is given to candidates at the graduate level for dissertation-related study or research.
Preference is given to candidates of the Jewish faith.
Preference is given to candidates who bring new approaches to research in the chemical senses.
Preference is given to candidates who can speak Spanish in addition of English.
Preference is given to candidates who have completed courses with European content.
Preference is given to candidates who have relevant work experience.
Preference is given to candidates who live and work in Summit County.
Preference is given to candidates whose projects require travel to the Mediterranean.
Preference is given to candidates with a law degree and an interest in international law.
Preference is given to candidates with a U.S. undergraduate degree.
Preference is given to candidates with ability to speak Spanish.
Preference is given to candidates with degrees.
Preference is given to candidates with demonstrated interest in professional practice careers .
Preference is given to candidates with experience in environmental or legislative organizing.
Preference is given to candidates with experience outside academic theater.
Preference is given to candidates with financial services experience.
Preference is given to candidates with general computer and electronics skills.
Preference is given to candidates with research interests in game theory and contract theory.
Preference is given to candidates with some practical software development experience.
Preference is given to candidates with some public or community service experience.
Preference is given to candidates with two or more years of work experience.
Preference is given to Cayuga County residents if all other factors are equal.
Preference is given to certain categories of applicants.
Preference is given to challenge grants and specific program initiatives.
Preference is given to Chattanooga area ministries and organizations.
Preference is given to chemical, electrical, industrial and mechanical engineering majors.
Preference is given to chemistry, chemical engineering, and materials science majors.
Preference is given to churches sending more than two persons for the first time.
Preference is given to citizens and permenant residents of the United States.
Preference is given to classroom, curricular, scholarship and public-access needs.
Preference is given to clients who have developed a written business plan.
Preference is given to collaborative efforts.
Preference is given to collaborative research.
Preference is given to college graduates with office administration and business courses.
Preference is given to color ad position requests.
Preference is given to community college transfer students.
Preference is given to companies with unique proprietary technology.
Preference is given to conferences that include strong international representation.
Preference is given to Connecticut residents.
Preference is given to consortiums with three to four sites participating.
Preference is given to continuing students with relevant backgrounds.
Preference is given to continuing students.
Preference is given to contributions on industrialized market economies.
Preference is given to counter-drug and terrorism requests.
Preference is given to current aid recipients whose applications are received on time.
Preference is given to current first and second year students.
Preference is given to currently enrolled students, but new students are welcome to apply.
Preference is given to customers who have purchased the appliance or automobile from the dealer.
Preference is given to D.C. residents.
Preference is given to damp forests or forests adjacent to water.
Preference is given to dance, music theatre and theatre majors.
Preference is given to declared German majors or minors.
Preference is given to demographers from developing countries, especially in Africa.
Preference is given to dental assisting program students.
Preference is given to departments with small numbers of women on the faculty.
Preference is given to dependents of employees from each company.
Preference is given to descendants of Belmont graduates.
Preference is given to descendants of the parents of the donor.
Preference is given to doctoral candidates.
Preference is given to doctoral or postdoctoral candidates and scholars.
Preference is given to doctoral students.
Preference is given to documentary, news, and educational projects.
Preference is given to domestic applicants.
Preference is given to early applicants.
Preference is given to education majors.
Preference is given to engineering majors.
Preference is given to entering freshmen and transfer students.
Preference is given to entering freshmen.
Preference is given to entering graduate students.
Preference is given to entering, first-year students.
Preference is given to especially needy students from lower-income families.
Preference is given to ESTs orginating or well represented in early mouse embryogenesis.
Preference is given to ethnic, racial, and language minority students.
Preference is given to events with an audio-visual component.
Preference is given to existing advertisers in publishing press releases.
Preference is given to experience and achievement they have achieved in the field.
Preference is given to ezines that have archives on the web.
Preference is given to faculty in the humanities and social sciences.
Preference is given to faculty members working in the area of the humanities.
Preference is given to families that have exhausted all other financial resources.
Preference is given to female and nontraditional students.
Preference is given to female applicants.
Preference is given to female candidates.
Preference is given to female nursing students.
Preference is given to female students entering a field of community studies.
Preference is given to female students.
Preference is given to fiddlers and fiddle-oriented bands.
Preference is given to field trips depending on weather throughout the semester.
Preference is given to firms from member countries.
Preference is given to first edition works.
Preference is given to first generation college students.
Preference is given to first time inventory grants.
Preference is given to first time, full-time students.
Preference is given to first-time applicants.
Preference is given to first-time villagers.
Preference is given to first-year Ph.D. applicants for TAs.
Preference is given to first-year students from outside the Sydney metropolitan area.
Preference is given to first-year students.
Preference is given to Florida campus students.
Preference is given to Florida residents.
Preference is given to fourth year students with an interest in retail or chain pharmacy.
Preference is given to free events.
Preference is given to freshman and transfer students for the fall semester.
Preference is given to freshmen and sophomores.
Preference is given to freshmen.
Preference is given to freshwomen and students of piano.
Preference is given to full time students.
Preference is given to full-time college students.
Preference is given to full-time doctoral candidates working on their dissertations.
Preference is given to full-time students for placement in clinical settings.
Preference is given to full-time students.
Preference is given to fully qualified Maui County residents who meet the application deadline.
Preference is given to gaming and entertainment oriented web-sites.
Preference is given to gas prone, multi-horizon play types.
Preference is given to geology majors between their junior and senior year.
Preference is given to Georgia residents.
Preference is given to graduate and undergraduate students in the pertinent scientific discipline.
Preference is given to graduate and upper class students.
Preference is given to graduate students applying to teach for the full academic year.
Preference is given to graduate students for the academic year program.
Preference is given to graduate students who are in the business department.
Preference is given to graduate students who have demonstrated research excellence.
Preference is given to graduate students, postdoctoral fellows, and junior faculty.
Preference is given to graduate students.
Preference is given to graduates of high schools in the Big Horn Basin.
Preference is given to graduates of Springfield high schools.
Preference is given to graduating students, current students, and two-person shows, respectively.
Preference is given to grandchildren, children, and spouses of people in the logging industry.
Preference is given to groups of seniors and disabled.
Preference is given to Harlem residents.
Preference is given to Hawaii residents.
Preference is given to Hawaii-based organizations.
Preference is given to highly motivated low-income single women with children.
Preference is given to highly qualified students working on topics relating to Berlin and Germany.
Preference is given to holders of the baccalaureate degree.
Preference is given to households occupied by senior citizen, low-income and disabled residents.
Preference is given to Idaho residents.
Preference is given to incoming students but continuing students are eligible.
Preference is given to Indiana residents.
Preference is given to individual rather than collective work.
Preference is given to individuals presenting posters.
Preference is given to individuals who have been accepted to present at the convention.
Preference is given to individuals who have spent at least part of their career in public service.
Preference is given to individuals with a broad educational background as described above.
Preference is given to individuals with previous service to or interest in law librarianship.
Preference is given to individuals with professional coaching experience.
Preference is given to industrial and manufacturing companies retaining high-paying jobs.
Preference is given to initiation of projects.
Preference is given to in-state students at a state institution.
Preference is given to institutional libraries.
Preference is given to institutions within Canada.
Preference is given to institutions within the United States.
Preference is given to instrumentation that includes matching funds.
Preference is given to intercontinental teams.
Preference is given to internal applicants for vacant positions.
Preference is given to internal fatty organs over the lean muscle meats.
Preference is given to international student applicants.
Preference is given to internships in foreign countries.
Preference is given to internships through accredited college programs.
Preference is given to investigators with less than five years postdoctoral experience.
Preference is given to investments that are constructive and healthy.
Preference is given to Iowa artists.
Preference is given to Iowa residents who are attending an Iowa university or college.
Preference is given to items that are curriculum related.
Preference is given to Jewish students.
Preference is given to jobs in California.
Preference is given to jobs in Phoenix and west coast area.
Preference is given to journalists employed full-time by news organizations.
Preference is given to journals that uniquely support various subject areas or disciplines.
Preference is given to junior faculty members or first-time applicants.
Preference is given to junior scholars.
Preference is given to juniors and first semester seniors.
Preference is given to juniors and seniors.
Preference is given to juniors and sophomores though seniors and freshmen are invited to apply.
Preference is given to juniors, but undergraduates in other classes are encouraged to apply.
Preference is given to Kansas residents.
Preference is given to Kentucky residents.
Preference is given to law enforcement officers.
Preference is given to leading edge technologies.
Preference is given to learners with previous management experience.
Preference is given to legal residents of Texas.
Preference is given to less senior applicants only for the purpose of breaking ties.
Preference is given to library-sponsored programs.
Preference is given to licensed registered nurses and licensed practical nurses.
Preference is given to local applicants.
Preference is given to local artists.
Preference is given to local organizations and events.
Preference is given to local students.
Preference is given to longer, more substantive papers.
Preference is given to Louisiana state residents.
Preference is given to majors in recreation or related fields.
Preference is given to majors.
Preference is given to male applicants.
Preference is given to management sequence students.
Preference is given to manuscripts that offer the most complete, unbiased how-to information.
Preference is given to married students without children.
Preference is given to Maryland residents.
Preference is given to Massachusetts residents.
Preference is given to material published in the last ten years.
Preference is given to material which is clearly interdisciplinary.
Preference is given to math majors.
Preference is given to mathematics education majors.
Preference is given to mathematics majors.
Preference is given to members of the first or second place team.
Preference is given to members who have never received a travel award or are first-time attendees.
Preference is given to members with experience in student academic affairs.
Preference is given to Mercer County residents.
Preference is given to Michigan residents.
Preference is given to Minnesota residents.
Preference is given to minorities and men.
Preference is given to minorities and women.
Preference is given to minorities, rural students, and other underrepresented groups in medicine.
Preference is given to minority applicants.
Preference is given to minority student applications.
Preference is given to minority students.
Preference is given to missionary children who are preparing for a career in missionary service.
Preference is given to modest local projects.
Preference is given to Monroe County students.
Preference is given to Monterey Park City and nonprofit organizations in or serving Monterey Park.
Preference is given to multi- or interdisciplinary research projects.
Preference is given to multi-user infrastructure instrumentation.
Preference is given to muscled bodies and facial hair growth.
Preference is given to music majors but other majors are welcome.
Preference is given to Native American applicants who are culturally involved in tribal affairs.
Preference is given to natives of China.
Preference is given to new and original projects.
Preference is given to new and prospective members.
Preference is given to new applicants from Western Australia who are leaving school.
Preference is given to new applicants to a graduate degree program.
Preference is given to New England residents in order to facilitate our adoption process.
Preference is given to new investigators and pilot studies.
Preference is given to new students.
Preference is given to newly forming, rather than existing, fellow- mentor teams.
Preference is given to noise control techniques that reduce noise production.
Preference is given to nominees in the Southeast.
Preference is given to non-graduating students.
Preference is given to nonpolitical themes.
Preference is given to nonprofit organizations and special recreational events.
Preference is given to non-profit organizations that are national in scope.
Preference is given to non-profit, statewide events for educators.
Preference is given to non-traditional students.
Preference is given to North Carolina residents.
Preference is given to North Dakota residents.
Preference is given to observations with high scores.
Preference is given to Oklahoma media representatives.
Preference is given to on-campus student residents.
Preference is given to one strong contribution rather than several lesser ones.
Preference is given to Ontario residents.
Preference is given to Oregon residents.
Preference is given to organizations providing services in Southern California.
Preference is given to organizations that are based or have a program in the Midwest.
Preference is given to organizations that provide direct child care services.
Preference is given to organizations that seek co-sponsorship.
Preference is given to organizations which represent a broad sector of the agriculture industry.
Preference is given to organizations with a strong underserved outreach component.
Preference is given to original contributions that are of general scholarly interest.
Preference is given to original editions.
Preference is given to original sources that offer free services.
Preference is given to our own majors.
Preference is given to outstanding minority students.
Preference is given to overseas applicants.
Preference is given to paper presenters.
Preference is given to papers that advance new concepts or develop new experimental approaches.
Preference is given to papers which concern or are of relevance to forestry in Europe.
Preference is given to paraplegics and quadriplegics.
Preference is given to parties desiring to stay by the week.
Preference is given to partnership schools and middle schools.
Preference is given to patrons providing more than one date choice.
Preference is given to Pennsylvania poets and writers of fiction.
Preference is given to people who live, work, or have notification of work in Montgomery County.
Preference is given to people with proof of hawaiian ancestry.
Preference is given to percussion students.
Preference is given to persons from Central and Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union.
Preference is given to persons preparing for careers in church leadership or human services.
Preference is given to persons preparing for religious vocations.
Preference is given to persons with an early childhood or child development degree and experience.
Preference is given to persons with excellent clinical skills.
Preference is given to persons with previous fraternity or related experience.
Preference is given to Ph.D. candidates.
Preference is given to Ph.D. students in the awarding of teaching assinstantships.
Preference is given to Ph.D. students.
Preference is given to pilot projects involving small amounts of money.
Preference is given to policy-oriented studies.
Preference is given to postgraduate students.
Preference is given to powerful, unusual images.
Preference is given to pre-law or liberal arts students.
Preference is given to pre-medical students .
Preference is given to previously employed tutors and students with work-study eligibility.
Preference is given to price movements that continue in the direction of the current column.
Preference is given to prior year's recipients.
Preference is given to problems motivated by questions from science or industry.
Preference is given to productions in the English, French or Aboriginal languages.
Preference is given to professional New Hampshire artists.
Preference is given to programs based outside of schools.
Preference is given to projects from national and provincial bodies for the disabled.
Preference is given to projects or events in Orange County.
Preference is given to projects partially financed out of the authors own funds or outside funding.
Preference is given to projects that are environmentally friendly and benefit rural communities.
Preference is given to projects that are part of a senior thesis or independent study project.
Preference is given to projects that benefit rural communities and are environmentally friendly.
Preference is given to projects that include student stipends in the budget.
Preference is given to projects that protect farmland in perpetuity.
Preference is given to projects that reach underserved communities.
Preference is given to projects that reflect ethical or social concerns.
Preference is given to projects that relate to the fellow's primary area of study.
Preference is given to projects that require research in two or more countries.
Preference is given to projects which build on successful results of previous work.
Preference is given to projects which have a broad educational applicability.
Preference is given to projects which involve historically underserved communities.
Preference is given to projects with a substantial level of industrial support.
Preference is given to projects with a wide application.
Preference is given to projects with higher local, private or federal grant contribution.
Preference is given to projects with practical classroom applications.
Preference is given to proposals directed toward cooperative education, training or development.
Preference is given to proposals from non-English speaking countries.
Preference is given to proposals in the humanities or social sciences.
Preference is given to proposals of direct Canadian interest.
Preference is given to proposals that use funds to adapt existing needs and materials.
Preference is given to proposals where benefits can be leveraged through challenge grants.
Preference is given to proposed events with broad interdisciplinary appeal.
Preference is given to public bodies and to cooperatives.
Preference is given to public health and environmental health.
Preference is given to qualified seniors, qualified juniors and qualified sophomores in that order .
Preference is given to qualified women.
Preference is given to quality periodicals that provide full text articles or abstracts.
Preference is given to quality research .
Preference is given to real-world projects.
Preference is given to recent high school graduates.
Preference is given to recent Ph.D. recipients.
Preference is given to recipients from the same area as the donor.
Preference is given to reference sources like dictionaries, encyclopedias, indexes, and thesauri.
Preference is given to registered parishioners when scheduling weddings.
Preference is given to registered participants.
Preference is given to relatives of alumnae.
Preference is given to releases from advertisers.
Preference is given to requests from Dauphin, Cumberland, and Perry Counties of Pennsylvania.
Preference is given to research on immigration, naturalization, or refugee policy.
Preference is given to research or tranining carried out in Israel .
Preference is given to research that can be conducted on campus.
Preference is given to research-based articles, written by behavioral healthcare professionals.
Preference is given to researchers with a well-defined project that can be completed in one summer.
Preference is given to residents of British Columbia.
Preference is given to residents of Connecticut.
Preference is given to residents of Douglas, Arizona or of Cochise County.
Preference is given to residents of Georgia.
Preference is given to residents of Iowa.
Preference is given to residents of Maryland.
Preference is given to residents of Mississippi.
Preference is given to residents of South Carolina.
Preference is given to residents of Summit County, Ohio.
Preference is given to residents of Texas.
Preference is given to residents of the Incorporated Village of Garden City.
Preference is given to residents of the island.
Preference is given to residents of Thomas County, Georgia.
Preference is given to residents of Washington County.
Preference is given to residents of West Virginia.
Preference is given to returning students.
Preference is given to returning volunteers and older youth.
Preference is given to rising juniors and seniors.
Preference is given to rising seniors, but rising juniors are encouraged to apply.
Preference is given to rising seniors.
Preference is given to Saratoga County residents or loved ones of Saratoga County residents.
Preference is given to scholars early in their academic careers.
Preference is given to scholars working on historical issues related to social justice or reform.
Preference is given to schools in the Connecticut River watershed.
Preference is given to schools that provide and cost share tuition.
Preference is given to schools that waive tuition.
Preference is given to science majors.
Preference is given to science oriented juniors and seniors.
Preference is given to science, engineering and mathematics students.
Preference is given to scientists at relatively early stages in their careers.
Preference is given to scientists who can spend the major portion of a full year in the lab.
Preference is given to season subscribers.
Preference is given to second and third year students.
Preference is given to second year housing students.
Preference is given to second year students.
Preference is given to secondary school teachers.
Preference is given to senior citizens and disabled residents.
Preference is given to senior students.
Preference is given to seniors and juniors.
Preference is given to seniors and opportunities are only available to majors.
Preference is given to seniors and second semester juniors.
Preference is given to seniors and to students with good grade point averages.
Preference is given to seniors working on honors projects.
Preference is given to seniors.
Preference is given to series subscribers.
Preference is given to services which track packages.
Preference is given to siblings of children already enrolled in the school.
Preference is given to siblings of current students.
Preference is given to single parent, part-time students.
Preference is given to single parents and disabled students.
Preference is given to single parents with dependent children.
Preference is given to single parents, either male or female.
Preference is given to single parents.
Preference is given to sites designed according to effective pedagogical principles.
Preference is given to sites designed in a logical and user-friendly fashion.
Preference is given to sites that actually provide some content relevant to the topic.
Preference is given to sites that focus on Michigan education positions.
Preference is given to sites that make effective pedagogical use of technology.
Preference is given to Sociology majors in their junior and senior years.
Preference is given to software and service.
Preference is given to sophomores and juniors.
Preference is given to sophomores.
Preference is given to South Carolina residents.
Preference is given to spring entrants.
Preference is given to staff at the training site.
Preference is given to state licensure.
Preference is given to state residents.
Preference is given to States that are building an instructor cadre.
Preference is given to stories for children.
Preference is given to string instrument students.
Preference is given to strong olfactory effects with long-lasting power.
Preference is given to students actively involved with horses.
Preference is given to students already enrolled in the program.
Preference is given to students and staff with disabilities .
Preference is given to students applying for admission to the doctoral program.
Preference is given to students applying for the Ph.D. program.
Preference is given to students at one of our overseas affiliates in Holland, Germany or Brazil.
Preference is given to students at the dissertation writing stage.
Preference is given to students beginning programs of study.
Preference is given to students being certified to teach.
Preference is given to students choosing art education as a career.
Preference is given to students completing their sophomore or junior years.
Preference is given to students demonstrating academic excellence and leadership.
Preference is given to students drawn from communities with SPX corporate involvement.
Preference is given to students enrolled in a German course at the time of application.
Preference is given to students enrolled in a terminal masters program.
Preference is given to students entering fields related to education, nursing or ministry.
Preference is given to students entering or completing their senior year.
Preference is given to students entering the first year of full-time law study.
Preference is given to students entering their junior year.
Preference is given to students entering their senior year.
Preference is given to students focusing on modern Chinese history or political science.
Preference is given to students for on-campus job opportunities who live in campus housing.
Preference is given to students from accredited schools.
Preference is given to students from Alabama pursuing degrees in education.
Preference is given to students from Boston area schools but others are welcome to apply.
Preference is given to students from developing countries.
Preference is given to students from Illinois.
Preference is given to students from Japan.
Preference is given to students from Massachusetts, especially Springfield.
Preference is given to students from Mississippi.
Preference is given to students from Mobile and Alabama.
Preference is given to students from Montgomery County, Ohio.
Preference is given to students from North Dakota, Montana, or the Midwest.
Preference is given to students from remote areas.
Preference is given to students from small towns or rural areas.
Preference is given to students from the Cincinnati area.
Preference is given to students from the Eastern Townships of Quebec.
Preference is given to students from the greater New Haven area.
Preference is given to students from the New Orleans area.
Preference is given to students from the Omaha area.
Preference is given to students from the seven-county service area.
Preference is given to students from the Upper Peninsula.
Preference is given to students in a health-science program.
Preference is given to students in any graduate program.
Preference is given to students in areas supported by a PSU doctoral program.
Preference is given to students in business administration or accounting.
Preference is given to students in doctoral programs.
Preference is given to students in foods and human nutrition.
Preference is given to students in language or music.
Preference is given to students in law, criminology and social sciences.
Preference is given to students in mathematics and the sciences.
Preference is given to students in sociology, political science, economics, and psychology.
Preference is given to students in the fields of special education, art education, or the fine arts.
Preference is given to students in the humanities.
Preference is given to students in the marketing management program.
Preference is given to students in the social sciences and related fields.
Preference is given to students in their final year.
Preference is given to students in their junior year.
Preference is given to students interested in family law.
Preference is given to students interested in selling life insurance.
Preference is given to students interested in working in a federal agency.
Preference is given to students involved in community activities for the good of others.
Preference is given to students living in North Georgia.
Preference is given to students living on campus.
Preference is given to students majoring in banking who are Mississippi residents.
Preference is given to students majoring in Biology.
Preference is given to students majoring in education, engineering or the computer sciences.
Preference is given to students majoring in keyboard and voice.
Preference is given to students majoring in metallurgical and materials engineering.
Preference is given to students majoring in the social sciences and related fields.
Preference is given to students of Asian Indian origin.
Preference is given to students of at least sophomore standing.
Preference is given to students of color.
Preference is given to students of good academic standing.
Preference is given to students of Hispanic descent.
Preference is given to students of physics and chemistry who plan to attend graduate school.
Preference is given to students of the degree granting institution.
Preference is given to students on the Bloomington campus who are Indiana residents.
Preference is given to students participating in the full six-week program.
Preference is given to students participating regularly in community service organizations.
Preference is given to students planning a career teaching Latin.
Preference is given to students planning careers in news-editorial journalism.
Preference is given to students planning to major in the sciences.
Preference is given to students planning to pursue a degree in science.
Preference is given to students planning to teach.
Preference is given to students preparing for vocational ministry.
Preference is given to students pursuing a graduate degree in finance.
Preference is given to students pursuing fields of study other than nursing.
Preference is given to students pursuing the complete program.
Preference is given to students pursuing the study of beef cattle.
Preference is given to students pursuing work in biochemistry.
Preference is given to students reentering college.
Preference is given to students returning to school after professional work.
Preference is given to students seeking teacher certification.
Preference is given to students studying business or economics.
Preference is given to students studying for the full year.
Preference is given to students studying the sciences, preferably biology.
Preference is given to students taking the course for credit.
Preference is given to students traditionally underrepresented in engineering and computer sciences.
Preference is given to students who apply for the full year.
Preference is given to students who are able to make a full year commitment.
Preference is given to students who are able to pursue their studies primarily on a full-time basis.
Preference is given to students who are active in the Black Collegian Caucus.
Preference is given to students who are active in the Hispanic community.
Preference is given to students who are from the first generation in their family to attend college.
Preference is given to students who are in the final year of their degree program.
Preference is given to students who are in the last two years of their professional program.
Preference is given to students who are more advanced in their dissertation research and writing.
Preference is given to students who are or who expect to become candidates for the PhD degree.
Preference is given to students who are presenting research.
Preference is given to students who are pursuing a course of study leading to a degree in nursing.
Preference is given to students who are speakers.
Preference is given to students who are visually impaired.
Preference is given to students who audition on regularly scheduled audition dates.
Preference is given to students who can work the entire academic year.
Preference is given to students who demonstrate a commitment to academic success.
Preference is given to students who demonstrate an interest in African studies.
Preference is given to students who exhibit academic merit.
Preference is given to students who exhibit acadmeic merit.
Preference is given to students who find positions in government or non-profit agencies.
Preference is given to students who fulfill the general business prerequisites of the program.
Preference is given to students who have been retained.
Preference is given to students who have completed all courses.
Preference is given to students who have completed at least one year of tertiary study.
Preference is given to students who have completed one full year of study.
Preference is given to students who have completed one-half of their course work.
Preference is given to students who have completed the junior year.
Preference is given to students who have entered candidacy for graduation with distinction.
Preference is given to students who have had at least two years of professional experience.
Preference is given to students who have indicated majors in the foreign languages.
Preference is given to students who have some field experience in humanitarian assistance.
Preference is given to students who have taken college preparatory curriculums in high school.
Preference is given to students who intend to practice in the field of pediatric nursing.
Preference is given to students who live in Coos Bay.
Preference is given to students who make a commitment to work the entire school year.
Preference is given to students who plan employment in Indiana.
Preference is given to students who plan to attend graduate school in sociology.
Preference is given to students who plan to become music teachers.
Preference is given to students who plan to enter an agriculture related field.
Preference is given to students who plan to enter the teaching profession.
Preference is given to students who possess an undergraduate degree in engineering.
Preference is given to students who show a strong potential for a career in a financial institution.
Preference is given to students who transfer from California community colleges.
Preference is given to students who transfer from California com-munity colleges.
Preference is given to students who wish to study for the Ph.D. degree.
Preference is given to students wishing to travel to Chinese-speaking areas.
Preference is given to students with a background in Asian art history or Asian studies.
Preference is given to students with a background in security analysis.
Preference is given to students with a college degree.
Preference is given to students with a demonstrated interest in poultry.
Preference is given to students with a demonstrated interest in the dairy products industry.
Preference is given to students with a grade point average of B or above.
Preference is given to students with an interest in retailing or a related field.
Preference is given to students with an interest in the processing of dairy products.
Preference is given to students with anthropology and Spanish skills.
Preference is given to students with anthropology credits.
Preference is given to students with demonstrated interest in development studies.
Preference is given to students with disabilities who want to teach students with disabilities.
Preference is given to students with excellent grades.
Preference is given to students with experience in the business and corporate sector.
Preference is given to students with experience using technology for teaching and learning.
Preference is given to students with good first degrees in a social science.
Preference is given to students with good scholastic ability.
Preference is given to students with some field experience in humanitarian assistance.
Preference is given to students with some prior knowledge of the Japanese language.
Preference is given to students with specific teaching skills and experience.
Preference is given to students with strong academic records.
Preference is given to students with strong construction backgrounds.
Preference is given to students with superior academic standing.
Preference is given to students with teaching assistantships.
Preference is given to students with the greatest disability-related needs.
Preference is given to students with the highest GPAs overall and in the prerequisites.
Preference is given to students with the highest GPAs overall.
Preference is given to students with their hands up first.
Preference is given to students with three months or more relevant industry work experience.
Preference is given to students with two or more years of life science course work.
Preference is given to students working in areas related to women in science and technology.
Preference is given to students working in structural mechanics.
Preference is given to students working in the school library field.
Preference is given to studies that can be replicated or expanded upon.
Preference is given to subjects in economics, social and technical areas.
Preference is given to subjects, in economics, social and technical areas.
Preference is given to submissions which fit our outlined editorial calendar.
Preference is given to supporting researchers at an early stage of their research program.
Preference is given to Swiss companies and organizations.
Preference is given to teams of teachers.
Preference is given to teams of three or more.
Preference is given to teams that include some type of administrator from the school site.
Preference is given to technical and nursing majors.
Preference is given to technical majors, such as engineering, computer science, and science.
Preference is given to Tennessee residents when two students are equally qualified.
Preference is given to tenured or tenure-track faculty.
Preference is given to tenure-track faculty.
Preference is given to Texas and Louisiana resident applicants.
Preference is given to Texas residents.
Preference is given to the academically gifted and economically disadvantaged.
Preference is given to the athletic, powerful and lithe, and objection made to the bulky or coarse.
Preference is given to the candidate with experience in the occupational health and safety field.
Preference is given to the children of persons who have given their lives in the line of duty.
Preference is given to the contraction that more nearly approximates correct pronunciation.
Preference is given to the elderly and disabled.
Preference is given to the field of graphic design.
Preference is given to the latest versions of both operating system and hardware platform.
Preference is given to the latter.
Preference is given to the major literary works that support the curriculum.
Preference is given to the offical sites but others are welcome as well.
Preference is given to the parents with soccer experience.
Preference is given to the reunion classes.
Preference is given to the spouse and children, then to the grandchildren, and then to the parents.
Preference is given to topics that transcend state or provincial borders.
Preference is given to trainees interested in health services research in primary care.
Preference is given to transfer students from a two-year college.
Preference is given to transfers at the junior level.
Preference is given to translational research but all type of applications are accepted.
Preference is given to travel that includes a serious educational component.
Preference is given to U.S. citizens who have achieved sophomore standing.
Preference is given to U.S. citizens, but students of any nationality are urged to apply.
Preference is given to U.S. citizens.
Preference is given to U.S. nationals.
Preference is given to UCSD students.
Preference is given to UK applicants.
Preference is given to undergraduate students with junior or senior standing.
Preference is given to undergraduate students.
Preference is given to undergraduates.
Preference is given to under-represented minorities in the health professions.
Preference is given to United States citizens of Greek heritage.
Preference is given to United States citizens.
Preference is given to units with two or more bedrooms.
Preference is given to university departments.
Preference is given to university students.
Preference is given to university transfer students with good scholastic ability.
Preference is given to upper division students.
Preference is given to upper level students.
Preference is given to upperclass students.
Preference is given to upperclassmen for placements.
Preference is given to upperclassmen majoring in related fields.
Preference is given to upperclassmen.
Preference is given to Vermont residents.
Preference is given to victims of natural disasters and political allies.
Preference is given to Virginia residents.
Preference is given to walk-in patrons.
Preference is given to Washington residents.
Preference is given to web-based resources where available and affordable.
Preference is given to well-established, larger agencies, providing comprehensive services.
Preference is given to well-qualified residents of British Columbia.
Preference is given to West Babylon School District residents.
Preference is given to West Virginia residents.
Preference is given to Wisconsin residents.
Preference is given to women and students of color.
Preference is given to women in the part-time program and to women with children.
Preference is given to women who had an interruption for more than two years.
Preference is given to women.
Preference is given to work in the six research themes.
Preference is given to work study students.
Preference is given to work that appeals to a wide academic audience.
Preference is given to work-study eligible students, and compensation is minimum wage.
Preference is given to work-study students.
Preference is given to writers in the areas of history, religion, and philosophy.
Preference is given to young people from Maine.
Preference is given to younger members.
Preference is given to younger researchers.
Preference is given where needed on medical grounds.
Preference is given, however, to college graduates.
Preference is givento advanced doctoral students.
Preference is indicated by olfactory cues in the urine.
Preference is likely to be given to a field ecologist with strengths in biometrics.
Preference is likely to be given to candidates who already have relevant publications.
Preference is liking.
Preference is live data where possible.
Preference is made for students who plan on staying with the job for more than one semester.
Preference is offered to tribal persons.
Preference is options.
Preference is Phoenix area product.
Preference is played across a wide area of Eastern Europe and Russia.
Preference is really determined on how proactive department is in the program.
Preference is rumoured to be given to white mature applicants.
Preference is shown for free rather than commercial software.
Preference is shown for projects with direct personal impact.
Preference is shown to female applicants.
Preference is to be given in initial employment opportunities to qualified veteran applicants.
Preference is to be given to a female student pursuing a mathematics degree.
Preference is to be given to a nominee of the incapacitated person.
Preference is to be given to a sophomore organ student.
Preference is to be given to measures that prevent flood vulnerable development.
Preference is to be given to minority candidate who meets the above criteria.
Preference is to be given to provincial-owned companies.
Preference is to be given to students in the Southwest Virginia area.
Preference is to be given to studio art majors.
Preference is to be given to women.
Preference is to given to a business education major.
Preference is to given to orchestra and string students.
Preference is to meet in the afternoon.
Preference is to order through a vendor.
Preference is to purchase established business.
Preference is to support students in the part-time program.
Preference is to the custodial parent as the source of support.
Preference is to the longest match.
Preference is to work in fields of aquisitions, development and asset management.
Preference isa liking.
Preference maximize the impact of funds.
Preference plays a major role in making a solid skier match.
Preference points on State contracts.
Preference scales for number and sex of children.
Preference seems to depend on age.
Preference tests with rodents to assess housing conditions.
Preference varies between rodent populations and among individuals.
Preferences add complexity to the system.
Preferences allow easy customization of the app.
Preferences Allow export to word processor.
Preferences allow for definition of music type and sound effects, and the second player.
Preferences allow one to select animation, sound and a prompt to save a report of the test results.
Preferences allows for alterations in the way the program appears.
Preferences Allows the user to set global sampling parameters and other values.
Preferences also divide by age and income.
Preferences also includes some settings that are only are only available here.
Preferences are a good starting point to identify interests.
Preferences are as much biographical as regional.
Preferences are clear.
Preferences are complete , which means that a consumer can rank all market baskets.
Preferences are complete.
Preferences are constant and stable.
Preferences are cumulative.
Preferences are data that store settings for their respective application.
Preferences are high-line radios and electric reproducing phonographs, and combinations thereof.
Preferences are nothing new to academic institutions.
Preferences are on a request basis only.
Preferences are present for the tab size and max line length.
Preferences are present to tell how to handle private items.
Preferences are products of the thinking minds.
Preferences are subjective while principles are objective.
Preferences are subjective.
Preferences are transitive .
Preferences are transitive and stable.
Preferences are transitive.
Preferences are unfair.
Preferences based on race are as unpopular in California as they are in the rest of the nation.
Preferences can change.
Preferences Click on the Advanced option on the left.
Preferences control a lot of ways in which the communicator behaves.
Preferences differ among individuals.
Preferences differ, as do our goals.
Preferences Displays a dialog where important preferences can be set.
Preferences Displays the preference setting for the current user.
Preferences do benefit some women in public contracting.
Preferences do vary from one individual to the next.
Preferences evolve in the light of criticism, and the same can be true of sexual orientation.
Preferences file to save defaults.
Preferences flunk that test.
Preferences folder to the trash.
Preferences give priority to certain individuals over others who apply for green cards.
Preferences handling is done in the file prefs.c.
Preferences Help on every and all preference options.
Preferences help page.
Preferences hold roughly across gender, age and income.
Preferences hurt women and families and make a mockery of equality.
Preferences includes settings for an easy, medium or hard game - the default setting is medium.
Preferences is located in the view menu.
Preferences is now Settings.
Preferences is right on the menu bar at the top of the browser.
Preferences Launches a preferences configuration window.
Preferences menu item.
Preferences menu to set device control.
Preferences menus, a menu of plug-ins containing at least one telnet application.
Preferences opens a dialog to set internals of the editor and type-checker.
Preferences Opens the preferences window.
Preferences Presents a pop-up menu for selecting preference items.
Preferences Provides a constantly-updated view of the current preferences considered.
Preferences represent the flawed racial politics of the past.
Preferences seem to correspond to the audience.
Preferences Select some authorized account list, account summary, and forecast report options.
Preferences Set display preferences.
Preferences shift according to what strategy they are trying to pursue.
Preferences span anywhere from half an inch to several inches deep.
Preferences still tend to be subjective.
Preferences Teach the students how to express their preferences.
Preferences then become the imperative and a far easier method of operating.
Preferences upgrade mechanism.
Preferences vary from person to person.
Preferences vary largely by area.
Preferences vary, but there is an optimal place to experience the sound system in most theaters.
Preferences vary, so don t worry about which format to use.
Preferences vary, so some exploring is required.
All preferences are satisfied.
All preferences are strings, unless otherwise noted.
All preferences welcome.
Most preferences are in the form of check boxes which are either on or off.
Some preference is given to applicants at the early stages of their career.
Some preference is given to applicants from developing countries.
Some preference is given to applicants who have served in the armed services of the United States.
Some preference is given to applications from West Texas.
Some preference is given to language competency in the study abroad programs.
Some preference is given to qualified Maine citizens and veterans of military service.
Some preference is given to residents of Georgia.
Some preference is given to students with no prior summer fellowship support.
Some preference is given to upper level students depending on the strength of the proposal.
Some preference is shown for loblolly, shortleaf and Virginia pines.
Some preference is shown t children and grandchildren of alumni.
Some preference is shown to children and grandchildren of alumni.
Some preferences have to be set from a separate page.
Preferential cards are available too.
Preferential consideration is given to applicants who have had research training and experience.
Preferential consideration is given to students with chronic diabetes.
Preferential duty is imposed on goods originating the developing countries.
Preferential flow carries nutrients to deep depths with relatively small amounts of water.
Preferential offenders target specific ages and genders.
Preferential orientation appears to be a general characteristic of interfacial water molecules.
Preferential policies are a political response to symbols of sectarian identity.
Preferential rates are available for members, and booksellers receive the normal trade discount.
Preferential rates are available to ScotlandIS members.
Preferential rates are for a series of advertising.
Preferential response seems related to serotonergic medications.
Preferential rules vary depending on the preference program.
Preferential tariffs induce reductions in nonmember export prices.
Preferential treatment does nothing of the sort.
Preferential treatment is an appropriate form of compensation for black people.
Preferential treatment is nothing new in the United States.
Preferential treatment is only a means to an end.
Preferential treatment is the only kind of affirmative action that anyone objects to.
Preferential treatment is unfair to young white males.
Preferrable times are mornings and early in the term.
Preferred accent is determined by who the host country does the most business with.
Preferred alternative has highest impact on soils due to road and silviculture.
Preferred applicant is a pre-med student.
Preferred applicants are eager to learn and possess naturalist skills.
Preferred appointment is for full academic year.
Preferred areas are networks, multimedia and databases.
Preferred articles are in a 'review', 'current opinion' or 'editorial' format.
Preferred background includes a degree in Communications or applicable experience.
Preferred baits are minnows or minnow imitators trolled or cast in or adjacent to spawn areas.
Preferred baits are minnows, waxworms and wigglers.
Some preferred baits are apple or orange slices, shelled walnuts or pecans, and peanut butter.
Preferred beaches are flat and smooth, with a substrate of sand, rounded stones, or pebbles.
Preferred beverages are sake or Japanese beer.
Preferred brand is Golden Phoenix.
Preferred cabinets are powder-coated metal with silicone gaskets to reduce dust and air penetration.
Preferred candidates have entrepreneurial experiences and are located in Eugene.
Preferred canopy is sparse to moderate.
Preferred cities are Chicago, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Portland or Denver.
Preferred cities are Cleveland, Columbus and Chattanooga.
Preferred cities are Denver and Billings.
Preferred cities are Seattle and New York City.
Preferred colors are blue, green and purple.
Preferred colors are blue, green, and purple.
Preferred colors are blue, red, and mustard.
Preferred colors are pink, dark pink and red.
Preferred colors are white, yellow and green.
Preferred conditions are partial sunlight, moderate moisture and fertile well drained soil.
Preferred contact is by use of the form below.
Preferred copy is negative or camera-ready repro.
Preferred customers can also buy direct from the company by phone.
Preferred customers can qualify for discounts on supplies like printer toner, ribbons and diskettes.
Preferred customers enjoy the best offers and the latest news.
Preferred customers receive special coupons and other incentives.
Preferred documentation is a birth certificate or baptismal certificate.
Preferred documentation is an identification card such as a driver's licence.
Preferred drawings are blacklines, though bluelines are okay.
Preferred drinks are homemade ginger beer, palm wine, and Liberian coffee.
Preferred drugs are available at the lower co-pays.
Preferred embodiments allow the production of viral DNA which is infectious.
Preferred experience includes expertise in cell culture and confocal microscopy.
Preferred experience includes property management or subsidized housing.
Preferred expressions avoid the implication that the person as a whole is disabled.
Preferred fields are cross-section econometrics, time series econometrics and law and economics.
Preferred fields are money policy and financial institutions.
Preferred fillings are cheese, rninced meat, spinach and pota toes.
Preferred filter is the non-collapsible type.
Preferred food is seagrass, mangrove leaves, algae, water hyacinth, and hydrilla.
Preferred foods are fish, small mammals, amphibians, and insects.
Preferred foods are whole grains like corn, rice, barley, or seeds.
Preferred foods vary throughout the white-tailed deer range in Texas.
Some preferred foods are beans, peas, carrot tops, clover and grasses.
Preferred forms are the same ones used in our class.
Preferred format is .gif or .jpg.
Preferred format is a .dxf file of the part only, accompanied by a dimensioned drawing.
Preferred format is initial capitals and lower case or initial capitals and small capitals.
Preferred formats change over time.
Preferred fruits are soft, sweet and pulpy.
Preferred habitat includes stony deserts, shrubland, woodland, grassland and opens plains.
Preferred habitat is ditches, alluvial woods and fields.
Preferred habitat is dry sclerophyll forest with open grassland clearings.
Preferred habitat is fields and woods.
Preferred habitat is forest and clearings.
Preferred habitat is forest edges and city parks.
Preferred habitat is forests and adjacent meadows.
Preferred habitat is forests, roadsides and open areas.
Preferred habitat is humid and very humid montane rain forest of the Amazonian type.
Preferred habitat is in damp places in basement rooms.
Preferred habitat is mature balsam fir and white birch, regenerating stands and young aspen.
Preferred habitat is meadows and fields.
Preferred habitat is meadows and forest edges.
Preferred habitat is meadows and gardens with sandy soil.
Preferred habitat is meadows, fields and gardens.
Preferred habitat is meadows, fields, and bare ground.
Preferred habitat is meadows, forest edges and lawns.
Preferred habitat is moist forests and stream edges.
Preferred habitat is prairies, roadsides, glades, fields and thin woods.
Preferred habitat is swamps, marshes and ponds.
Preferred habitat is woodlands, meadows and roadsides near water.
Preferred habitat varies.
Preferred habitats are coastal mangrove swamps, salt and brackish water bays, and creeks.
Preferred habitats are flat semi-arid grasslands and open acacia or eucalypt woodlands.
Preferred habitats are in mountain areas at high elevations.
Preferred habitats are open or partly shaded.
Preferred habitats are wooded coves along fast flowing streams.
Preferred habitats have a diversity of vegetation.
Preferred herbs are garlic, oregano, marjoram, parsley, and, above all, basil .
Preferred hosts are red, Scots and jack pines.
Preferred housing is based on class year and gender.
Preferred identity differentiates the real people.
Some preferred issues are convertible into common stock at fixed exchange rates.
Preferred language is Spanish.
Preferred languages are English and Russian.
Preferred lenders can provide faster, more streamlined service to customers.
Preferred lenders enjoy full delegation of lending authority.
Preferred lenders have full authority to approve loans.
Preferred lenders receive full delegation of lending authority.
Preferred length is no more than four pages.
Preferred length is one-page, front and back.
Preferred lies make a huge difference, though, at least two shots advantage.
Preferred listings get more traffic.
Preferred longitudes can arise due to excitation of non-axisymmetric magnetic modes.
Preferred majors are computer science, marketing, or communications.
Preferred majors are English, marketing, public relations, and communications.
Preferred majors are public relations, English, or journalism.
Preferred marriages are within the kindred, especially with first to fifth degree cousins.
Preferred material is material ready for addressing and mailing.
Preferred material is single-page negatives or color separations with proper spacing built in.
Preferred materials are composite negatives, right-reading, emulsion side down, or digital files.
Preferred members can also contribute prices of products that they wish to share with others.
Preferred members receive extra coupon savings.
Preferred memorials are to a charity of the donor's choice.
Preferred memorials are to the church.
Preferred memorials are to the donor's choice.
Preferred memorials are to the family.
Preferred method is as an email attachment.
Preferred method is credit card payment.
Preferred method is e-mailed in a pdf format.
Preferred method is seeds.
Preferred method is via computer disk.
Preferred music is essential to the commitment any one person makes to participation.
Preferred name is only available now to help with the clean up of the current data.
Preferred oils are from olives, canola, and coconuts.
Preferred option is replacement of the entire feature in kind.
Preferred orientation can suibstantially alter the appearence of the powder pattern.
Preferred parking is a special service for our most loyal customers.
Preferred parking is at extreme SE corner of the building.
Preferred parking is at the extreme SE corner of the building.
Preferred parking is sold out for all four games, but parking is available in the general lots.
Preferred parking passes.
All preferred parking is sold out for the season.
Preferred payment is by check.
Preferred payment is via credit card.
Preferred permits are available to students by online lottery drawing only.
Preferred placement is available for maximum exposure.
Preferred players enjoy terrific discounts, bonuses and special invitations.
Preferred positions are noncancellable.
Preferred preys are sardina, anchovies and mackerels.
Preferred prophylaxis is erythromycin, tetracycline, or silver nitrate.
Preferred qualifications are research interests in neurobiology and mammalian systems.
Preferred qualifications are specializations in microeconomic theory and econometrics.
Preferred qualifications are strong budget and supervisory skills.
Preferred qualifications are strong budget, communication, and supervisory skills.
Preferred qualifications range in their desirability.
Preferred rates are available for non-smokers in good health.
Preferred rates are the best rates offered by an insurance company.
Preferred rates offer lower premiums.
Preferred roads bias the routing toward particular street types.
Preferred roosts have high ceilings and sufficient space for flight.
Preferred schedule is semi-monthly.
Preferred shares are almost always non-voting.
Preferred shares give investors a fixed dividend from the company's earnings .
Preferred shares occupy a clear niche.
Preferred shareholders are a step above common stock owners.
Preferred shareholders are shareholders.
Preferred shareholders rank ahead of common shareholders if the company goes under.
Preferred sites are noncommercial and intended for children.
Preferred sites are open or semi-open.
Preferred sites are rectum and appendix.
Preferred sites are the interdigital and popliteal spaces, the groin and inframammary folds.
Preferred sites have suitable perch and roost sites with minimal disturbance.
Preferred size is the one to change.
Preferred skills are computer programming, statistics, econometrics and other quantitative methods.
Preferred soil is a deep, well-drained loam.
Preferred solution is listed first.
Preferred sources are publications or publishers currently seeking submissions.
Preferred space is available for advance purchases.
Preferred species are evergreens, shrubs, and low growing broadleaf trees.
Preferred specimens are urine, gastric fluid, and feedstuffs.
Preferred spots are at all bridges.
Preferred stock can be cumulative.
Preferred stock can be noncumulative.
Preferred stock give the owner the right to receive a preferential share of the distributed profits.
Preferred stock has a few differences.
Preferred stock has a fixed rate of return which is established when the stock is issued.
Preferred stock has a more stable nature.
Preferred stock has a promised fixed dividend and can usually be valued as a perpetuity.
Preferred stock has features of both bonds and common stock.
Preferred stock has no maturity and represents a form of ownership in the issuing company.
Preferred stock has some characteristics of both common stock and bonds.
Preferred stock involves a fixed or defined dividend payment, forever.
Preferred stock is a hybrid of bonds and common stock.
Preferred stock is a third category, falling between common stock and bonds.
Preferred stock is another form of equity instrument.
Preferred stock is basically a perpetuity .
Preferred stock is excluded from common equity.
Preferred stock is issued to raise capital.
Preferred stock is listed under equity, but it's more like debt.
Preferred stock is more like a bond than a stock.
Preferred stock is of no value.
Preferred stock is safer and more stable than common stock.
Preferred stock is slightly higher priority than common stock.
Preferred stock is sometimes convertible into common stock.
Preferred stock is stock
Preferred stock is stock.
Preferred stock pays a fixed dividend that is specified and set down in advance.
Preferred stocks are tough to get information on.
Preferred stocks combine characteristics of common stocks and bonds.
Preferred stocks have par values, and their dividends are expressed as a percentage of par value.
Preferred stocks pay a fixed dividend into perpetuity.
Preferred stocks provide no voting rights but have a set, guaranteed dividend payment.
Most preferred stock is cumulative preferred.
Most preferred stocks have a noncumulative feature.
Most preferred stocks have no maturity date.
Most preferred stocks pay dividends quarterly, rather than semiannually like bonds.
Preferred stockholders are in line before common stockholders if a dividend is declared.
Preferred strategies move into and out of favor.
Preferred strategy is to establish a budget line for the team itself.
Preferred styles have buttons or ties down the front.
Preferred styles vary by discipline.
Preferred submission is electronic mail, see homepage for details.
Preferred submission is via Web upload.
Preferred suppliers are available at each location.
Preferred temperatures are higher.
Preferred terms are subspecies or variety.
Preferred terminology is rotational stocking.
Preferred terrain is flat to gently undulating.
Preferred territories contain highest number of females, and controlled by largest breeding bulls.
Preferred timing is immediately postbloom before fruit becomes infested.
Preferred tone is a bright, unblemished blue with an overall iridescent sheen.
Preferred treatment is bacteriocidal agents as the newer fluoroquinolone agents.
Preferred treatments are in boldface.
Preferred usage is monitor.
Preferred use is one item per form.
Preferred way is product development.
A prefiguration is anticipation
Prefiguration prepares the viewer for what is going to happen.
Prefinished oak is the most popular and readily available kind of solid-wood flooring.
Prefinished panels allow faster completion and earlier occupancy.
Prefix codes are instantaneously decodable.
Prefix codes consist of unique codes when read forwards.
Prefix notation has several advantages, however.
Prefix notation is mathematical notation
Prefix operators are similarly available.
Prefix operators are sometimes more efficient than postfix operators.
A prefix is an affix
Prefix can be nil.
PREfix works via simulation.
Prefixes allow search terms to be specifically required or excluded from the result.
Prefixes allow search terms to be spedifically required or excluded from the result.
Prefixes are added to the beginning of the unit to make a new unit .
Prefixes are added to the beginning of the unit to make a new unit.
Prefixes are added to unit names to produce multiple and sub-multiples of the original unit.
Prefixes are always input as lowercase alphabetic characters.
Prefixes are in lowercase and are placed before the base type in a variable name.
Prefixes are letters added before a word's base to form another word.
Prefixes are numerous both in the Latin and the Greek languages.
Prefixes are the quantifiers of the measurement units.
Prefixes can be from one to three characters in length.
Prefixes cause an ambiguity.
Prefixes corresponding to an integer power of one thousand are generally preferred.
Prefixes have to come first, so that is just like planting the seed.
Prefixes indicate the multiples and submultiples of units following a decimal pattern.
Prefixes indicates that an item belongs to a particular collection.
Prefixes is the logical outcome of the author's development of the principle of hybridized sound.
Prefixes modify or extend the meanings of words and roots.
Prefixes modify the meaning of the root in some way.
Prefixs are affixs.
Prefixs are morphemes.
Prefixs are tools.
All prefixes provide the same level of service.
All prefixes scale by powers of ten and so moving the decmal place makes scaling easy.
Some prefixes have both a major and one or more minor bonuses.
Prefixed instructions can only pair in the U pipe.
Preflight check is complete.
Preflight distance is appropriate for the size of the student.
Preflight documents provide more detailed information on nightly dress.
Most preflight headaches arise from missing fonts.
Preflight information is good, headings, levels and frequencies are all discussed in detail.
Preflight planning is the .best method of preparation.
Preformed groups are welcome.
Preformed pools are another option, but many gardeners enjoy the versatility of a lined garden pool.
Preforms service calls for application and classroom technology related problems on campus.
Preformulated stocks remove calculation, measurement, and formulation errors.
A prefrontal cortex is a lobe
Prefrontal cortex regulates inhibition and excitation in distributed neural networks.
Preganglionic cell lies in the brainstem or in the sacral spinal cord - norepinephrine ii.
Preganglionic fibers can pass through the ganglionic trunk or connective.
Preganglionic fibers enter the inferior hypogastric plexus by way of the pelvic splanchnic nerves.
Preganglionic neurons originate in brainstem or sacral spinal cord .
Preganglionic neurons originate in thoracic and lumbar regions of the spinal cord.
Pregnancy centers are on the rise.
Pregnancy centers doing medical work in many ways stand or fall together.
Pregnancy centers offer loving care .
Pregnancy complications are rare.
Pregnancy counseling is available through the health services office.
Pregnancy counseling is available.
Pregnancy counseling is offered in a confidential and compassionate atmosphere.
Pregnancy denial is definitely a risk factor.
Pregnancy diets promote growth.
Pregnancy discrimination can be direct or indirect.
Pregnancy discrimination can take many forms, subtle and blatant.
Pregnancy discrimination is a form of sex discrimination.
Pregnancy discrimination is a widespread problem in the maquiladoras.
Pregnancy discrimination is illegal under the Saskatchewan Human Rights Code.
Pregnancy discrimination is sex discrimination.
Pregnancy duration is measured from the first day of the last normal menstrual cycle.
Pregnancy home tests provide proof.
Pregnancy loss can be hard for others to understand.
Pregnancy loss can occur in the first, second or third trimester of pregnancy.
Pregnancy loss is a frustrating and challenging problem for couples and clinicians alike.
Pregnancy loss is a troubling concern.
Pregnancy loss is a uniquely female experience and has hormonal as well as emotional fall-out.
Pregnancy loss is an extremely traumatic experience and here is a potentially treatable cause.
Pregnancy loss means different things to different couples.
Any pregnancy loss can be difficult, even when the miscarriage occurs early in the pregnancy.
Some pregnancy losses occur in the second trimester.
Pregnancy prevention is a large, complex issue.
Pregnancy rate depends on many factors that are beyond physician, laboratory, and patient control.
Pregnancy rate has a major impact on the profitability of a cow-calf operation.
Pregnancy rate is determined by the conception rate and the service rate.
Pregnancy rate is unaffected.
Pregnancy rates are lower with abnormal semen analyses.
Pregnancy rates are more variable on mature cows with calves.
Pregnancy rates are notoriously high with condoms.
Pregnancy rates remain highest for women in their twenties.
Pregnancy rates vary considerably from clinic to clinic.
Pregnancy risk varies from woman to woman, however.
Some pregnancy symptoms are common while others are quite unique.
Pregnancy termination is offered at any gestational age.
A pregnancy test is bioassay
Pregnancy test Get a free pregnancy test and a maternity audio tape.
Pregnancy test is negative.
Pregnancy test is positive.
Pregnancy tests are also available.
Pregnancy tests are available through many clinics and medical practitioners.
Pregnancy tests are available upon request.
Pregnancy tests are bioassay.
Pregnancy tests are medical tests.
Pregnancy tests are most accurate if they are done after a menstrual period is missed.
Pregnancy tests are positive, sonar and X-ray are diagnostic.
Pregnancy tests are so easy to do.
Pregnancy tests based on blood samples are more sensitive than urine tests.
Pregnancy tests can be either urine tests or blood tests.
Pregnancy tests carried out by our staff provide a confidential result within five minutes.
Pregnancy tests detect increased levels of human chorionic gonadotropin.
Pregnancy tests identify pregnancy by looking for hCG in the urine or blood.
Pregnancy tests measure the amount of hCG in the urine.
Pregnancy tests take a little longer than two seconds.
Pregnancy tests take at least ten days to detect a pregnancy.
Most pregnancy tests depend on the process of agglutination.
Some pregnancy tests detect hormones.
Some pregnancy tests use antibodies.
Pregnancy testing is also available for small camelids.
Pregnancy testing is also available.
Pregnancy testing is an example.
Pregnancy testing is available at the clinic.
Pregnancy testing is available in the office without an appointment during routine office hours.
Pregnancy testing is available on a walk-in basis.
Pregnancy testing is done on a walk in basis during the same hours as premarital blood testing.
Pregnancy testing is offered.
Pregnancy testing is provided at no charge and results are immediate.
Pregnancy testing is provided at no charge and results are readily available.
Pregnancy testing is simple, quick and free.
Pregnancy testing uses a color change in a urine sample to indicate if a woman is pregnant.
Pregnancy tumors are soft reddish masses that develop rapidly and then remain static.
Pregnancies afer intracytoplasmic sperm injection of a single spermatozoan.
Pregnancies affected by anencephaly often result in miscarriages, stillbirth or neonatal death.
Pregnancies are high-risk situations for the mother, as well as the child.
Pregnancies are now more likely to be planned or occur within appropriate social arrangements.
Pregnancies are the sum of live births, abortions and estimated miscarriages.
Pregnancies are up, and the population has risen.
Pregnancies are very common in affairs.
Pregnancies can also be harder to maintain for older women.
Pregnancies involving clones are very dangerous.
Pregnancies start to show.
Pregnancy affects fetuses.
Pregnancy affects maternal tissues through the many hormones synthesized to support the pregnancy.
Pregnancy affects taste.
Pregnancy also can cause varicose veins, as well as hemorrhoids.
Pregnancy also deepens the pigmentation.
Pregnancy also increases levels of endorphins, the body's feel-good chemicals.
Pregnancy also influences migraine.
Pregnancy also influences the duration of the oestrous cycle and maternal behaviour.
Pregnancy also provides a motive to stop.
Pregnancy also seems to permit formation of new fat cells.
Pregnancy also tends to delay the onset and progression of the disease in susceptible women.
Pregnancy also triggers aggression in female meerkats and so increases the demands of dominance.
Pregnancy alters a woman's immune system.
Pregnancy alters the body-core temperature response to a simulated open field in rats.
Pregnancy appears to induce a temporary change in the natural progression of thyroiditis.
Pregnancy Bearing a child places extra demands on a woman's body.
Pregnancy becomes a symptom of having a child.
Pregnancy becomes birth, the plan, reality.
Pregnancy becomes the lady.
Pregnancy begins at conception, the time at which the male sperm and the female ovum unite.
Pregnancy begins if a fertilized egg attaches itself to the lining of the uterus.
Pregnancy begins when a fertilized egg successfully implants in the lining of the uterus.
Pregnancy begins when the fertilized egg is implanted in the woman's uterine wall.
Pregnancy begins with a fertilized egg.
Pregnancy brings mood changes for many women.
Pregnancy brings on all new fashion issues.
Pregnancy brings with it a number of expectations, dreams and fantasies.
Pregnancy can affect breathing.
Pregnancy can affect eye and kidney complications.
Pregnancy can also affect the condition.
Pregnancy can also cause hair thinning.
Pregnancy can also make symptoms of low blood sugar hard to detect.
Pregnancy can be a factor, too.
Pregnancy can be a great motivator for maintaining good health habits.
Pregnancy can be a hectic time.
Pregnancy can be a powerful motivator to change behavior.
Pregnancy can be a time of great joy, but it is also a time of great change for the entire family.
Pregnancy can be a time of joy and stress.
Pregnancy can be a very serious issue for Black women.
Pregnancy can be a wonderful time in a woman's life, but sometimes things go wrong.
Pregnancy can be an exciting yet difficult to remember things time.
Pregnancy can be difficult but helped with folic acid.
Pregnancy can be hard enough without struggling with depression.
Pregnancy can be very hard for a guy.
Pregnancy can cause a significant increase in the size of fibroids.
Pregnancy can cause blood pressure to rise.
Pregnancy can cause money problems or interfere with school or work.
Pregnancy can do it to.
Pregnancy can effect the relative severity of asthma.
Pregnancy can happen anytime after the implants are removed.
Pregnancy can happen if a sperm joins with a woman's egg.
Pregnancy can happen if any sperm land on the vulva or inside the vagina.
Pregnancy can happen if only one sperm joins with an egg.
Pregnancy can interfere with test results.
Pregnancy can lead to certain discomforts, from back strain to swollen ankles.
Pregnancy can make a dramatic influence on acne for better or for worse. . . .
Pregnancy can make any woman feel a little crazy at times.
Pregnancy can make both high and low blood glucose levels happen more often.
Pregnancy can make eye and kidney problems worse.
Pregnancy can make eyes and the kidney worse.
Pregnancy can make tight blood sugar control a challenge.
Pregnancy can occur if a sperm joins the egg and fertilization takes place.
Pregnancy can occur if any sperm end up on the vulva or inside the vagina.
Pregnancy can occur simultaneously with menarche.
Pregnancy can occur.
Pregnancy can often cause a remission of the disease.
Pregnancy can only occur in the presence of a uterus, an organ that is removed during hysterectomy.
Pregnancy can put the weight on.
Pregnancy can result even though menstruation is absent.
Pregnancy can result from rape and coerced sex.
Pregnancy can retard and sometimes cure the disease.
Pregnancy can sometimes cause the abdominal skin and muscles to become loose and flabby.
Pregnancy can trigger diabetes in some women.
Pregnancy can worsen diabetic eye disease.
Pregnancy care prior and after birth and midwifery.
Pregnancy causes a marked decrease in persistency compared to open cows.
Pregnancy causes changes in every system in the body.
Pregnancy causes enormous changes in a woman's body, affecting almost every part of it.
Pregnancy causes increased levels of estrogen to circulate in the mother's blood.
Pregnancy causes increases in hormone levels and blood volume which in turn cause veins to enlarge.
Pregnancy causes it sometimes.
Pregnancy causes many changes, both physical and emotional.
Pregnancy causes poor performance and decreases the selling price of slaughter heifers.
Pregnancy causes profound changes in the cardiovascular system.
Pregnancy causes so many physical and lifestyle adaptations, it can be overwhelming.
Pregnancy causes the stuffy nose.
Pregnancy changes the body's level of medication.
Pregnancy check all females in the breeding herd.
Pregnancy clearly shows how connection is our original condition of existence.
Pregnancy comes before raising children.
Pregnancy complicated by thalidomide exposure requires counseling for fetal malformations.
Pregnancy covers a variety of topics of interest to new and new-again parents.
Pregnancy dating is most accurate during the first half of pregnancy.
Pregnancy decreases risk of exacerbations, but exacerbations increase immediately post partum.
Pregnancy decreases the anesthetic drug dose requirement.
Pregnancy demands extra nutrient needs.
Pregnancy depletes folic acid, and a deficiency can cause birth defects.
Pregnancy does have an effect on the gums.
Pregnancy doesnt occur until the fertilized egg attaches itself to the uturine wall.
Pregnancy enhances G protein activation and nitric oxide release from uterine arteries.
Pregnancy enhances the antinociceptive effects of extradural lignocaine in the rat.
Pregnancy enhances the pressor response to thromboxane analogues in rabbits.
Pregnancy entails unique physical invasion and risk. . . .
Pregnancy Estimates the conception date, birth due date, and current fetal age.
Pregnancy Find information on pregnancy, breast feeding, birth defects and much more.
Pregnancy follows the regular course, regardless of the timing of ovulation.
Pregnancy Forget the quart of milk a day.
Pregnancy fucks up the hormones of a woman.
Pregnancy generally worsens preexisting gum problems, sometimes dramatically.
Pregnancy guide A woman's guide to pregnancy.
Pregnancy happens when the egg is fertilized by sperm, during sexual intercourse.
Pregnancy has (part) morning sickness.
Pregnancy has a similar effect on the risk of breast cancer.
Pregnancy has a variable effect on migraine headaches.
Pregnancy has a variable effect, but for most patients, weakness increases in the postpartum period.
Pregnancy has chances.
Pregnancy has cost.
Pregnancy has growth.
Pregnancy has low cost.
Pregnancy has no consistent effect on the course of Crohn's disease.
Pregnancy has no effect on the natural course of thyroid cancer.
Pregnancy has no long-term adverse effects on the course of sarcoidosis.
Pregnancy has patterns.
Pregnancy has whopping doses of estrogen.
Pregnancy helps to control prolactinomas.
Pregnancy hi both goats and sheep, pregnancy is maintained by the hormone progesterone.
Pregnancy increases a woman's protein needs.
Pregnancy increases all nutritional and vitamin needs.
Pregnancy increases dietary allowances for nutritional and vitamin needs.
Pregnancy increases median nerve susceptibility to lidocaine.
Pregnancy increases the production of melanin in the body.
Pregnancy increases the risk and incidence of folic acid deficiency.
Pregnancy increases the risk of visual loss in diabetic women with serious preexisting retinopathy.
Pregnancy increases the stress on the cardiovascular system.
Pregnancy induces hypertension in some women of color.
Pregnancy introduces changes in breast tissue.
Pregnancy involves a complex interplay of hormones .
Pregnancy involves a complex interplay of hormones.
Pregnancy involves growth.
Pregnancy involves prolonged hormone levels, particularly estrogen.
Pregnancy is a common association with pica and anemia is the associated medical effect.
Pregnancy is a common predisposing risk factor for the development of hemorrhoids.
Pregnancy is a condition that tends to unmask problems with sugar.
Pregnancy is a condition
Pregnancy is a confirmation that the woman has been fucked.
Pregnancy is a continuum.
Pregnancy is a contraindication.
Pregnancy is a critical time for a woman to consume more calcium.
Pregnancy is a critical time for women to be conscious of bone health.
Pregnancy is a different matter.
Pregnancy is a distinctive human experience.
Pregnancy is a factor which many lesbian women have deliberately excluded from their lives.
Pregnancy is a great time for a woman to quit.
Pregnancy is a great time to begin a yoga practice.
Pregnancy is a great time to learn about a healthy lifestyle.
Pregnancy is a great time to quit smoking and stay quit after the baby is born.
Pregnancy is a great time to quit smoking and to stay quit after the baby is born.
Pregnancy is a journey.
Pregnancy is a joyful time in a woman's life.
Pregnancy is a kind of stress test that often predicts future diabetic problems.
Pregnancy is a labor of love.
Pregnancy is a life-changing event.
Pregnancy is a major medical event in the life of a woman.
Pregnancy is a major risk factor.
Pregnancy is a matter of chance.
Pregnancy is a medical condition, just as impotence is a medical condition.
Pregnancy is a miraculous time of rapid growth and development.
Pregnancy is a natural result of sexual activity.
Pregnancy is a natural, healthy condition.
Pregnancy is a natural, healthy, and exciting time of life.
Pregnancy is a normal body process.
Pregnancy is a normal condition of the female body.
Pregnancy is a normal, healthy physical condition that many women experience.
Pregnancy is a normal, healthy physical condition.
Pregnancy is a period of intense progesterone stimulation by the placenta.
Pregnancy is a physiological process.
Pregnancy is a possibility too.
Pregnancy is a possibility, and so are sexually transmitted diseases, and physical injury.
Pregnancy is a private matter.
Pregnancy is a problem with heifers from some herds.
Pregnancy is a process of conferring intelligence.
Pregnancy is a quite unique situation.
Pregnancy is a relative contraindication for risk management reasons.
Pregnancy is a risk factor for battering.
Pregnancy is a risk factor for gallstones because of the high hormone levels.
Pregnancy is a risk factor for initiation or escalation of domestic violence.
Pregnancy is a risk factor for physical abuse.
Pregnancy is a risk, too, with unprotected intercourse.
Pregnancy is a serious matter.
Pregnancy is a significant risk factor.
Pregnancy is a special and exciting time.
Pregnancy is a special life event that presents unique physical and psychological challenges.
Pregnancy is a state unlike any other confronted by medicine.
Pregnancy is a stress, as is lactation.
Pregnancy is a symptom of illness.
Pregnancy is a symptom of poverty, race, sexual abuse and other social problems.
Pregnancy is a time filled with wonder about so many unknowns.
Pregnancy is a time of change both physically and emotionally.
Pregnancy is a time of change.
Pregnancy is a time of emotional awareness.
Pregnancy is a time of great change for the body.
Pregnancy is a time of great changes in the cardiovascular, or heart and blood vessel, system.
Pregnancy is a time of growth and hope, but it is also a time when a woman is very vulnerable.
Pregnancy is a time of growth of new maternal and fetal tissues.
Pregnancy is a time of happiness and joy, but it can also be a time of uncertainty and worry.
Pregnancy is a time of immense joy.
Pregnancy is a time of looking forward to an eagerly awaited moment.
Pregnancy is a time of tremendous growth and transformation.
Pregnancy is a time when hormonal influences can cause blood vessel changes.
Pregnancy is a time when many changes occur in a woman's body.
Pregnancy is a time where there is an abundance of fibrin.
Pregnancy is a tiring process.
Pregnancy is a transistion to motherhood both physically and psychologically.
Pregnancy is a unique situation.
Pregnancy is a uniquely intimate relationship between two people.
Pregnancy is a very democratic scientific challenge and it can inspire anyone.
Pregnancy is a very sensitive time for all women and the unborn baby.
Pregnancy is a very special time in a person's life.
Pregnancy is a voluntarily entered condition which results in some disability.
Pregnancy is a vulnerable state.
Pregnancy is a wonderful and exciting experience.
Pregnancy is a wonderful experience.
Pregnancy is a wonderful site just packed with good information and links.
Pregnancy is a wonderful time in a woman's life.
Pregnancy is a wonderful time, but it sure can bring with it a lot of worries.
Pregnancy is a wonderful time.
Pregnancy is a wonderful, but tiring experience.
Pregnancy is a wondrous and miraculous experience .
Pregnancy is a workplace issue that starts well before conception and ends long after birth.
Pregnancy is about slowing down to take care of life.
Pregnancy is about women and their bodies.
Pregnancy is accepted as necessary but held as a position with very low esteem.
Pregnancy is accompanied by a moderate increase.
Pregnancy is also a consideration.
Pregnancy is also a huge risk with unprotected or improperly protected sex.
Pregnancy is also a risk factor for hyperglycemia.
Pregnancy is also a time to work things out emotionally.
Pregnancy is also a very good time for meditation.
Pregnancy is also possible if semen or pre-ejaculate is spilled on the vulva.
Pregnancy is always a disease, and birth is always traumatic and excruciatingly painful.
Pregnancy is always a risk.
Pregnancy is an absolute contraindication to radiation exposure from x-rays.
Pregnancy is an amazing journey.
Pregnancy is an awesome experience.
Pregnancy is an exciting but anxiety- filled time.
Pregnancy is an ideal time for improving flexibility, as the whole body is geared to change.
Pregnancy is an important contraindication because of possible teratogenic effects.
Pregnancy is an important issue for survivors of most childhood diseases.
Pregnancy is an important topic in sociology of the family .
Pregnancy is an obvious reason, but there can be other causes.
Pregnancy is another common cause of constipation.
Pregnancy is another time of risk for cystitis.
Pregnancy is another time when progesterone is high.
Pregnancy is another word for gestation.
Pregnancy is another.
Pregnancy is associated with a great deal of systemic vascular changes.
Pregnancy is associated with blunted responsiveness to beta-agonists.
Pregnancy is associated with changes in bladder function.
Pregnancy is associated with gastrointestinal hypomotility.
Pregnancy is automatically protective to the child.
Pregnancy is broken down into three phases, which are called trimesters.
Pregnancy is by no means an appropriate route to the cessation of an eating disorder.
Pregnancy is confirmed with a pregnancy test.
Pregnancy is confirmed with laboratory testing services while applicant waits.
Pregnancy is considered a disability.
Pregnancy is considered a gender-related condition.
Pregnancy is considered a temporary disability under the law.
Pregnancy is considered a temporary disability.
Pregnancy is considered high-risk.
Pregnancy is counted from the first day of a woman's last period.
Pregnancy is covered as any other illness.
Pregnancy is covered in all five areas.
Pregnancy is deeply instinctual, and in labour the more survival-based limbic brain takes over.
Pregnancy is diseases.
Pregnancy is divided into thirds, or trimesters, each lasting about twelve to thirteen weeks.
Pregnancy is divided into three parts called 'trimesters'.
Pregnancy is divided into three separate time periods, or trimesters.
Pregnancy is divided into three trimesters, each one lasting approximately three months.
Pregnancy is divided into three trimesters.
Pregnancy is divided into three-month periods, called trimesters.
Pregnancy is down among teens, but they're still having sex too soon.
Pregnancy is established once fertilization of the ovum by the spermatozoon occurs.
Pregnancy is evidence of sexual intercourse.
Pregnancy is generally well tolerated in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Pregnancy is generally well tolerated.
Pregnancy is hazardous, and oral contraceptive agents are contraindicated.
Pregnancy is high risk once someone has had surgery to replace the aortic root.
Pregnancy is important, motherhood and giving birth, protecting the newly born, the innocent.
Pregnancy is in most maquilas a cause for firing.
Pregnancy is incredibly hard work.
Pregnancy is indicated when regular menstruation stops abruptly.
Pregnancy is just another state of being.
Pregnancy is known to worsen certain chronic conditions such as diabetes or cardiovascular disease.
Pregnancy is likened to a disease.
Pregnancy is literally a life-threatening condition for many women in the developing world.
Pregnancy is made a tapster.
Pregnancy is medical conditions.
Pregnancy is more of a concern for females while sexual activity is more of a concern for males.
Pregnancy is more than just financial problems.
Pregnancy is most likely to occur at the time of ovulation.
Pregnancy is never the time to diet.
Pregnancy is no excuse for being out of shape.
Pregnancy is no guarantee.
Pregnancy is no longer possible following hysterectomy and contraception is no longer necessary.
Pregnancy is no longer the only thing to fear from engaging in unprotected sex.
Pregnancy is no protection for domestic violence.
Pregnancy is no reason for becoming dull and unattractive.
Pregnancy is no time to be dieting.
Pregnancy is no time to diet.
Pregnancy is now officially compatible with a military career.
Pregnancy is often a good incentive for a woman to cut down or quit entirely.
Pregnancy is often an initiating event in women.
Pregnancy is often the cause, but excessive weight loss and aging also come into play.
Pregnancy is one condition where the body actually requires MORE salt in order to remain healthy.
Pregnancy is one example.
Pregnancy is one of the few situations when the use of herbal products can become complicated.
Pregnancy is one of the most exciting times in a woman's life.
Pregnancy is one of the most nutritionally demanding periods of a woman's life.
Pregnancy is one of the strongest motivators to kick a habit.
Pregnancy is one of the worst possible times to be under excess stress.
Pregnancy is only one of many concerns.
Pregnancy is part of a woman's everyday life.
Pregnancy is permissable after one year of normal titres.
Pregnancy is permissable after two years of normal titres.
Pregnancy is possible but depends upon the severity of the disease.
Pregnancy is possible but unlikely.
Pregnancy is possible if semen or pre-ejaculate is spilled on the vulva.
Pregnancy is possible if some of the lining is maintained, but generally infertility is the result.
Pregnancy is possible only a few days a month.
Pregnancy is possible within two to four months after stopping the injections.
Pregnancy is probably the definition of emotional turmoil.
Pregnancy is protected as a temporary disability.
Pregnancy is protected under the ground of gender.
Pregnancy is rare, but can occasionally occur naturally as well as through embryo transfer .
Pregnancy is regarded as a disqualifying condition for participation in the training.
Pregnancy is risky.
Pregnancy is seen more as an educational disruption than a social stigma.
Pregnancy is something a normal, healthy woman's body does.
Pregnancy is special for women with diabetes.
Pregnancy is spoken about in terms of fruitfulness and multiplication.
Pregnancy is such a time of change.
Pregnancy is supposed to be one of the happiest times in a woman's life.
Pregnancy is the beginning of a life-long bonding.
Pregnancy is the leading reason young girls drop out of high school.
Pregnancy is the most common cause of a missed period.
Pregnancy is the most common cause of amenorrhea.
Pregnancy is the most common reason for school dropout among girls.
Pregnancy is the most important period in a woman's life.
Pregnancy is the most often listed reason for dropping out of school.
Pregnancy is the natural result of having sex.
Pregnancy is the process of bringing forth life, while abortion is killing that life.
Pregnancy is the state of being pregnant.
Pregnancy is the time when the physical foundations for many behaviors are being formed.
Pregnancy is the ultimate fluctuation in a woman's hormonal status.
Pregnancy is the ultimate good reason to quit.
Pregnancy is the ultimate intimacy possible between human beings.
Pregnancy is therefore a privileged time fors piritual growth.
Pregnancy is therefore an emotional and psychological as well as a physiological transformation.
Pregnancy is to be treated as any other short-term disability.
Pregnancy is to be treated as any other temporary disability.
Pregnancy is treated as a temporary disabling condition.
Pregnancy is treated as any other disability or illness.
Pregnancy is treated the same way as any potentially disabling condition.
Pregnancy is usually a very happy time, but it can be a little scary too.
Pregnancy is very risk for sows because pups are large.
Pregnancy is very tiring and for an unexercised body especially so.
Pregnancy is yet another condition linked to an elevated sed rate.
Pregnancy is, at best, a very risky experience for both mother and child.
Pregnancy is, of course, a difficult time with physical changes and discomfort.
Pregnancy isa condition.
Pregnancy lasts about months.
Pregnancy lasts about three weeks in rats as well.
Pregnancy lasts eight and one half months.
Pregnancy lasts eight months and ends with a single baby.
Pregnancy lasts for eleven months.
Pregnancy lasts for months.
Pregnancy lasts for weeks.
Pregnancy lasts one year and ends with one calf.
Pregnancy lasts only couple of weeks and ends usually with four, poorly developed, babies.
Pregnancy lasts two to four weeks, with eggs developing faster in warmer temperatures.
Pregnancy leads to striking changes in the breasts.
Pregnancy leave is the principle issue.
Pregnancy leave versus parental leave.
Pregnancy makes a great disguise for a large woman.
Pregnancy means a conception that occurred after the covered person's effective date of coverage.
Pregnancy means change in a relationship.
Pregnancy now brings thought of tax deductions instead of coronaries.
Pregnancy occurs during the rainy season and births at the beginning of the dry season.
Pregnancy occurs when the egg is fertilized by a sperm.
Pregnancy permanently cures some women with the condition.
Pregnancy plays an odd dual role in breast cancer.
Pregnancy poses risk for mutation carriers.
Pregnancy presents enormous strain on a woman's body.
Pregnancy produces another sexually defined cycle for the woman.
Pregnancy produces life.
Pregnancy provides a classic justification for a conclusion of nonmootness.
Pregnancy provides a strong motivation for alcohol, tobacco, and drug using women to seek help.
Pregnancy puts tremendous strains on the heart and circulatory system.
Pregnancy puts young women's health at risk, through childbearing or unsafe abortion.
Pregnancy raises levels of the hormones, oestradiol and progesterone, for an even longer period.
Pregnancy reduces milk production during concurrent lactation.
Pregnancy related care is inadequate which leads to high maternal and infant mortality rates.
Pregnancy related issues can throw men and women into an emotional spin.
Pregnancy requires extra folate in the very early stages for cell division.
Pregnancy requires extra nutrients.
Pregnancy requires nutrients.
Pregnancy resources Links to some extremely informative and useful pregnancy sites.
Pregnancy results from the meeting of the male sperm and the female ovum in the fallopian tube.
Pregnancy results when a sperm reaches the egg in the tube.
Pregnancy See what's new in Pregnancy.
Pregnancy seems so long ago and the pains of labor are a fuzzy memory already.
Pregnancy seems to produce an ideal environment for yeasts to grow.
Pregnancy seems to short-circuit the process under certain circumstances.
Pregnancy shapes families, attitudes, and self-esteem.
Pregnancy significantly increases the risk of violence in teenage relationships.
Pregnancy starts at conception.
Pregnancy starts at implantation of the fertilized ovum in the womb.
Pregnancy starts to seem long.
Pregnancy starts with conception.
Pregnancy subtly affects hepatic function, especially bile transport.
Pregnancy suppresses a woman's immune system to prevent it from rejecting the fetus.
Pregnancy suppresses the endo.
Pregnancy suspends menstruation and often nursing the child does, also.
Pregnancy takes about six months .
Pregnancy takes about six months.
Pregnancy takes place again soon after parturition.
Pregnancy tends to cause constipation and the fiber help regulate bowel movements.
Pregnancy tests Accurate information on all options including abortion, adoption and parenting.
Pregnancy tests with on the spot results.
Pregnancy then begins if the fertilized egg attaches itself to the lining of the uterus.
Pregnancy then begins.
Pregnancy tops the list of complications related to ovum donation.
Pregnancy View the internet verison converted from the original presentation.
Pregnancy wins the prize for being the most myth-ridden medical condition.
Pregnancy always worsens diabetes.
Pregnancy often brings on mixed feelings for both the mother and father.
Pregnancy often causes rapid growth of genital warts.
Pregnancy often has an adverse effect. .
Pregnancy often increases emotional stress for both parents.
Pregnancy often involves some degree of risk.
Pregnancy often results in a reduction of symptoms, according to the Chicago physician.
Pregnancy sometimes creates a crisis and counselling is very important.
Pregnancy usually starts when a woman has sexual intercourse with a man .
Pregnancy usually starts when a woman has sexual intercourse with a man.
All pregnancies are at risk for birth defects.
All pregnancies are different.
All pregnancies begin at specific times within the lunar synodic cycle.
All pregnancies carry risk.
All pregnancies involve potential health risks.
Any pregnancy is an invitation to hover, to tune in, to swoop.
Every pregnancy can be very different.
Every pregnancy entails risk, especially where health care is poor.
Every pregnancy holds the potential for a lifetime of dreams and hopes.
Every pregnancy is a bit different.
Every pregnancy is a wanted pregnancy.
Every pregnancy is different and so is every labor and delivery.
Every pregnancy is different as is every woman with child is different.
Every pregnancy is different for every woman.
Every pregnancy is different, subsequent children tend to be felt moving less.
Every pregnancy is different.
Every pregnancy is of ultimate importance.
Every pregnancy is unique, changing from minute to minute as the labor progresses.
Every pregnancy is unique.
Many pregnancies go undiagnosed or unrecorded.
Many pregnancies result from a single woman's first, unprotected sexual experience.
Many pregnancies result from the lack of information about and access to contraceptive methods.
More pregnancies occur soon after treatment rather than several months later.
Most pregnancies are completely straightforward, apart from a few minor problems .
Most pregnancies are conceived while the egg is in the tube.
Most pregnancies are medically uneventful and end happily in the successful birth of a healthy baby.
Most pregnancies are normal, and most babies are healthy.
Most pregnancies are uneventful, and most complications can be treated.
Most pregnancies are uneventful.
Most pregnancies end happily with a healthy infant and mother.
Most pregnancies end happily with the birth of a healthy baby.
Most pregnancies have a healthy, happy outcome.
Most pregnancies proceed without any problem.
Most pregnancies proceed without complications.
Most pregnancies progress with few problems.
Most pregnancies result in a single birth, but twins are occasionally born.
Most pregnancies result in the birth of a healthy infant.
Most pregnancy affects fetuses.
Most pregnancy affects taste.
Most pregnancy has chances.
Most pregnancy has growth.
Most pregnancy has low cost.
Most pregnancy has patterns.
Most pregnancy involves growth.
Most pregnancy lasts about months.
Most pregnancy lasts for eleven months.
Most pregnancy lasts for months.
Most pregnancy lasts for weeks.
Most pregnancy related problems happen now.
Most pregnancy requires extra nutrients.
Most pregnancy requires nutrients.
Some pregnancies are easy.
Some pregnancies become complicated and bedrest becomes necessary, here's how to stay sane.
Some pregnancies develop problems, but again, most turn out just fine.
Some pregnancy becomes cysts.
Some pregnancy increases occurrences.
Some pregnancy leads to birth defects.
Some pregnancy leads to cysts.
Some pregnancy leads to defects.
Pregnant adolescents can usually benefit from counseling and services offered by a social worker.
Pregnant animals can lose their young.
Pregnant babes take part in orgys.
Pregnant bears go through a process known as delayed implantation.
Pregnant bitches can carry encysted roundworm larva in their tissues.
Pregnant bodies are beautiful.
Pregnant bondage can always hardcore up dating hot women.
A pregnant chad is a chad
Pregnant chad means a hole is punched through the chad but it still hangs on all four sides.
Pregnant cow carries endangered species.
Pregnant cows abort.
Pregnant cows are easier to observe if separated from cows that have calved.
Pregnant cows are easier to observe if separated from cows that havecalved.
Pregnant cows deliver calves.
Pregnant cows deliver healthy calves.
Most pregnant cows deliver calves.
Most pregnant cows deliver healthy calves.
Pregnant dogs lose interest.
Most pregnant dogs lose interest.
Some pregnant dogs have hookworms.
Pregnant female polar bears enter dens.
Pregnant females appear to have different feeding habits than lactating females.
Pregnant females are a little more difficult to handle but can be easily managed by adults.
Pregnant females are pot-bellied and have a black spot just above the anus.
Pregnant females are the only Baikal seals to haul out during the winter.
Pregnant females are transferred to a maternity pen when they are ready to give birth.
Pregnant females are usually the first to enter dens in the fall.
Pregnant females can cause spontaneous abortions or stillbirth.
Pregnant females can pass the virus to their newborn children.
Pregnant females carry the eggs externally as a sponge beneath their pleiopods.
Pregnant females catabolize their own fat and protein reserves during periods of food deprivation.
Pregnant females construct deep, permanent burrows in which to bear young.
Pregnant females dig dens for their litters.
Pregnant females drop their antlers within days of calving.
Pregnant females excavate a maternity den, generally in drifted snow near the coast.
Pregnant females gather in shallow lagoons to give birth to calves.
Pregnant females isolate themselves and into thickets as parturition approaches.
Pregnant females make dens in abandoned porcupine burrows, rocky crevices or dense vegetation.
Pregnant females make dens in the soft deep snows of the ice.
Pregnant females move inshore to drop their young in nursery and pupping grounds.
Pregnant females shed their antlers soon after the calves are born in the spring.
Pregnant females show an enlarged lower abdomen, with continued anterior expansion over time.
Pregnant females travel to the lagoons to give birth and raise the calf.
Most pregnant females hibernate on land in excavated dens in the snow, usually on a steep slope.
Most pregnant females spend the autumn and winter on land in maternity dens.
Pregnant ferrets can also transmit it through the placenta to their unborn babies.
Pregnant girl becomes bear.
Pregnant girls are likely to drop out of school.
Pregnant hamsters need proteins.
Pregnant livestock are the most sensitive.
Pregnant mammals carry their developing babies inside their uterus.
Pregnant mares are cranky.
Pregnant moms come in, glassy-eyed.
Pregnant mothers have diets.
Pregnant mothers have many questions about breast feeding.
Pregnant mothers have more complications during childbirth.
Pregnant mothers infected with group B streptococci can transmit the infection to their babies.
Pregnant mothers keep their children.
Pregnant mothers need proteins.
Most pregnant mothers have diets.
Some pregnant mothers come to offices.
Pregnant ones are usually big.
Pregnant patients benefit greatly from ultrasound.
Pregnant patients benefit immensely from drugless chiropractic care.
Some pregnant pigs develop calcium deficiencies.
Some pregnant pigs develop deficiencies.
Some pregnant pigs develop medical problems.
Some pregnant pigs develop problems.
Some pregnant pigs develop serious medical problems.
Some pregnant pigs develop serious problems.
Some pregnant pigs have requirements.
Pregnant Pussies See tons of pictures of naked pregnant women.
Pregnant queens deliver their litters by themselves, guided by instinct.
Pregnant rats have offspring.
Most pregnant rats have offspring.
Pregnant silences play an important role here.
Pregnant smokers are more likely to have low birth weight babies and complications during birth.
Pregnant smokers have higher rates of miscarriage and premature babies.
Pregnant smokers have higher rates of miscarriage, still births and babies who are born too soon.
Pregnant smokers have higher rates of miscarriage, stillbirths, and babies who are born early.
Pregnant smokers transfer potent carcinogen.
Some pregnant smokers have babies.
Pregnant sows are the first to go to dens, males are the last.
Pregnant students require a medical certificate attesting pregnancy.
Pregnant teens are also a part of the participants.
Pregnant teens are an easy target, because they have obviously done something wrong.
Pregnant teens are hot.
Pregnant teens are least likely of all maternal age groups to get early and regular prenatal care.
Pregnant teens face an adult world with few resources.
Pregnant teens run a risk of anemia, high blood pressure, and premature labour.
All pregnant teens are eligible.
Many pregnant teens avoid having an abortion, but then turn to adoption.
Most pregnant teens do turn to their parents when faced with an unwanted pregnancy.
Some pregnant teens quit school.
Pregnant teenagers are frequently at very high risk.
Pregnant teenagers are least likely to obtain adequate prenatal care.
Pregnant vegetarians are no more likely to be anemic than non-vegetarians.
Some pregnant wives deliver baby boys.
Some pregnant wives deliver boys.
Pregnant woman are always capable of making sound, informed choices.
Pregnant woman can pass the disease to their babies before birth.
Pregnant women appear to be more sensitive to bupivicaine cardiac toxicity.
Pregnant women are a priority, and are accepted at any stage of their pregnancy.
Pregnant women are a specific category of persons protected by law from employment discrimination.
Pregnant women are able to tolerate substantial blood loss as a natural consequence of delivery.
Pregnant women are all sexually active.
Pregnant women are almost sacred.
Pregnant women are almost twice as likely to be sleepy during the day than other women.
Pregnant women are also a high-risk group.
Pregnant women are also at risk for developing pregnancy tumors.
Pregnant women are also at risk of developing incontinence during and after pregnancy.
Pregnant women are also at risk.
Pregnant women are also especially at risk.
Pregnant women are also more at risk.
Pregnant women are also more prone to develop yeast infections.
Pregnant women are also of special concern because of the developing fetus.
Pregnant women are also particularly vulnerable to the disease, which is curable if diagnosed early.
Pregnant women are also particularly vulnerable to the disease.
Pregnant women are also susceptible.
Pregnant women are at a higher risk for birth defects stemming from an episode of food born illness.
Pregnant women are at high risk also, they can get piles either during or after the childbirth.
Pregnant women are at increased risk for complications from influenza.
Pregnant women are at twice the risk of being assaulted.
Pregnant women are beautiful and bursting with life as well as horney and wanting sex all the time.
Pregnant women are brand loyal.
Pregnant women are eligible for pregnancy related services only.
Pregnant women are eligible for pre-natal care and other medical services.
Pregnant women are eligible for the services.
Pregnant women are eligible if they have at least one child in their custody.
Pregnant women are especially at risk because the bacteria can cause miscarriages.
Pregnant women are even more likely to be beaten by husbands or boyfriends.
Pregnant women are free from the violent attacks of the men they live with.
Pregnant women are ineligible for the study.
Pregnant women are likely to miscarry or give birth to babies with a range of disabilities.
Pregnant women are more likely to die than are others.
Pregnant women are more prone to injury of the ligaments.
Pregnant women are more susceptible to the effects of carbon monoxide exposure.
Pregnant women are no exception.
Pregnant women are no more likely to develop a UTI than other women.
Pregnant women are now the top priority.
Pregnant women are often concerned about gaining too much weight.
Pregnant women are on safest ground when they avoid alcohol completely.
Pregnant women are particularly at risk for carpal tunnel syndrome.
Pregnant women are particularly at risk.
Pregnant women are particularly prone to their partners' abuse.
Pregnant women are particularly susceptible.
Pregnant women are particularly vulnerable to abuse.
Pregnant women are particularly vulnerable.
Pregnant women are physiologically prepared for hemorrhage.
Pregnant women are prone to gastric reflux due to the height of the uterus.
Pregnant women are sometimes at risk.
Pregnant women are special targets for abuse.
Pregnant women are vulnerable to heat waves and other extreme events, like flooding.
Pregnant women are welcome at the meetings, which can be real eye-openers.
Pregnant women are well people.
Pregnant women are women.
Pregnant women avoid toxins.
Pregnant women become hungrier, especially during the last two trimesters of pregnancy.
Pregnant women can also buy meals at a minimal cost.
Pregnant women can also have tests done to see if the fetus they are carrying has genetic illnesses.
Pregnant women can also pass the virus on to their babies before or at birth.
Pregnant women can also pass the virus to their unborn children.
Pregnant women can also transmit the disease to their babies during pregnancy or delivery.
Pregnant women can attend childbirth classes.
Pregnant women can avoid stretch marks by massaging skin cream on the abdomen twice a day.
Pregnant women can determine the sex of their fetus through ultrasound and other examinations.
Pregnant women can develop Gestational diabetes.
Pregnant women can eat as much other fish as they like.
Pregnant women can enjoy a wonderful and safe spa experience.
Pregnant women can face premature birth and reduced birth weight of their babies.
Pregnant women can gain extra comfort while they sleep by placing it between their legs.
Pregnant women can get flu shots, preferably after the first three months of pregnancy.
Pregnant women can have babies.
Pregnant women can infect the fetus.
Pregnant women can join the prorated prenatal yoga class anytime.
Pregnant Women Can Keep Cats.
Pregnant women can lose their babies.
Pregnant women can meet their energy and nutrient needs through vegetarian diets.
Pregnant women can participate safely in many sports and other activities.
Pregnant women can pass gonorrhea along to their baby during delivery.
Pregnant women can pass it to an unborn child with severe consequences.
Pregnant women can pass the disease to their babies before birth.
Pregnant women can pass the infection on to their fetuses, resulting in miscarriage or stillbirths.
Pregnant women can pass the infection to their unborn babies.
Pregnant women can pass the virus to their babies during vaginal delivery.
Pregnant women can pass the virus to their babies while giving birth.
Pregnant women can pass the virus to their infants during birth.
Pregnant women can place it between their legs for added support while they sleep.
Pregnant women can place the L-shape pillow between their legs for added support while sleeping.
Pregnant women can recieve free pre-natal vitamins when they show proof of pregnancy.
Pregnant women can see their babies in the womb.
Pregnant women can use spirulina's vegetable protein and bioavailable iron.
Pregnant women carry children.
Pregnant women catch diseases.
Pregnant women considering breastfeeding are also welcome.
Pregnant women consume calories.
Pregnant women consume food.
Pregnant women consume fresh food.
Pregnant women crave food.
Pregnant women crave unusual and sometimes unhealthy foods.
Pregnant women do get kidney stones.
Pregnant women drink alcohol.
Pregnant women eat diets.
Pregnant women eat fish.
Pregnant women eat healthy diets.
Pregnant women engage in behavior.
Pregnant women engage in other unhealthy behavior.
Pregnant women engage in unhealthy behavior.
Pregnant women enjoy the same constitutional rights as other competent adults.
Pregnant women experience sickness.
Pregnant women expose to secondhand smoke.
Pregnant women expose to smoke.
Pregnant women feel movement.
Pregnant women find tendencies.
Pregnant women follow the advice of the nutritionist.
Pregnant women get very horny and masturbate.
Pregnant women go through life.
Pregnant women have a dramatically high mortality rate.
Pregnant women have a greater risk of developing urinary tract infections.
Pregnant women have a tendency to dehydrate more rapidly.
Pregnant women have an increased chance of miscarrying during pregnancy.
Pregnant women have calcium.
Pregnant women have choice of hospitals for delivery.
Pregnant women have concern.
Pregnant women have death.
Pregnant women have fetal death.
Pregnant women have ideas.
Pregnant women have low blood sugars.
Pregnant women have many rights.
Pregnant women have priority for immediate treatment.
Pregnant women have priority for treatment, even if the clinic has a long waiting list.
Pregnant women have special concern.
Pregnant women have the highest incidence of daily heartburn.
Pregnant women have tough decisions to make.
Pregnant women have trouble getting enough iron from the diet alone.
Pregnant women have unique and very important needs for extra calcium and folic acid.
Pregnant women hear lots of suggestions from helpful friends and relatives.
Pregnant women limit caffeine intake.
Pregnant women limit intake.
Pregnant women loose their eyesight if they see a snake.
Pregnant women lose some of their immunity.
Pregnant women means women determined to have one or more embryos or fetuses in utero.
Pregnant women need calcium.
Pregnant women need daily prenatal vitamins.
Pregnant women need daily vitamins.
Pregnant women need nutrients.
Pregnant women need prenatal vitamins.
Pregnant women need proteins.
Pregnant women need vitamins.
Pregnant women pay taxes too.
Pregnant women place headphones over their swollen bellies.
Pregnant women poisoned by lead can pass that on to a developing fetus.
Pregnant women prefer to be seen by midwives.
Pregnant women produce a lot of cervical fluid.
Pregnant women produce antibodies to protect their foetuses.
Pregnant women produce various hormones essential to the baby's growth.
Pregnant women receive an additional food supply.
Pregnant women receive anti-tetanus vaccines.
Pregnant women receive injections of drugs, which create deformity in newborns.
Pregnant women receive pre-natal care and other medical services.
Pregnant women receive prenatal care and other medical services.
Pregnant women receive priority placement.
Pregnant women report that watsu rejuvenates their overtaxed lower backs.
Pregnant women reporting abuse are more likely to deliver a low birthweight infant.
Pregnant women require diets that are appropriate even if they are calorifically adequate.
Pregnant women require different amounts of iron, folic acid, sodium, and sugar intake.
Pregnant women require more calcium, iron and folic acid than non-pregnant women.
Pregnant women run a higher risk of gum disease due to hormonal influences.
Pregnant women say the major cause of stress is a difficult relationship with their partner.
Pregnant women secrete the hormone, relaxin, which causes ligaments to expand.
Pregnant women see children.
Pregnant women see first hands.
Pregnant women see hands.
Pregnant women seek advice.
Pregnant women seek care.
Pregnant women seek prenatal care.
Pregnant women seek the services of a physician or a village midwife if problems arise.
Pregnant women seem more prone to UTIs than other women.
Pregnant women suffer from frequent miscarriages and other pathologies.
Pregnant women take care.
Pregnant women tend to do too much, especially if they have other children.
Pregnant women tend to lean back as their bellies grow, which puts more strain on the spine.
Pregnant women trade tips on nausea.
Pregnant women using cocaine are at high risk of miscarriage.
All pregnant women can have tests to detect of NTDs in the second trimester of pregnancy.
All pregnant women face some level of maternal risk.
All pregnant women have access to prenatal and postnatal clinics.
All pregnant women have some degree of insulin resistance.
All pregnant women risk developing varicose veins.
All pregnant women tend toward anemia to some degree.
Any pregnant woman can get an abortion for any reason, or for no reason at all.
Any pregnant woman can have preterm labor.
Every pregnant woman faces health risks.
Every pregnant woman has a chance of needing to have a cesarean.
Every pregnant woman has diagnostic tests during the pregnancy.
Every pregnant woman is a different world.
Every pregnant woman lives with the fear of miscarriage.
Every pregnant woman receives intermittent treatment for malaria.
Many pregnant women become iron deficient, which can be corrected with a supplement containing iron.
Many pregnant women claim that spicy food triggers their nausea too.
Many pregnant women come up with abnormal tests due to changes in their body and hormones.
Many pregnant women develop reddish streaks or stretch marks as the abdomen and breasts grow.
Many pregnant women experience shortness of breath during pregnancy.
Many pregnant women experience vaginal yeast infections.
Many pregnant women expirence the phenomenom of morning sickness when they become pregnant.
Many pregnant women express concern about whether the procedure harms the fetus.
Many pregnant women feel an increased desire for sex, usually during the second trimester.
Many pregnant women feel some brief abdominal cramping after intercourse.
Many pregnant women find it very uncomfortable to wear seat belts.
Many pregnant women find massage very relaxing.
Many pregnant women find that they no longer want to eat certain foods.
Many pregnant women find they have more saliva during pregnancy which is another cause of nausea.
Many pregnant women have below normal hemoglobins.
Many pregnant women have concerns about the safety of hair dyes and permanents during pregnancy.
Many pregnant women have questions about exercise.
Many pregnant women hold two jobs, the one at work and the one at home.
Many pregnant women look radiantly healthy.
Many pregnant women report a fetal jerk or sudden kick just after a door slams or a car backfires.
Many pregnant women share a common concern related to eating out.
Many pregnant women worry about wearing a seat belt.
Most pregnant women are immune because of previous infection.
Most pregnant women avoid toxins.
Most pregnant women can continue to exercise, work, travel, take baths, and have sex.
Most pregnant women can expect to have at least one ultrasound anywhere from the fourth month on.
Most pregnant women can have babies.
Most pregnant women can safely travel until close to their due date.
Most pregnant women carry children.
Most pregnant women compensate by altering their gait.
Most pregnant women consume calories.
Most pregnant women consume food.
Most pregnant women consume fresh food.
Most pregnant women crave food.
Most pregnant women drink alcohol.
Most pregnant women eat diets.
Most pregnant women eat fish.
Most pregnant women eat healthy diets.
Most pregnant women engage in behavior.
Most pregnant women engage in other unhealthy behavior.
Most pregnant women engage in unhealthy behavior.
Most pregnant women enjoy busy schedules and the ability to move about freely.
Most pregnant women expose to secondhand smoke.
Most pregnant women expose to smoke.
Most pregnant women feel movement.
Most pregnant women find tendencies.
Most pregnant women find that their vision returns to normal soon after delivery.
Most pregnant women go through life.
Most pregnant women have a systolic end murmur.
Most pregnant women have at least some nausea, and about a third have vomiting.
Most pregnant women have calcium.
Most pregnant women have concern.
Most pregnant women have death.
Most pregnant women have fetal death.
Most pregnant women have ideas.
Most pregnant women have no problems in their pregnancies or deliveries.
Most pregnant women have one.
Most pregnant women have some morning sickness.
Most pregnant women have special concern.
Most pregnant women limit caffeine intake.
Most pregnant women limit intake.
Most pregnant women look somewhat swollen towards the end of their pregnancies.
Most pregnant women pay close attention to nutrition.
Most pregnant women see children.
Most pregnant women see first hands.
Most pregnant women see hands.
Most pregnant women seek advice.
Most pregnant women seek care.
Most pregnant women seek prenatal care.
Most pregnant women take a shot before breakfast, before dinner and before bedtime.
Most pregnant women take care.
Most pregnant women take drugs of some kind.
Most pregnant women use their husband's shirts.
Some pregnant woman refuse to wear set belts when they drive or ride in a car.
Some pregnant women appear to get better during pregnancy, while others remain about the same.
Some pregnant women are also more prone to pneumonia.
Some pregnant women are at increased risk of giving birth to a baby with congenital heart disease.
Some pregnant women avoid alcohol.
Some pregnant women avoid consume raw shellfishes.
Some pregnant women avoid consume shellfishes.
Some pregnant women avoid contact.
Some pregnant women avoid meat.
Some pregnant women avoid raw meat.
Some pregnant women avoid raw shellfishes.
Some pregnant women avoid shellfishes.
Some pregnant women can take certain types of medication and have perfectly normal babies.
Some pregnant women choose diets.
Some pregnant women contribute to defects.
Some pregnant women develop varicose veins.
Some pregnant women exhibit depressions.
Some pregnant women experience bleeding during their pregnancy.
Some pregnant women experience RLS, especially in their last trimester.
Some pregnant women find sitting to be the most comfortable massage position.
Some pregnant women follow balance diets.
Some pregnant women follow diets.
Some pregnant women get brownish, uneven marks around their eyes and over the nose and cheeks.
Some pregnant women have acid.
Some pregnant women have calcium requirements.
Some pregnant women have energy requirements.
Some pregnant women have fetuses.
Some pregnant women have requirements.
Some pregnant women have too little iron in their blood.
Some pregnant women produce testosterone.
Some pregnant women stay smokers.
Some pregnant women suffer a great deal from morning sickness, while others feel no sickness at all.
Some pregnant women suffer epilepsy.
Some pregnant women suffer from excretion.
Some pregnant women suffer from malaria.
Some pregnant women suffer from vaginal excretion.
Some pregnant women take capsules.
Some pregnant women try to avoid capture by going into hiding.
Some pregnant women use marijuana.
Some pregnant women use oil.
Some pregnant women work in cane fields.
Some pregnant women work in fields.
Preharvest intervals vary by label.
Preharvest losses are ears that drop from the stalk before harvesting begins.
Preharvest losses are pods and beans that are shattered from the plants before harvesting begins.
Preheated ovens are critical in baking.
Prehensile tails are also common.
Prehensile tails have tips.
Most prehensile tails have tips.
Some prehensile tails act like hands.
Some prehensile tails have pads.
Prehension involves grasping for an object that is in front of the body.
Prehension is control
Preheparinized syringes ensure a consistent dose and amount of heparin.
Prehistoric animals have growth.
Prehistoric animals provide information about things that lived in the past.
Most prehistoric animals have growth.
Some prehistoric animals survive for years.
Prehistoric archaeologists identify stages.
Most prehistoric archaeologists identify stages.
Prehistoric archaeology places more emphasis on environment.
Prehistoric archeology is concerned with the period in human history before written records.
Prehistoric art continues in various parts of the globe including North and South America.
Prehistoric art is visible in the artifacts.
Prehistoric birds have claws.
Most prehistoric birds have claws.
Most prehistoric bows are straight.
Prehistoric creatures are abundant in the fossil record of the region.
Prehistoric creatures shed their shells much like some of today's marine creatures do.
Prehistoric dogs are amongst the most timid of animals.
Prehistoric dogs have both a highly developed sense of smell and incredibly quick reactions.
Prehistoric fort remains on southern coast.
Prehistoric groups form another important part of the region's cultural diversity.
Prehistoric juvenile rheumatoid arthritis in a precontact Louisiana native population reconsidered.
Some prehistoric mammals resemble elephants.
Prehistoric ocean remains and the world's largest deposit of quartz conglomerate.
Many prehistoric paintings depict prehistoric animals with remarkable accuracy.
Prehistoric Park features life-sized models of the prehistoric animals that once roamed the area.
Prehistoric people seem to have made some attempts to treat mental disorders.
Prehistoric platypus fits the bill.
Prehistoric relics round out the exhibit.
Some prehistoric reptiles live during early periods.
Some prehistoric reptiles live during periods.
Prehistoric rock engravings whisper ancient stories.
Prehistoric settlement is proved by finds on both sides of the valley.
Prehistoric traces become visible, and then the successive cultural strata.
Prehistoric volcanoes puncture the horizon.
A prehistory is a period
Prehistories are time periods.
Prehistory begins and ends at different times in different parts of the world.
Prehistory is defined as the time before written records .
Prehistory is divided into different time periods.
Prehistory is that which occurred before the appearance of writing.
Prehistory is the story of human existence before mankind had written records in history.
Prehistory is the time before the invention of a recordable language.
Prehistory literally means before writing.
Prehistory means history of a time before any written record .
Prehistory means history of a time before any written record.
Prehistory means pre-writing.
Prehistory Provides a description of prehistoric Oregon archaeology.
Prehospital care is similar to that of burns.
Prehospital care is the practice of medicine outside the hospital.
Prehospital providers are also very skilled and dependable.
Prehospital therapy is limited to supportive care and management of complications.
Prehospital treatment includes basic life support therapy.
Prehospital treatment is rapid transport, airway and fluid replacement, if possible.
Preinstalled scripts are available for counters and form to email gateways.
Preinstalled software enables wireless file transfer, file synchronization, and data transfer.
Prejudgment interest is compensation given to a plaintiff for the lost use of money.
Prejudice causes a desire to punch.
Prejudice is discrimination.
Prejudice is partisanship
Prejudice separates race from race and religion from religion.
Prejudices are a result of ignorance and misunderstanding.
Prejudices are absent.
Prejudices are attitudes rooted in ignorance and a fear of differences.
Prejudices are attitudes.
Prejudices are biases of our openness to the world.
Prejudices are crucial for understanding racism .
Prejudices are especially prevalent and are very largely determinative of human relationships.
Prejudices are everywhere, and moving to a foreign country is difficult in the first place.
Prejudices are great barriers to our personal progress.
Prejudices are like passions.
Prejudices are the negative feelings toward other races.
Prejudices are the props of civilization.
Prejudices are very strong when one is tired.
Prejudices are what fools use for reason.
Prejudices are wrong but ordinary human beings have faults.
Prejudices based on religion, race, or nationality are contrary to spirituality and divine love.
Prejudices certainly do remain, but, gradually, attitudes are changing.
Prejudices die hard.
Prejudices die slowly.
Prejudices even influence large sections of the left.
Prejudices go so deep.
Prejudices involve strong feelings that are difficult to change.
Prejudices play a passive rule in leading Western writers away from the facts.
Prejudices play an important role in a jury's decision.
Prejudices refer to pre judgments.
Prejudices severely limit our ability to respond to change.
Prejudices soon become well-established weeds with deep taproots.
Prejudices thinking is like pouring cement into the brain.
Prejudices sometimes limit the possibility of certain voices being heard.
All prejudice stems from ignorance.
All prejudices have to be shed.
Many prejudices still exist in basic oncology.
Much prejudice comes from a lack of association with people of other cultures.
Some prejudice is obvious, but other times it occurs more subtly.
Some prejudices are innocent, but others are vicious.
Prejudiced attitudes reinforce unequal treatment of individuals or a group of people.
Prejudiced people are all alike.
Prejudiced people are like rabbits that scamper along narrow paths and hide in burrows.
Prejudiced people make judgements about others based on unfounded fears.
Prejudicial attitudes leads to hate crimes, segregation, and bias.
All prekindergarten children experiencing homelessness are eligible for the prekindergarten program.
Prekindergarten students attend a half day session.
Prelate serpents bless With fangful sermons.
A prelate is a priest
Prelates wear the rochet and mantelletta, or the surplice, over the purple cassock and purple sash.
Prelim files are available to anyone.
A prelim is a contest
Prelim grading timelines vary considerably across fields and across individual committee members.
Prelims are available for pickup in the consulting office.
Prelims are free.
Prelims begin at noon.
Prelimenary results show some beneficial effects in the absence of manifest side-effects.
Preliminary activities start with students surveying the school grounds.
Preliminary analyses indicate reductions.
Preliminary analyses indicate that the prevalence of supplement use was similar in the two surveys.
Preliminary analyses indicate that the wave vectors also rotate to a more perpendicular orientation.
Preliminary analyses suggest excellent interitem consistency reliability and construct validity.
Preliminary analyses suggest that tumors are more common nearshore than offshore.
Preliminary analyses suggest they are.
Preliminary analysis indicates a high quality data set.
Preliminary analysis indicates good correspondence with specified throughput values.
Preliminary analysis indicates satisfactory light rejection performance.
Preliminary analysis indicates that all three receivers show two different, but common sources.
Preliminary analysis indicates that primary production was also higher in the spring.
Preliminary analysis indicates that surface conditions are good.
Preliminary analysis indicates that the failed guide star was binary.
Preliminary analysis indicates that the guide star was binary.
Preliminary analysis indicates that the lube oil hydraulically locked the engine.
Preliminary analysis indicates that the software is meeting all of the requirements.
Preliminary analysis indicates that the value of each type of payment varied by age and sex.
Preliminary analysis indicates the possibility that all martian dust is at least slightly magnetic.
Preliminary analysis is complete, pending results of the traffic modeling.
Preliminary analysis reveals the presence of one molecule in the asymmetric unit.
Preliminary analysis reveals, for instance, an interesting feature in the warm ion number density.
Preliminary analysis shows that the other category is more similar to whites than to blacks.
Preliminary analysis shows that the U.S. computer industry is more robust than previously believed.
Preliminary analysis suggests an improvement in disease-related symptoms in responding patients.
Preliminary analysis suggests that selection of an implementation process is contextual.
Preliminary analysis suggests that there was no impact from the event.
Preliminary analysis suggests there was little excess mortality associated with influenza.
Most preliminary analyses indicate reductions.
Some preliminary analyses show orbits.
Some preliminary analyses suggest involvement.
Preliminary application is by letter of intent only.
Preliminary applications are also available on the website.
Preliminary applications are available in multiple formats beginning at varying times.
Preliminary approval is tentative.
Preliminary approval is the go ahead for the work to be fabricated and installed.
Preliminary arrangement is necessary to make an order.
Preliminary Arrangements Be sure to make an advance check of the room facility and set-up.
Preliminary assessment shows no dark current, but many cosmic ray events.
Preliminary assessments are very encouraging.
Preliminary assessments show that damage is severe.
Preliminary assessments show that many homes have been damaged or destroyed.
Preliminary assignments are independent of the categorical assignments.
Preliminary audition is by tape.
Preliminary audition is by video tape.
Preliminary auditions take places.
Most preliminary auditions take places.
Preliminary billing can occur prior to registration.
Preliminary budget includes tax increase .
Preliminary calculations designed to predict dissolution are in progress.
Some preliminary calculations show deficits.
Some preliminary calculations show significant deficits.
Preliminary categorisation encompasses two key dimensions.
Preliminary certification is optional.
Preliminary chapters explain technical improvements, relate fashion, world events to designs etc.
Preliminary checks indicate that both boosters are in good condition.
Preliminary checks show no apparent impacts to fish or other aquatic life.
Preliminary comparison indicates no systematic effects between the results for the two telescopes.
Preliminary comparison offers evidence.
Most preliminary comparison offers evidence.
Preliminary competition continues tonight.
Preliminary conclusion is that slumping appears to work well.
Preliminary consultation assures a good match of school and scholar.
Preliminary conversations are already underway with likely candidates.
All preliminary conversations are strictly confidential.
Preliminary costs have to be worked out to make sure that the project stays within the budget.
Preliminary data are available .
Preliminary data are encouraging.
Preliminary data are very helpful and can be included here.
Preliminary data bring both good news and some concerns.
Preliminary data confirm that the blood products are safe, efficacious, and cost-effective.
Preliminary data indicate great gains in achievement since the program was implemented.
Preliminary data indicate high variability in terms of error types, gap lengths and noise levels.
Preliminary data indicate it is relatively immobile in sandy loam soils.
Preliminary data indicate minimal, if any, placental passage of ritonavir.
Preliminary data indicate that gibberellic acid treatment can induce flowering.
Preliminary data indicate that homologous proteins exist in a variety of human tissues.
Preliminary data indicate that students have benefited academically.
Preliminary data indicate that the program worked for half of the students in it last year.
Preliminary data indicate that the targeted mutated sequence was repaired.
Preliminary data indicate that women adjust more favorably to a crowded environment than men.
Preliminary data indicate the flight went well.
Preliminary data indicate the test achieved good results.
Preliminary data is just that, preliminary data.
Preliminary data is now available.
Preliminary data is required.
Preliminary data is valuable.
Preliminary data is very promising.
Preliminary data reflect a significant improvement in student achievement.
Preliminary data reflect only two years of operation, so it is difficult to predict any trends.
Preliminary data seem to confirm the models and indicate the importance of the investigation.
Preliminary data show a reduction in weed populations.
Preliminary data show that a short circuit burned the wiring at the base of the panel.
Preliminary data show the nursing work force has risen, but it is also growing older.
Preliminary data shows some efficacy.
Preliminary data suggest some cardiovascular benefit.
Preliminary data suggest that both residents and businesses are generating more waste.
Preliminary data suggest that human ehrlichiosis, like canine ehrlichiosis, is tickborne.
Preliminary data suggest that if multiple mating occurs it is at a low level.
Preliminary data suggest that the number of student credit hours is about the same as last year.
Preliminary data suggest that the viral load remained stable.
Preliminary data suggests larger trees are more susceptible to attack than smaller trees.
Preliminary data suggests similar findings in other populations as well.
Preliminary data support the interpretation of defective venoarteriolar reflex.
Preliminary data warrant further investigation with larger samples and a longer follow-up.
Some preliminary data is available.
Some preliminary data is presented.
Some preliminary data suggest a link between rotavirus vaccine and intussusception.
Some preliminary data suggests that is more effective than the earlier cholinergic agents.
Preliminary design exists.
Preliminary design includes identifying property requirements, and environmental and social impacts.
Preliminary design is complete.
Preliminary design is in place.
Preliminary design is nearly complete.
Preliminary design is probably the most important phase of the design process.
Preliminary design is two pieces of sheet metal folded up into two facing cones.
Preliminary design is underway.
Preliminary designs show skylights and a corridor of windows to bring in plenty of natural light.
Most preliminary design assumes that the space is entirely empty.
Preliminary details are available on the racing page.
Preliminary details follow.
Preliminary details show the budget includes an increase in education, health and defense spending.
Preliminary diagnosis indicates meningococcal meningitis and serogroup investigation is underway.
Preliminary diagnosis is based on an abnormal serum transferrin pattern.
Preliminary discussions are already underway to extend connectivity to Europe and South East Asia.
Preliminary discussions are generally open to possible participation from any organization.
Preliminary discussions are in process and technical papers have been exchanged.
Preliminary discussions are time-consuming but necessary.
Preliminary discussions are underway for future such endeavors.
Preliminary discussions are underway for the time and place of the next meeting.
Preliminary discussions regarding a specific organization s needs and challenges occur at no cost.
Preliminary dockets are available in single copies upon request.
Preliminary dockets are available to single copies upon request.
Preliminary documentation is available in the application's online help.
Preliminary documentation is available on-line.
Preliminary documentation is now available.
Some preliminary documentation is available.
Preliminary drafts are available here .
Preliminary drafts are due at beginning of class.
Preliminary drawings provide the means to identify and correct errors in measuring.
Preliminary editions are dyeline copies.
Preliminary education is provided via two alternative programs.
Preliminary education occurs during the regular academic year.
Preliminary effort is finished.
Preliminary eigenvalues are sufficient for deciding how many factors are present in R .
Preliminary engineering continues.
Preliminary engineering is under way.
Preliminary estimates indicate substantial reduction in operating costs with the gas-fired melter.
Preliminary estimations including clones from all three libraries reveal a redundancy of app.
Preliminary evaluation points to a very good vintage.
Preliminary evaluation suggests human commando units.
Preliminary evaluation suggests the program reduces the perpetration of dating sexual violence.
Preliminary evaluations indicate that teachers are highly enthusiastic about the program.
Preliminary evaluations show a significant increase in participants' awareness and knowledge.
Preliminary evidence exists of the potential effectiveness of green tea as a treatment for cancer.
Preliminary evidence exists of the potential effectiveness of green tea as a treatment of cancer.
Preliminary evidence provides good support for the proposed structural analysis.
Preliminary evidence shows behavior.
Preliminary evidence shows functions.
Preliminary evidence shows that massage can affect the hormonal and immune system.
Preliminary evidence suggest that aurapten concentrations are reduced as the result of debittering.
Preliminary evidence suggests ability.
Preliminary evidence suggests color variations within and between the polar regions.
Preliminary evidence suggests it does.
Preliminary evidence suggests metablastin plays a role in cell cycle regulation.
Preliminary evidence suggests that fuel extinction parameters are in agreement with theory.
Preliminary evidence suggests that home range area increases and changes location during ontogeny.
Preliminary evidence suggests that most illnesses appear to have developed during land-based travel.
Preliminary evidence suggests that shark species composition differs among areas.
Preliminary evidence suggests that some age structure shifts are occurring.
Preliminary evidence suggests that the answer is yes.
Preliminary evidence suggests that the magnets work by causing biochemical changes in the brain.
Preliminary evidence suggests the approach also can be used in more complex diseases.
Preliminary evidence supports at least one important conclusion.
Preliminary evidence supports hypotheses.
Most preliminary evidence shows behavior.
Most preliminary evidence shows functions.
Most preliminary evidence suggests ability.
Most preliminary evidence supports hypotheses.
Some preliminary evidence suggests effects.
Some preliminary evidence suggests most control techniques are compatible.
A preliminary examination is a test
Preliminary examination indicates a high degree of construct validity.
Preliminary examination suggests that the boat was old and had been deliberately abandoned.
Preliminary examinations are examinations.
Preliminary examinations indicate that, although dry and brittle, the fabric is readily conservable.
Preliminary excavations reveal an ancient tomb with a crucified skeleton.
Preliminary experience suggest that unistrokes are quite easy to learn.
Preliminary experiments are under way.
Preliminary experiments consist of trials.
Preliminary experiments demonstrate the promise of the approach.
Preliminary experiments indicate that most components have only a few dependencies.
Preliminary experiments reveal excellent reception of very little content.
Preliminary experiments show great promise for recolonization, transplantation, and culture.
Preliminary experiments show very encouraging results.
Preliminary experiments suggest that a similar resistance is also present to solar radiation.
Most preliminary experiments consist of trials.
Some preliminary experiments demonstrate hypertension.
Some preliminary experiments indicate proteins.
Some preliminary experiments reveal factors.
Some preliminary experiments reveal important factors.
Preliminary experimentation shows some promise that cordgrass can be controlled.
Preliminary experimentation suggests that ensembles allow for information hiding.
Preliminary findings appear below.
Preliminary findings are encouraging.
Preliminary findings indicate a drop in serum leptin levels as patients lose weight.
Preliminary findings indicate generally good water quality in most surface waters within the park.
Preliminary findings indicate intensive use of the study area by all three species.
Preliminary findings indicate that students perceived the task to be authentic and engaging.
Preliminary findings point toward alcohol as a possible cause.
Preliminary findings provide only limited evidence of an urban-rural variation in ethnocentrism.
Preliminary findings reveal it to be safe even when used chronically.
Preliminary findings seem to show a connection between radon levels and asthma and other illnesses.
Preliminary findings show a sub-lethal dose from a few of the compounds.
Preliminary findings show many similarities and some differences.
Preliminary findings show no fuel-related problems.
Preliminary findings show real promise.
Preliminary findings show some patients experience remission or a halt in their cancer's spread.
Preliminary findings show that neither men nor women are satisfied with their bodies.
Preliminary findings show that neither men nor women are satisfied with their body.
Preliminary findings suggest different health priorities between the groups.
Preliminary findings suggest higher levels of satisfaction with retirement and SRA benefits.
Preliminary findings suggest no such movement is occurring.
Preliminary findings suggest that a third of all proceeds from theft go to buy drugs.
Preliminary findings suggest that letters where carved into the corpse.
Preliminary findings suggest that there is considerable demand in both fields for such a service.
Preliminary findings suggest The floors above got slightly singed.
Preliminary findings suggests that there are differences.
All preliminary games are in a single elimination format.
Preliminary grades are here .
Preliminary Hearing View an image of today's sports page.
Preliminary hearings are adversary proceedings.
Preliminary hearings are also a chance for defence lawyers to pick up some extra cash.
Preliminary hearings are usually quite short - generally lasting about ten to fifteen minutes.
Preliminary hearings require the defendant to receive representation.
Preliminary hearings View an image of today's sports page.
Preliminary ideas regarding methods are useful but optional.
Preliminary images look nominal.
Preliminary images show the moon.
Preliminary indication is that students are noticing and are appreciative.
Preliminary indications are a broken fibula.
Preliminary indications are no.
Preliminary indications are that a brain aneurysm was the cause of death.
Preliminary indications are that a major fire erupted in the cockpit or avionics bay below.
Preliminary indications are that it s going to be a good crop.
Preliminary indications are that prices are still rising nationwide.
Preliminary indications are that student performance is strengthened.
Preliminary indications are that the burn was successful.
Preliminary indications are that the damage was confined to the cabin.
Preliminary indications are that the initial testing went well.
Preliminary indications are that the longer heat exchange zone promoted the formation of dioxins.
Preliminary indications are that the rollout was normal in all respects.
Preliminary indications are that they are fatty acid conjugates of testosterone.
Preliminary indications are that thrips are randomly distributed within orchid plantings.
Preliminary indications look positive.
Preliminary indications point to almost total crop losses in low-lying areas.
Preliminary indications show that strong job markets exist for the graduates.
Preliminary indications suggest that our forecast was right on target.
Preliminary indications suggest the presence of nucleon esonances.
Preliminary indicators are that the test proceeded as planned.
Preliminary indicators show some relationship of curve fit parameters to relative age.
Some preliminary indicators suggest that some of the program features are comparable.
Preliminary inducement entails all components of the threshold review.
Preliminary information can significantly decrease the computed needed sample size.
Preliminary information documents the extent of the problem and the study's approach.
Preliminary information indicates no radiological danger to persons living near the plant.
Preliminary information indicates our cost control efforts are beginning to work.
Preliminary information indicates that other government units use a two-part designation.
Preliminary information indicates that there was no personnel contamination.
Preliminary information indicates the engine lost power due to oil starvation.
Preliminary information is available in the .PDF file.
Preliminary information is available.
Preliminary information is given below.
Preliminary information is mailed to members each spring.
Preliminary information is now available about hotels available during the conference .
Preliminary information is now available for public comment.
Preliminary information is now available online.
Preliminary information is now available.
Preliminary information suggests native fish populations within the park are in decline.
Some preliminary information follows.
Some preliminary information is here .
Preliminary injunctions are in theory available but are very rare in patent actions.
Preliminary inspections are optional.
Preliminary inspections indicate minimal damage to instrumentation or other hardware.
Preliminary inspections indicate the vehicle sustained minor tile damage.
Preliminary inspections reveal no abnormal nozzle erosion.
All preliminary inspections are positive.
Preliminary interns learn about common medical problems as well as medical emergencies.
Preliminary interpretations appear to show a large ditch running around the top of the hill.
Preliminary interventions seem promising.
Preliminary inventories are available for selected unprocessed record groups.
Preliminary investigation indicates an absence of foul play.
Preliminary investigation indicates no foul play.
Preliminary investigation indicates the driver probably fell asleep at the wheel.
Preliminary investigation indicates the victim suffered a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Preliminary investigation indicates the wound was self-inflected.
Preliminary investigation suggests an electrical problem, possibly related to a portable heater.
Preliminary investigation suggests the deceased was shot in the back of the head.
Preliminary investigations can include activities such as Surveying and consultation.
Preliminary investigations determine causes.
Preliminary investigations indicate that canola can be successfully grown in Indiana.
Preliminary investigations lead officers.
Preliminary investigations reveal faulty maintenance by recently appointed civilian contractors.
Preliminary investigations seem to indi- cate that the induced natural regeneration is adequate.
Preliminary investigations show that the analytical results tie in well with our experimental data.
Preliminary investigations suggest that the crash was caused by mechanical failure.
Most preliminary investigations determine causes.
Most preliminary investigations lead officers.
Preliminary issues deal with objectives and a time-table for a possible restructuring.
Preliminary laboratory tests reveal versions.
Preliminary list is available.
Preliminary maps are currently available and used by interested scientists.
Preliminary matches are round robin.
Preliminary matches is via round-robin tournament system.
Preliminary measurements indicate a device lifetime of greater than a few minutes.
Preliminary measurements indicate differences.
Preliminary measurements show acceptable water and nutrient application uniformity.
Most preliminary measurements indicate differences.
Preliminary milestones are due one hour before the class for which they are listed.
Preliminary modification is necessary before conjugation can occur.
Preliminary negotiations take place during the first weekend.
Preliminary notes give students background information on the author and setting of the story.
Preliminary notes introduce each title in the module.
Some Preliminary notes are available.
Preliminary numbers indicate that the summer session was full and fall looks substantial.
Preliminary numbers show a small overall increase in enrollment.
Preliminary numbers show that ASHs offer substantial performance advantages.
Preliminary numbers show that crime declined in all seven police districts last year.
Preliminary observations indicate that losses in chickpeas are likely to be similar in Australia.
Preliminary observations indicate that the cover crop needs to be kept low growing to avoid mowing.
Preliminary observations indicate that the girls emerge with high confidence and awareness.
Preliminary observations indicate that the technology warrants on-going consideration.
Preliminary observations indicate that training has gone well with no accidents or incidents.
Preliminary observations provide contexts.
Preliminary observations suggest that initial mortality can be avoided by using a slow lift rate.
Most preliminary observations provide contexts.
Some preliminary observations suggest possibility.
All preliminary pages are to be numbered consecutively with small Roman numerals.
Preliminary pencil sketches at more moderate prices are also available.
Preliminary plans are already in the making.
Preliminary plans are already in the works for next year.
Preliminary plans are for the deck to be near the student-learning center.
Preliminary plans are in for the vehicle in tandem and solo configurations.
Preliminary plans are to meet in Oregon or Montana next year.
Preliminary plans are to try to hold another one on the West Coast late in the summer.
Preliminary plans are underway now to hold an auction for equipment leases at the annual meeting.
Preliminary plans are underway to investigate the feasibility of even longer span bridges in Japan.
Preliminary plans call for a watertop gazebo, complete with a diving board and slide.
Preliminary plans call for another staged two car collision.
Preliminary plans call for building a station with two bays and living quarters for paramedics.
Preliminary plans call for moving the marker to avoid the patio of a senior's apartment.
Preliminary plans have been drawn up for our house - there's a scanned picture here.
Preliminary plans show homes built bordering the woods, around the pond.
Preliminary plans support a transit center with a ferry terminal, commuter rail and marina.
Preliminary planning is currently under way for our two very important spring recruitment events.
Preliminary planning is for a ten-lane bridge.
Preliminary planning is necessary.
Preliminary planning is now underway.
Preliminary planning is underway for the database.
Preliminary planning is underway to develop a design for renovating the area.
Preliminary plots indicate the data are generally quite good, and some are remarkable.
Preliminary procedures require that a mold of the tooth be taken first.
Preliminary profile is created online, then phone interview and orientation required.
Preliminary program is available.
Preliminary programs are available.
Preliminary programming is underway for a graphic version of the interface.
A preliminary prospectus is a prospectus
Preliminary prospectuses are subject to completion or amendment.
Preliminary reader reports evaluating books by German authors.
Some preliminary reflections lead to the later conclusion.
Preliminary registration is absolutely necessary.
Preliminary release is revised one month after initial release and is revised again one month later.
Preliminary reliability is discussed.
Preliminary reports are available upon request if needed.
Preliminary reports are encouraging.
Preliminary reports are positive.
Preliminary reports are unanimously positive.
Preliminary reports are very positive.
Preliminary reports indicate an encouraging amount of support for area bands.
Preliminary reports indicate average barley yield and quality.
Preliminary reports indicate both boosters are in good condition.
Preliminary reports indicate damage in El Salvador with main roads blocked and buildings collapsed.
Preliminary reports indicate major damage to crops.
Preliminary reports indicate mysterious attacks have ravaged and destroyed several colony outposts.
Preliminary reports indicate no serious injuries.
Preliminary reports indicate no significant damage to launch support structures at the pad.
Preliminary reports indicate that an oily residue was left on the surface of an implant component.
Preliminary reports indicate that both boosters are in good condition.
Preliminary reports indicate that contaminants have been contained on site.
Preliminary reports indicate that food, tents, tools and blankets are required.
Preliminary reports indicate that it failed to produce substantial results.
Preliminary reports indicate that nine people died.
Preliminary reports indicate that one American child was killed in the earthquake.
Preliminary reports indicate that the accounting and office procedures are acceptable and approved.
Preliminary reports indicate that the area is safe for recreational users of the water.
Preliminary reports indicate that the winds have stopped but the rain continues.
Preliminary reports indicate the man had been dead for some time.
Preliminary reports indicate the roof fell between roof supports.
Preliminary reports indicate there was no structural damage or injuries.
Preliminary reports indicate they died while attempting to evacuate the craft.
Preliminary reports indicate three homes and four businesses damaged.
Preliminary reports point to a possible fracture.
Preliminary reports provide advance data.
Preliminary reports show major loss of yields of basic foodstuffs, such as rice, banana and cassava.
Preliminary reports show that earlier guidelines are already cutting costs in many facilities.
Preliminary reports suggest engineering errors are to blame for the collapse.
Preliminary reports suggest the blast was an accident rather than sabotage.
Preliminary requirements are most likely to be shelter and food.
Preliminary research determines that, yes, they certainly are.
Preliminary research indicates other inoculum sources exist including seed.
Preliminary research indicates that a human apparently killed the beast.
Preliminary research indicates that corn bran, carrots and apples can reduce cholesterol.
Preliminary research indicates the upfront cost is still too steep.
Preliminary research indicates they are the first vegetables to be so honored by any parade.
Preliminary research is essential before writing the proposal.
Preliminary research provides the basic data for interpreting the soils.
Preliminary research shows bromelain to be effective in healing bowel disorders.
Preliminary research shows promising results.
Preliminary research shows that cherries have a high melatonin content.
Preliminary research shows that the bay has a great deal of potential.
Preliminary research shows widespread presence of pesticide residues in homes.
Preliminary research suggests otherwise.
Preliminary research suggests that open peer review leads to better quality reviews.
Preliminary research suggests that Self-regulation can be advanced as a central component.
Preliminary research suggests the latter.
Preliminary research suggests they do.
Some preliminary responses are now available.
Preliminary rests are available immediately after the test.
Preliminary results account for both H-alpha emission profiles and disk continuum emission.
Preliminary results appear positive.
Preliminary results appear promising.
Preliminary results are available by phone to referring physicians.
Preliminary results are available from the project web site .
Preliminary results are available HERE .
Preliminary results are available on election night.
Preliminary results are available on site.
Preliminary results are available within about three weeks with the final report to follow.
Preliminary results are available.
Preliminary results are below.
Preliminary results are congruent with demographics for the national elderly populations.
Preliminary results are currently under evaluation.
Preliminary results are e-mailed to the applicant.
Preliminary results are encouraging, resulting in a reduction in overall infestation.
Preliminary results are encouraging.
Preliminary results are exciting.
Preliminary results are extremely encouraging.
Preliminary results are good.
Preliminary results are here detailed.
Preliminary results are impressive.
Preliminary results are in excellent agreement with experimentally achieved results.
Preliminary results are in now, and they're encouraging.
Preliminary results are in reasonable agreement with simulations.
Preliminary results are inconclusive as to the effectiveness of the alternative practices.
Preliminary results are instantly e-mailed.
Preliminary results are mixed.
Preliminary results are negative.
Preliminary results are nevertheless consistent with other studies, and encouraging.
Preliminary results are now available and are listed to the right.
Preliminary results are now available for the counties that have finished the survey.
Preliminary results are positive.
Preliminary results are quite promising.
Preliminary results are rather astounding.
Preliminary results are tantalizingly good.
Preliminary results are the following.
Preliminary results are very encouraging.
Preliminary results are very favorable.
Preliminary results are very positive.
Preliminary results are very promising.
Preliminary results attained are encouraging when compared with the traditional layouts.
Preliminary results confirm synergism in all pairwise combinations.
Preliminary results confirm the accuracy of such a moment technique .
Preliminary results demonstrate the feasibility of our approach.
Preliminary results demonstrate the feasibility of the algorithm.
Preliminary results demonstrate the practical promise of the framework.
Preliminary results exclude a possible association with risk factors other than feed.
Preliminary results indicate a high rate of regional strain.
Preliminary results indicate a major importance of legume lianas in early stages of succession.
Preliminary results indicate a renewed sense of purpose and accomplishment for the entire unit.
Preliminary results indicate businesses are clearly confirming the importance of leadership skills.
Preliminary results indicate changes in drug and alcohol use among participants.
Preliminary results indicate changing the gel time changes the measured interfacial properties.
Preliminary results indicate conditions.
Preliminary results indicate considerable performance gains of the multilevel transaction approach.
Preliminary results indicate differences.
Preliminary results indicate good agreement between the two sources.
Preliminary results indicate good coherence between in situ measurements and ATSR data.
Preliminary results indicate good potential for implementation.
Preliminary results indicate human presence.
Preliminary results indicate inclusions.
Preliminary results indicate large differences between the east and west side of the lake.
Preliminary results indicate little human presence.
Preliminary results indicate no differences in either short term or long term responses.
Preliminary results indicate no short term impacts to the river system.
Preliminary results indicate presence.
Preliminary results indicate significant differences.
Preliminary results indicate significant growth in both population size and distribution.
Preliminary results indicate that a high degree of success was achieved.
Preliminary results indicate that a pattern of clinal variation between the two taxa exists.
Preliminary results indicate that acceptable multi-processor speedup is achievable.
Preliminary results indicate that canola yield can be restored with sulphate.
Preliminary results indicate that educational efforts by peers seem to have a positive effect.
Preliminary results indicate that galactose is the predominant mucilage carbohydrate.
Preliminary results indicate that human readers can approach the performance of the ideal observer.
Preliminary results indicate that none of the criteria have significant effects.
Preliminary results indicate that phosphotyrosine phosphatases and kinases are both involved.
Preliminary results indicate that quantum computers are very powerful.
Preliminary results indicate that runoff from the burned area more than doubled.
Preliminary results indicate that significant growth in student achievement has occurred.
Preliminary results indicate that similar information can be obtained with both methods.
Preliminary results indicate that squirrels do prefer the higher boxes.
Preliminary results indicate that temperatures have a very important effect on oocysts.
Preliminary results indicate that the anisotropy is indeed irrelevant.
Preliminary results indicate that the engine is running smoothly with little detectable vibration.
Preliminary results indicate that the enzyme can improve cardiac and skeletal muscle function.
Preliminary results indicate that the heartwood contains more monoterpenes than the sapwood.
Preliminary results indicate that the isoflavone structure has been formed.
Preliminary results indicate that the larger elements are barely resolved.
Preliminary results indicate that the mission was successful in all aspects.
Preliminary results indicate that the product is acceptable to urban sexually active women.
Preliminary results indicate that the surfactants degrade rather quickly.
Preliminary results indicate that the swelling model is able to explain a number of observations.
Preliminary results indicate that the test was outstandingly successful.
Preliminary results indicate that the tract has similar effects in yeast.
Preliminary results indicate that their payouts and money s worth ratios are very high.
Preliminary results indicate that there is a trend toward higher bacterial viability with depth.
Preliminary results indicate that there is varying chromosome number among lines examined.
Preliminary results indicate that they are.
Preliminary results indicate that various pesticides move differentially.
Preliminary results indicate that vessel manifests also are inaccurate.
Preliminary results indicate the data are generally quite good, and some are remarkable.
Preliminary results indicate the first documented reversals from epigyny to true hypogyny .
Preliminary results indicate very little of either metal.
Preliminary results look good, the rangers say.
Preliminary results look good.
Preliminary results look very good.
Preliminary results look very promising.
Preliminary results obtained for mercury are also very promising.
Preliminary results provide insights into such complex phenomena as wind-fanned fires.
Preliminary results provide new, very high quality observations of the northern hemisphere.
Preliminary results regarding the cold pool vs. ambient shear circulation balance theory are mixed.
Preliminary results render support to the hypothesized relationship.
Preliminary results seem to indicate that the starting point plays a significant role.
Preliminary results show a similar abundance of small mammals in buffers and adjacent forest.
Preliminary results show a very high correlation.
Preliminary results show better adhesion to gold.
Preliminary results show biodiversity.
Preliminary results show considerable promise.
Preliminary results show elevated levels of arsenic.
Preliminary results show evidence for local adaptation.
Preliminary results show in some respects superior properties under certain benign assumptions.
Preliminary results show promise for modeling large deformation bulk forming processes.
Preliminary results show several different temperature patterns can develop.
Preliminary results show signficant, robust improvement over the use of IR alone.
Preliminary results show significant use of the modules by fish and other marine life.
Preliminary results show significantly improved recognition with clean speech.
Preliminary results show some increase in student grade levels.
Preliminary results show students learning above their grade levels.
Preliminary results show that biodiversity in all groups decreases with time.
Preliminary results show that filtering is successfully preventing disease.
Preliminary results show that forming at high consistency is possible.
Preliminary results show that gender remains a major issue when it comes to technology access.
Preliminary results show that it is superior to other approaches.
Preliminary results show that raters approach the process of scoring from individual perspectives.
Preliminary results show that rye grass grows fastest and fuller on fly ash.
Preliminary results show that some subjects can detect jitter of several hundreds nanoseconds.
Preliminary results show that the benefits and the impacts are distributed evenly across levels.
Preliminary results show that the bulge of the galaxy is rotationally supported.
Preliminary results show that the clients observe very little drop off after the session.
Preliminary results show that the current method is capable of a meaningful forecast distribution.
Preliminary results show that the equipment has easily met the required accuracies for the project.
Preliminary results show that the horse died of cardiac tamponade.
Preliminary results show that the new method increases the speed of convergence impressively.
Preliminary results show the birds' numbers are increasing in all regions of the territory.
Preliminary results show the good performance of the set-valued RtR controller.
Preliminary results show the moon to be slightly reddish in color.
Preliminary results show the same tendency for contrast.
Preliminary results show the system meeting expectations.
Preliminary results show the youngest age group has the highest potential exposures.
Preliminary results show they are negative.
Preliminary results show they probably placed first in the multi-op category.
Preliminary results show thousands of new and sometimes strange species.
Preliminary results suggest a dose-dependent effect on cell number and leucine uptake.
Preliminary results suggest a genetic susceptibility to interstitial cystitis.
Preliminary results suggest a greater abundance of fish in most non-intermittent meadow reaches.
Preliminary results suggest a positive impact on public safety.
Preliminary results suggest a profound antiviral and immunological response.
Preliminary results suggest a reasonably good match between predicted and measured values.
Preliminary results suggest a strong diurnal effect.
Preliminary results suggest an additive effect on health outcomes, such as cardiovascular risk.
Preliminary results suggest an early spring.
Preliminary results suggest consumption.
Preliminary results suggest improvement in school governance following the last reform.
Preliminary results suggest intensified mixing occurs at the offshore edge of the plume.
Preliminary results suggest no treatment effects or canker expansion.
Preliminary results suggest overall staff support for involving young people.
Preliminary results suggest roles.
Preliminary results suggest rotational modulation on at least several stars.
Preliminary results suggest some emerging patterns of urban and rural fox pups.
Preliminary results suggest that additional doses can be effective in prolonging the benefit.
Preliminary results suggest that an extended source is at least partially responsible for the jets.
Preliminary results suggest that careful placement of the swirl vanes enhances combustion stability.
Preliminary results suggest that cognitive resonances exist.
Preliminary results suggest that complementation occurs.
Preliminary results suggest that funding is available for diverse areas of communication research.
Preliminary results suggest that most fish pass through the facility unharmed.
Preliminary results suggest that negative advertising has a deleterious effect on voter information.
Preliminary results suggest that radial increment is currently being promoted rather than limited.
Preliminary results suggest that reductions in air pollution result in lowered mortality rates.
Preliminary results suggest that the disease was pneumonia with a haemorrhagic component.
Preliminary results suggest that the immune system can be at least partly reprogrammed in adulthood.
Preliminary results suggest that the interactions are very complex.
Preliminary results suggest that the mutation is lethal and haplo-insufficient.
Preliminary results suggest that the referendum was passed.
Preliminary results suggest the former hypothesis is correct, but analysis is ongoing.
Preliminary results support both hypotheses.
Preliminary results support the construct validity of the test forms.
Preliminary results support the theory.
Preliminary results using microsatellite markers also suggest a low level of genetic variation.
Preliminary results verify a reduction in the sex steroids and androgen levels.
All preliminary results meet our expectations.
Most preliminary results indicate conditions.
Most preliminary results indicate differences.
Most preliminary results indicate human presence.
Most preliminary results indicate inclusions.
Most preliminary results indicate little human presence.
Most preliminary results indicate presence.
Most preliminary results indicate significant differences.
Most preliminary results show biodiversity.
Most preliminary results suggest consumption.
Most preliminary results suggest roles.
Some preliminary results are also available.
Some preliminary results are available.
Some preliminary results are in.
Some preliminary results indicate ability.
Some preliminary results indicate growth.
Some preliminary results show improvement.
Some preliminary results show survival.
Some preliminary results suggest contributions.
Some preliminary results suggest treatments.
Some preliminary results suggest use.
Preliminary returns indicate voters have delivered a clear call for change.
Preliminary review occurs when a project is at the schematic stage.
Preliminary review occurs.
Preliminary reviews show damage to Valley Torah HS to be minor.
Preliminary rounds are currently underway.
Preliminary rounds are free of charge and open to the public.
Preliminary rounds begin.
Preliminary rounds eliminate the weakest players of the day.
Preliminary schedule See the attached file .
Preliminary searches are by practice area.
All preliminary searches are free of charge.
Preliminary sequence analyses, however, suggests that they are unique viruses.
Preliminary simulations are qualitatively realistic.
Preliminary site is online now.
Preliminary sketches bring together design and the technical understanding of optics.
Preliminary strategy is initiated.
Preliminary studies appear to back up that belief.
Preliminary studies are encouraging.
Preliminary studies are underway in adult patients.
Preliminary studies demonstrate that postoperative improvement lasts several years in most patients.
Preliminary studies indicate infection takes place across the placenta.
Preliminary studies indicate some success.
Preliminary studies indicate that at least one of the isoforms can be functionally expressed.
Preliminary studies indicate that post-insulin receptor defects present.
Preliminary studies indicate that taking leptin produces modest weight loss.
Preliminary studies indicate that the geothermal reservoir is of the hot-water type.
Preliminary studies indicate that, in general, water vapor can be used in wind estimation.
Preliminary studies indicate their promise as constituents of a recombinant subunit vaccine.
Preliminary studies indicates high profitablity.
Preliminary studies involve measurements of crack propagation speeds and crack tip stability.
Preliminary studies project a million visitors in the first year and rising numbers thereafter.
Preliminary studies report that it can ward off cancer of the stomach and the colon.
Preliminary studies show a complete harmony between the footprints.
Preliminary studies show chronic lung disease in some users.
Preliminary studies show that the later start time has improved grades and attendance.
Preliminary studies show that the procedure tends to yield more boys than girls.
Preliminary studies show yield and quality potential of organic cotton.
Preliminary studies suggest a similar effect in patients with gastric ulcer.
Preliminary studies suggest improved survival rates and better functioning with the surgery.
Preliminary studies suggest possible anti-inflammatory effects.
Preliminary studies suggest that dandelion root stimulates the flow of bile.
Preliminary studies suggest that drinking green tea can help prevent dental cavities.
Preliminary studies suggest that each G protein pathway has a unique pattern of gene expression.
Preliminary studies suggest that the neuronal graft is viable.
Preliminary studies suggest that the remainder of the dose is excreted in the faeces.
Preliminary studies support the feasibility of once daily dosing and good tolerability.
Preliminary studies testing tolerability and antiviral activity are encouraging.
Preliminary study proves centuries of herbalists right about echinacea.
Preliminary study shows jurors favor new rule allowing discussion of evidence during trials.
Preliminary study suggests a variable elastic thickness of the lower plate normal to the collision.
More preliminary studies highlight the potential health benefits of purple grape juice.
Some preliminary studies are underway in Brazil.
Preliminary stuff is available here .
Preliminary support is available for USB devices on some Linux platforms.
Preliminary surveys are free.
Preliminary surveys indicate that the pest is widespread across the country.
Preliminary syllabi are available for many classes.
Some preliminary symptoms are nausea, vomiting, dizziness, fatigue and dry mouth.
Preliminary talks are under way to collaborate and perhaps integrate services.
Preliminary tax advises.
Preliminary test establish compliance and opacity emission limits.
Preliminary tests allow detection.
Preliminary tests are encouraging, but many issues are unresolved.
Preliminary tests are underway with argon.
Preliminary tests give results, which augur well for the future of the type.
Preliminary tests indicate a successful change-out.
Preliminary tests indicate all is well optically and mechanically.
Preliminary tests look good.
Preliminary tests reveal versions.
Preliminary tests show a low level of oxygen in the cylinders.
Preliminary tests show activities.
Preliminary tests show difficulty.
Preliminary tests show it is possible to determine the length dimension from the data received.
Preliminary tests show it's as good as immersion.
Preliminary tests show similar benefit to strawberries.
Preliminary tests show that both outbreaks involved the same strain of the killer disease.
Preliminary tests show that the anthrax in New York and Florida are the same strain.
Preliminary tests show the new gyros are alive and well.
Preliminary tests suggest multi-regional economic impacts.
Preliminary tests suggest that the plants are resistant to the virus.
Preliminary tests suggest that uranium levels are low.
Most preliminary tests allow detection.
Most preliminary tests reveal versions.
Most preliminary tests show difficulty.
Some preliminary tests show time.
Preliminary testing is an ordinary part of the product development process.
Preliminary testing is necessary before the rice is soaked in water.
Preliminary testing is recommended to address project specific requirements.
Preliminary testing shows evidence of a memory leak.
Preliminary testing suggests acute pulmonary histoplasmosis in several cases.
Preliminary theories implicate Jupiter's intense radiation environment as the primary culprit.
Preliminary training is available for medicine, law and dentistry.
Preliminary treatment can consist of blood transfusions or plasma replacement.
Preliminary treatment involves the removal of gross solids - oil, grease, and grit.
Preliminary treatment occurs at the effluent pump station.
Preliminary treatment remove debris by virtue of bar screens and grit chambers.
Preliminary trials are underway now, and similar treatments are used for stroke patients.
Preliminary work begins on a New York-area road site.
Preliminary work begins to prepare for dismantling.
Preliminary work continues to get a computer for the office.
Preliminary work demonstrates the presence of fossiliferous deposits which are yet to be dated.
Preliminary work has to be done.
Preliminary work highlighting innovative and promising research directions is encouraged.
Preliminary work indicates decreases of similar magnitude in oblique electric fields.
Preliminary work indicates that almost half of moves to a facility occur during a crisis.
Preliminary work indicates that the mean bottom temperature in the Gulf of Maine is increasing.
Preliminary work is centered in the National Park on the Big Island.
Preliminary work is currently underway to identify candidates for the workshop.
Preliminary work is now under way for a major strategic planning project.
Preliminary work is now underway.
Preliminary work is underway now, with full painting scheduled to begin in about two weeks.
Preliminary work is underway presently on the music building.
Preliminary work is underway to establish a standardized file transfer format for measurement data.
Preliminary work is underway to machine quartz cylinders from natural samples.
Preliminary work is underway.
Preliminary work shows that they do produce sounds during the breeding season.
Preliminary work starts.
Preliminary work suggests most control techniques are compatible.
Preliminary work suggests that features depicted in student drawings can be coded reliably.
Preliminary works indicates that such an assay is plausible and easy to perform.
Much preliminary work has to be done before even a spade of earth is turned.
Preliminary years come in two flavors, internal medicine and surgery.
A preliminary is a contest
Preliminaries are available though.
Preliminaries are origins.
Preliminaries go for the next six weeks with finals on the seventh week.
Preliminaries Unpackage the distribution.
Preliminaries Wear old clothes.
Some preliminaries are necessary for the converse.
Prelirninary analysis indicates that the barrels can be seen even when they are on the seafloor.
Many preliterate peoples identify their clans by a .
Preload performance is acceptable.
Preloading comments can also prevent participants from focusing on the most recent events.
A prelude is an inception
Preludes come fully equipped with all power accessories, air conditioning and sun roof.
Premalignant lesions demonstrate hyperkeratosis, hyperplasia and dysplasia.
Premanufactured homes have a bad public image but are a much better way to produce housing.
Premarital agreements are valid in all states, but with some restrictions.
Premarital agreements are valid so long as certain requirements are met.
Premarital agreements become operative in the event of divorce or the death of one of the spouses.
Premarital agreements have additional requirements for validity.
Premarital Agreements vary from couple to couple.
Premarital chastity is the best guarantee of marriage fidelity.
Premarital conception is thus commonplace in our society.
Premarital contracting is a communication process.
Premarital counseling is a good way to avert potential problems.
Premarital counseling is also available by appointment.
Premarital counseling is also available.
Premarital counseling is available as requested.
Premarital counseling is extremely valuable and highly recommended.
Premarital counseling is good.
Premarital counseling is most beneficial when obtained four weeks before the wedding.
Premarital counseling is obligatory.
Premarital counseling is required before the ceremony.
Premarital counseling is required.
Premarital counseling is typically very brief .
Premarital education comes in many formats.
Premarital instruction is offered to couples by the parish clergy.
Premarital instruction is required.
Premarital intercourse is common.
Premarital property is another form of nonmarital property.
Premarital sex can hurt far too much - physically, emotionally, mentally, and economically.
Premarital sex can pressure men and women into behavior with unexpected consequences.
Premarital sex creates instability in the relationship.
Premarital sex has a tendency to devastate the entire personality.
Premarital sex has many physical dangers.
Premarital sex is a serious moral issue confronting college students.
Premarital sex is common.
Premarital sex is fine.
Premarital sex is frowned upon, one-night stands are unthinkable and divorces are rare.
Premarital sex is immoral.
Premarital sex is increasingly common.
Premarital sex is morally wrong.
Premarital sex is wrong.
Premarital sex is.
Premarital sex leaps up into a brilliant blaze that looks like love because it feels so fantastic.
Premarital sex runs the risk of conceiving illegitimate children.
Premarital testing avoids it, while holding on to the good.
A premature baby is a newborn baby
Premature babies are also more likely than full-term babies to have hearing problems.
Premature babies are also more prone to getting a flat head from positional molding of their skull.
Premature babies are at higher risk for developing hydrocephalus.
Premature babies are born without much fat, so they use a lot of energy staying warm.
Premature babies are especially sensitive to respiratory depression and apnea.
Premature babies are fragile.
Premature babies are less stressed by breastfeeding than by bottle feeding.
Premature babies are more at risk for jaundice than others.
Premature babies are more fragile and more at risk for complications after birth.
Premature babies are more likely to develop jaundice due to slow liver functioning.
Premature babies are more likely to get normal jaundice.
Premature babies are more likely to have breathing problems that can cause low oxygen in the blood.
Premature babies are more likely to suffer from jaundice.
Premature babies are much more sensitive to stimulation.
Premature babies are neonates.
Premature babies are often small, and they can have a hard time at first.
Premature babies are often very sleepy as well.
Premature babies are often very small, especially if they are born very premature.
Premature babies are particularly prone toward bleeding in their brains.
Premature babies are smaller than normal and have immature organs.
Premature babies are the lucky ones.
Premature babies are the most common low birth weight babies.
Premature babies are very apt to die suddenly without any apparent cause.
Premature babies are very delicate and the first couple of years are critical.
Premature babies can always use tiny booties and caps.
Premature babies can be at risk for hydrocephalus because their brains are still developing.
Premature babies can start breastfeeding much, much earlier than they do in many health facilities.
Premature babies face grave dangers.
Premature babies face many challenges to survive and thrive.
Premature babies have a higher risk.
Premature babies have body systems that are more immature.
Premature babies have erythrocyte hemolysis.
Premature babies have immature respiratory centers in the brain.
Premature babies have less time to fully develop and build strength in the womb.
Premature babies have very little blood and often they lack the ability to produce red blood cells.
Premature babies meet such resistance with every breath.
Premature babies require attention.
Premature babies require special attention.
Premature babies require special care Premature babies are put straight into intensive care.
Premature babies require special care.
Premature babies weighing no more than two pounds now survive and thrive.
Many premature babies become anemic before their body can make red blood cells.
Many premature babies develop intraventricular hemorrhages.
Many premature babies pull through even though their bodies are very immature.
Most premature babies have both kinds of apnea.
Most premature babies require attention.
Most premature babies require special attention.
Some premature babies are highly irritable.
Some premature babies receive additional vitamin supplements, too.
Premature beats are very common in normal children and teenagers.
Premature beats can occur in the atria or the ventricles.
Premature birth can also be the result of an illness in the unborn baby.
Premature birth can be a serious danger to a newborn.
Premature birth is a crisis.
Premature birth is a major risk factor for neonatal deaths.
Premature birth is a strong risk factor for criminality.
Premature birth is dangerous for both the mother and the baby.
Premature birth is linked to increased infant death rates and impaired higher brain function.
Premature birth is one of the greatest health hazards of humankind.
Premature birth is one of the leading causes of infant mortality.
Premature birth is the birth of an infant before the full term of pregnancy.
Premature birth occurs when an infant is born earlier in pregnancy than normal.
Premature births are at least twice as common with black mothers than with white ones.
Premature births can occasionally occur and some or all the babies die at times.
Most premature births are preventable, caused by such factors as poor diet.
Premature browning is related to pigment in the raw meat.
Premature Child Offers long term support for premature infants and older children born premature.
Premature data are even more fragile.
Premature deadlines produce mediocre software.
Premature death is caused by diseases.
Premature death is usually the result of improper use and maintenance.
Premature death leads to minimal needs like funeral expenses.
Premature death occurs in communities.
Premature deaths mean a great activity to be exercised by Spiritual world on the physical.
Most premature death is caused by diseases.
Most premature death occurs in communities.
Premature defoliation can result in extreme cases.
Premature defoliation can result.
Premature defoliation reduces the quality and quantity of forage.
Premature defoliation weakens the tree and reduces fruit set and yield the following year.
Premature delivery is common among women with lupus.
Premature delivery is one of the most important causes of serious illness among newborn infants.
Most premature deliveries result from unexpected, premature labor.
Premature disconnection disrupts the class.
Premature distributions are also subject to income tax.
Premature ejaculation has no known cause.
Premature ejaculation is a common complaint.
Premature ejaculation is a common problem.
Premature ejaculation is a psychological problem.
Premature ejaculation is also common the first few times a man has sex with a new partner.
Premature ejaculation is an act of rapid, involuntary climax.
Premature ejaculation is caused by both physical and psychological factors.
Premature ejaculation is common in young men and greater control can develop with age.
Premature ejaculation is common in young men and greater control usually develops with age.
Premature ejaculation is considered the most common type of male sexual dysfunction .
Premature ejaculation is defined as rapid ejaculation with a perception of lack of control.
Premature ejaculation is diseases.
Premature ejaculation is divided into primary and secondary forms.
Premature ejaculation is ejaculation
Premature ejaculation is ejaculation.
Premature ejaculation is medical conditions.
Premature ejaculation is often due to physical changes in the body.
Premature ejaculation is one of the most common sexual problems.
Premature ejaculation is one of the sexual problems that is potentially easy to remedy.
Premature ejaculation is the inability to exercise voluntary control over the ejaculatory process.
Premature ejaculation is the most common male sexual problem, studies suggest.
Premature ejaculation is the most frequently encountered sexual complaint of men and couples.
Premature ejaculation is the most prevalent male sexual dysfunction.
Premature ejaculation is the unwelcome occurrence of the male orgasm before the woman is ready.
Premature ejaculation is very common.
Premature ejaculation occurs before or soon after penetration.
Premature ejaculation occurs when a man climaxes soon after penetration.
Premature engagements are a great mistake.
Premature enjoyment is always, in every way, imperfect enjoyment.
Premature failure is common, often due to improper installation or defective components.
Premature fatigue occurs during endurance training.
Premature foals can survive.
Premature forgiveness is guaranteed to backfire.
Premature fruit has skin.
Most premature fruit has skin.
Premature heartbeats are fairly common.
Premature ignition reduces an engine's power and quickly wares it out .
A premature infant is a newborn baby
Premature infants are at highest risk.
Premature infants are at risk for a variety of developmental problems.
Premature infants are difficult to breast feed because many lack proper motor control.
Premature infants are especially sensitive to respiratory depression.
Premature infants are more likely to have symptoms than full-term babies.
Premature infants are particularly prone to kernicterus.
Premature infants can also suffer from massive fluid leakage from blood vessels into the lungs.
Premature infants can be susceptible to it.
Premature infants demonstrate an exaggerated response to pain.
Premature infants develop kernicterus at lower levels of jaundice than full term infants.
Premature infants exhibit movement.
Premature infants exhibit muscle movement.
Premature infants exhibit voluntary movement.
Premature infants exhibit voluntary muscle movement.
Premature infants have a slightly higher incidence of cerebral palsy.
Premature infants have about the same incidence of hypothyroidism as full term infants.
Premature infants have another kind of apnea spell called obstructive apnea.
Premature infants have heartbeats.
Premature infants have immature and fragile bowels.
Premature infants have significant problems feeding by mouth.
Premature infants have the same schedule and doses as full term babies.
Premature infants lack a substance in the lung called surfactant.
Premature infants lack ability.
Premature infants receive nutrition.
Premature infants show a remarkable predisposition to the appearance of edema.
Premature infants tend to develop somewhat more slowly.
Many premature infants are sickest right after birth and gradually get better as they get older.
Many premature infants have trouble breathing.
Many premature infants suffer from chronic lung damage and respiratory distress syndrome.
Most premature infants exhibit movement.
Most premature infants exhibit muscle movement.
Most premature infants exhibit voluntary movement.
Most premature infants exhibit voluntary muscle movement.
Most premature infants lack ability.
Most premature infants receive nutrition.
Some premature infants are more susceptible to colds or respiratory infections.
Some premature infants are more susceptible to respiratory infections than infants born at term.
Some premature infants have advantage.
Some premature infants have certain advantage.
Some premature infants have immature retina.
Some premature infants receive therapy.
Premature kittens are prone to infections.
Premature labor has many possible causes .
Premature labor has many possible causes.
Premature labor is a confinement
Premature labor is a major cause of neonatal handicap and morbidity.
Premature labor is actually more common in the summer months.
Premature labor is labor that occurs more than three weeks before a baby's due date.
Premature labor is more commonly a third-trimester problem, however.
Premature labor is of concern because it can lead to cerebral palsy or even death.
Premature labor is very common in pneumonia and influenza, being more frequent in late pregnancy.
Most premature labors are unexpected.
Premature labour is a confinement
Premature labour is one of the most common complications of pregnancy.
Premature loss can cause problems that are expensive to correct.
Premature loss is always shocking and, therefore, traumatic.
Premature menopause brings with it a wrenching emotional change along with the physical.
Premature menopause can result from a variety of causes.
Premature menopause carries with it all the side effects and health risks of natural menopause.
Premature menopause means a higher risk, earlier.
Premature neonates are more likely to suffer from birth asphyxia and injuries.
Premature nut drop in pecans.
Premature optimisation is the root of all evil.
Premature optimization is optimization.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
Premature ossification makes a bony barrier at the osteochondral junction.
Premature parents feel cut off from other people.
Premature problem solving leads to poor solutions and poor follow through.
Premature puberty is rare but more common in girls than in boys.
Premature recognition can also do a great deal of harm.
Premature suspension wear.
Premature termination interferes with the effective delivery of clinical services.
Premature terminations can only be for cause.
A prematurity is a state
Prematurity is a closely related outcome.
Prematurity is a common cause of cerebral palsy, though there are other causes.
Prematurity is a leading cause of brain and developmental impairment.
Prematurity is a leading cause of infant death and disability.
Prematurity is a major cause of infant illness and death.
Prematurity is also a major cause of infant mortality.
Prematurity is also a risk factor.
Prematurity is another important cause of neonatal deaths.
Prematurity is another risk.
Prematurity is common, presumably because of fragility of the fetal membranes.
Prematurity is more common in twin pregnancies than in singleton.
Prematurity is the greatest danger to the baby.
Prematurity is the greatest risk factor for infection in neonates.
Prematurity is the leading cause of neonatal morbidity and infant mortality.
Prematurity is the most important factor responsible for the high perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Prematurity refers to when a baby is delivered prior to a full-term pregnancy.
Premaxillary teeth are asymmetrical.
Premaxillary teeth are present.
Most premed students apply to be members in the spring semester of their sophomore year.
Most premedical students take additional courses to complete a major in biology or chemistry.
Premeditated execution is premeditated murder.
Premeditated killings are first-degree murder.
Premeditated murder is punishable by death.
Premeditated murder is punished by death.
Premeditation eliminates a penalty threat.
Premeditation is a key to the prosecutors death penalty case.
Premeditation is a planning
Premeditation is planning.
Premeditation is required for a verdict of first-degree murder.
Premeditation means thought beforehand for some length of time, however short.
Premeditation means with planning or deliberation.
Premenopausal women are more protected than older women.
Premenopausal women respond to tamoxifen, but postmenopausal women seem to respond better.
Many premenopausal women become marginally iron deficient unless they supplement with iron.
Some premenopausal women experience irregularity with their periods.
Premenstrual depression is a real phenomenon for some teenage girls.
Premenstrual girls get a simple cloth cap decked with a yarn pom-pom.
Premenstrual symptoms are common and are considered a normal aspect of a woman's monthly cycle.
Premenstrual symptoms are the result.
Premenstrual symptoms do occur in the cycle of conception.
A premenstrual syndrome is a syndrome
Premenstrual syndrome can be excruciating, especially when compounded by fatigue and jet lag.
Premenstrual syndrome can have serious emotional as well as medical effects.
Premenstrual syndrome is a common condition that occurs in normally menstruating women.
Premenstrual syndrome is a condition that occurs in some women about a week before menstruation.
Premenstrual syndrome is associated with a mixture of emotional, somatic and behavioural symptoms.
Premenstrual syndrome is caused by hormone changes during the last half of the menstrual cycle.
Premenstrual syndrome is, in fact, more common today due to modern stress levels.
Premenstrual syndrome seems to be related to fluctuations in estrogen and progesterone.
Premenstrual syndromes are diseases.
Premenstrual syndromes are syndromes.
Premenstrual tension is a debatable physical condition of women prior to a menstral cycle.
Premenstrual women experience dips in blood sugar, which lead to sugar cravings.
A premie is a newborn baby
Premies are much more insidious.
A premier is a chief of state
Premier works on a contingent broker s fee structure. .
Premiers are committed to directing additional federal funds to core health services.
Premiers are heads of state.
Premiers dessins d enfants.
Premiers live for efficiency.
Premiers support health care as the first call on new federal spending.
A premiere is performance
Premiere adds forced key frames according to the specified key frame rate.
Premiere can freeze up for any of a variety of user-related reasons.
Premiere can play back or export video as interlaced fields while maintaining quality.
Premiere creates a flimstrip.
Premiere delivers only a handful of new tools and effects.
Premiere even boasts a Navigator window that makes it easier to maneuver and zoom the timeline.
Premiere however can assure rate and terms offered to be very competitve.
Premiere is a full-featured nonlinear video editing system.
Premiere is a non-linear digital video editor.
Premiere is a well established, quality oriented company.
Premiere is an excellent sporthorse prospect.
Premiere is gone.
Premiere is the number one radio network in the country.
Premiere is the pioneer in desktop video programs.
Premiere is timeline-based video editing software.
Premiere is used as the main software.
Premiere is very finicky about audio compression settings.
Premiere provides other specialized windows for creating titles, mixing audio, and storyboarding.
Premiere publishes an annual list of the most powerful people in Hollywood.
Premiere reamer in the industry.
Premiere still logs to a separate batch capture window rather than directly to a user-selected bin.
Premiere works much better with smaller projects than it does with larger ones.
Premieres are magazines.
Premieres are performance.
Many premieres are hosted here.
Premillinial thought is endemic to denominationalism.
A premise is postulate
Premise distributes throughout the soil creating a thorough Treated Zone .
Premise is almost as good.
Premise is compelling.
Premise is false.
Premise is good, docs horrible, interface awful.
Premise is much misunderstood.
Premise is odorless.
Premise is three roommates - a straight guy, a gay guy, and a babe.
Premise is vague or ambiguous.
Premise is well-defined, supported, and developed.
Premise seems too weak to build a story around.
Premises are also available in other locations throughout the Shannon Region.
Premises are clean and tidy.
Premises are free of insects and rodents.
Premises are frequently of poor quality and often very off-putting on the outside.
Premises are irrelevant to the conclusion.
Premises are modern, air conditioned, with good natural light and high quality furnishings.
Premises are non-smoking.
Premises are postulate.
Premises are sites.
Premises are smoke and frangrance free.
Premises are statements that directly support the conclusion.
Premises are the argument's facts.
Premises are things that are already established.
Premises are to be kept clean.
Premises are true.
Premises correspond to input.
Premises inspected include warehouses, offices, shops, pubs and restaurants.
Premises Linked premises work together to prove a conclusion.
Premises means a lot, plot or parcel of land, including all buildings thereon.
All premises have rooms with private baths.
All premises seem relevant.
Most premises approved by the tourist board display a distinctive shamrock logo.
Some premises are unproblematic for all but the diehard relativist philosopher.
All premium bedding has thick plush handles and continental border.
Premium beer is on tap, and a mixed crowd can be found in either of the club's two lounges.
Many premium brands use non-standard sized containers to make direct comparisons difficult.
Premium channels are additional.
Premium channels are also available at additional cost.
Premium channels are also available at an additional charge.
Premium channels are also available.
Premium channels are available at an additional cost.
Premium channels are available for an additional charge through Moscow s local cable service.
Premium channels are available from the local cable company at the prevailing fee.
Premium channels are available through the local cable company.
Premium customers receive preferred service request response.
Premium economy is considered to be better than most airlines' business class.
All premium entries appear above standard entries in the listings.
Premium financing is available.
Premium frame upgrades All our premium frames use lighter dropouts and tubing.
Premium gas is available here until midnight each night.
Premium gasoline costs more for two reasons.
Premium gasoline has a higher octane rating.
Premium liquor flows from bars scattered throughout the village.
Premium membership is available with enhanced services.
Premium membership is for serious students.
Premium model adds chrome wheels, traction control.
Premium money is awarded to exhibitors in most exhibit areas.
Premium neoprene retains body heat while helping to compress the injured area.
Premium packages are available to residents for an additional charge.
Premium packages are available.
Premium payments are deductible.
Premium payments are due the first of each month.
Premium payments are for life.
Premium payments are non-refundable.
Premium payments are tax deductible.
Premium payments are tax-deductible.
Premium payments are too high.
Premium payments are usually less than a yacht policy and so is the level of coverage.
Premium payments continue through the remaining life span of the survivor.
Premium payments continue until the insured dies and the death benefit is received by beneficiaries.
Premium payments seem so low.
Premium products command higher prices than lower quality products.
Premium quality is available at a premium price.
Premium quality is maintained by sourcing much of the product range directly from growers.
Premium quality is triple vacuum arc remelted, and if specified, hearth melting can be included.
Premium quality mens shoes and boots, at exceptionally low sale prices.
Premium quality runs in the family.
Premium rate includes charge for amplified music and dance floor.
Premium rates apply during peak season and overtime rates apply on weekends and holidays.
Premium rates apply.
Premium rates are at or below the commercial market.
Premium rates are available on certain savings accounts if a minimum monthly balance is maintained.
Premium rates are generally lower than standard actuarial rates.
Premium rates are most affordable during wage-earning years.
Premium rates are subject to change.
Premium rates are unisex.
Premium rates can go up or down depending on the financial soundness of the program.
Premium rates can increase over time based on age and health changes.
Premium rates drop as insurance companies compete vigorously to increase market share.
Premium rates increase at each renewal, based on the insured's current age.
Premium rates increase at the end of the guaranteed policy period.
Premium rates listed in the manual remain unchanged.
Premium rates vary and are based on the contract amount, type of work, etc.
Premium rates vary by academic year.
Premium rates vary by county where property is located.
Premium rates vary depending on the level of coverage purchased.
Premium rates vary with the classification of employees.
Premium rates vary with the individual s age.
Premium rates vary, depending on the risks associated with special occupations.
Most premium rates are the same from company to company.
Premium remittance is made directly to the college.
A premium is a payment
Premium can provide music for all occasions.
Premium cigars cost lots of money and our favorites are often hard to find.
Premium cigars direct - Free cigar promotion.
Premium depends on waiting period and salary level.
Premium depends upon employee's age.
Premium features available.
Premium features without a premium price.
Premium includes everything.
Premium increases annually since there is an increased likelihood of death.
Premium increases annually.
Premium increases with each new term.
Premium is due and payable immediately upon receipt of the policy documents.
Premium is due on or before the first of each month for coverage for that month.
Premium is kept low.
Premium is on a per vehicle basis.
Premium is on proper club selection.
Premium is payable at time of application.
Premium is payable regularly during the term.
Premium is simple to achieve.
Premium is too high for the sum assured.
Premium multipurpose high-temperature performance.
Premium offers numerous different ways to search and consists of multiple pages.
Premium paid by buyer becomes profit.
Premium remanufactured cartridges are available on request.
Premium Supports Can Help .
Premium wines from fresh squeezed citrus, berries, and other varieties of fresh fruit.
Premium wines without alcohol.
Premiums account for the bulk of sales.
Premiums also can make a short fund-raising letter effective.
Premiums also vary depending on the amount of time elapsed before benefits kick in.
Premiums also vary depending on the work function or job classification of an employee.
Premiums apply for specialized facilities.
Premiums apply for user-specific and keyword targeting.
Premiums apply to the front page and the top of each page.
Premiums are a fun topic.
Premiums are additional.
Premiums are adjustable.
Premiums are affordable.
Premiums are age and smoker rated.
Premiums are age-based and depend on the amount of coverage purchased.
Premiums are age-related.
Premiums are annual rates paid monthly.
Premiums are applicable for most other stays.
Premiums are at historical highs and favorable trends continue.
Premiums are available as long as supplies last.
Premiums are available at almost every membership level.
Premiums are available for white corn grown under contract.
Premiums are based on lifetime annual payments with a guaranteed lifetime death benefit.
Premiums are bonuses.
Premiums are certain to change if the optional inflation protection feature is chosen.
Premiums are continuouslycollected to build the fund from which benefits are paid.
Premiums are determined according to the issue age, sex and risk class of the insured.
Premiums are determined according to the person's incomes.
Premiums are due and payable for life.
Premiums are due annually and there is no deductible.
Premiums are due by the first day of each month.
Premiums are due by the first of each month.
Premiums are due on the first day of each month.
Premiums are due on the first day of each pay period.
Premiums are due on the first of each pay period to keep coverage active.
Premiums are due only on the principal amount of the letter of credit or refinancing thereunder.
Premiums are due the first of the month.
Premiums are employee paid with pre-tax dollars.
Premiums are expensive for dependents.
Premiums are fairly high.
Premiums are flat, revenues are relatively flat, but costs are going down.
Premiums are for fundraising efforts.
Premiums are for individual policies, and men and women of the same age pay the same premium.
Premiums are fully deductible from income tax at the standard rate.
Premiums are general level and are payable for life.
Premiums are generally less expensive than for permanent life insurance over a short time span.
Premiums are generally non-refundable and are earned over the life of the insured obligation.
Premiums are generally two percent to eight percent of the limit purchased.
Premiums are heavy.
Premiums are high but level, and include the cost of term insurance plus a savings component.
Premiums are high for the conversion.
Premiums are income-related and paid by both employers and employees.
Premiums are less than a letter of credit.
Premiums are level for the life of the policy.
Premiums are low and policies are designed with the older person in mind.
Premiums are low, and patients can choose their doctors.
Premiums are lower and increase with age.
Premiums are lower for theft or collision coverage, which is related to total replacement value.
Premiums are lower in the first five years.
Premiums are lower than for equivalent coverage in two separate policies.
Premiums are many times used as employee awards.
Premiums are much easier than margin calls to explain to both banker and housewife.
Premiums are much lower here in the Great Lakes region than on the east or west coasts.
Premiums are non-refundable in the event of cancellation.
Premiums are normally fully tax deductible .
Premiums are now even lower.
Premiums are now the central focus of many pledge drives.
Premiums are offered for certain types of sunflowers for oil content and other characteristics.
Premiums are on an after-tax basis, and paid by the employee through payroll deductions.
Premiums are on the rise again, and providers are beginning to see improvements in reimbursements.
Premiums are only one component of cost.
Premiums are payable during select period.
Premiums are payable for the life of the policy.
Premiums are payable for the lifetime of the insured.
Premiums are payable monthly or annually.
Premiums are payable monthly, semesters, or annually.
Premiums are payable monthly, with inception and termination dates on the first day of a month.
Premiums are payable on a regular basis until death, and coverage is provided for life.
Premiums are payable one month in advance and rates are subject to change.
Premiums are payable through payroll deduction with no interest or carrying charges.
Premiums are payable throughout the term of the policy.
Premiums are payable until the second death.
Premiums are payments.
Premiums are pre-tax.
Premiums are prizes.
Premiums are rates paid by employers for their employees' workers' comp insurance.
Premiums are relatively inexpensive and cash outlays are predictable.
Premiums are somewhat higher and certain limitations and exclusions apply.
Premiums are specific to the individual.
Premiums are subject to change every plan year.
Premiums are subsidized for low-income beneficiaries.
Premiums are tax deductible for self-employed.
Premiums are tax deductible.
Premiums are tax-creditable for new policies.
Premiums are tax-deductible as a business expense.
Premiums are tax-sheltered.
Premiums are the responsibility of the borrower.
Premiums are the same for direct contractors as for HMOs, but are lower in rural areas.
Premiums are the same for men and women.
Premiums are the same rates as paid by active employees.
Premiums are then payroll deducted.
Premiums are typically inexpensive at the beginning, but increase with each policy renewal.
Premiums are typically low.
Premiums are typically more expensive than term life insurance premiums.
Premiums are typically much cheaper than for permanent life-insurance policies.
Premiums are unaffordable because they cover routine care.
Premiums are up by a similar amount.
Premiums are useful items provided with some strings attached.
Premiums are usually lower for homes in areas with access to good fire protection.
Premiums are values.
Premiums are variable.
Premiums are very competitive and the service unmatched.
Premiums are very high - or they are zero for almost all banks.
Premiums are very high or they are zero for almost all banks.
Premiums are very low and can be paid annually, or quarterly.
Premiums automatically increase as the participant's age increases.
Premiums become tax deductible.
Premiums can also work well.
Premiums can be flexible, and so can the death benefit.
Premiums can be payroll deducted.
Premiums can be tax-deducted.
Premiums can range from advertising specialty items to high impact travel certificates.
Premiums can vary by age, sex, or risk factors.
Premiums can vary greatly based on the particular home and type of coverage selected.
Premiums can vary significantly from insurer to insurer so it pays to shop around.
Premiums can vary widely, even among similar cars in the same price range.
Premiums cease at death or on expiry of term whichever is earlier.
Premiums cease on death or on expiry of term whichever is earlier.
Premiums cease on receipt of benefit.
Premiums change all the time.
Premiums compensate the carrier for undertaking the risk.
Premiums contain all the information about the show and contain entry forms.
Premiums continue to be paid.
Premiums continue to be payable but the benefit amount is decreased by one-half.
Premiums depend largely on age and sex.
Premiums depend on age and the options chosen.
Premiums depend on the age of the applicant when the policy is purchased.
Premiums depend on the employee's age.
Premiums depend on the sum insured.
Premiums depend on the type of construction and location of a house.
Premiums fully pad by the hospital.
Premiums generally increase with age.
Premiums generally reflect the frequency of hazards and the exposure of farm operations.
Premiums generally remain level or increase throughout the specified term.
Premiums have maximum charges but are based on current mortality and interest assumptions.
Premiums help to increase sales and enhance the perception of value for subscribing.
Premiums increase after the first ten years.
Premiums increase annually beginning after the level term period.
Premiums increase annually.
Premiums increase at renewal.
Premiums increase by age brackets.
Premiums increase each year at anniversary according to insured's current age.
Premiums increase each year, but death benefit remains the same.
Premiums increase each year.
Premiums increase gradually for five years and then level off.
Premiums increase later at specified times.
Premiums increase minimally each year to reflect the higher age of the insured.
Premiums increase only at renewal.
Premiums increase with age, and it does take time for the cash value to grow.
Premiums is based on issue age and remains level thereafter.
Premiums listed below include applicable sales tax.
Premiums never rise, no deductible.
Premiums paid after the gift is made are also tax deductible.
Premiums paid are actually deposits made by employer into a trust fund.
Premiums paid are amortized during the period in which the options are exercisable.
Premiums paid by the employer on behalf of employees are tax deductible.
Premiums paid for other employees is fully deductible.
Premiums pay for themselves by adding value to the product or offering and winning new customers.
Premiums quoted are for all UK post-codes.
Premiums received by growers can vary widely depending on supply and demand.
Premiums remain constant during the life of the policy, but increase when it is renewed.
Premiums remain constant regardless of the age or health of the policyholder.
Premiums remain constant throughout one's life.
Premiums remain level for the life of the policy.
Premiums remain level for the term of the insurance.
Premiums remain the same during the policy term.
Premiums remain the same, but face amount decreases monthly.
Premiums remain the same.
Premiums remain unchanged over time.
Premiums rise and confidence falls.
Premiums rise at each renewal.
Premiums rise sharply with age.
Premiums rise with age.
Premiums spreading insurance risk over a large group brings premiums down.
Premiums start higher than renewable term.
Premiums stay constant throughout the term.
Premiums stay high.
Premiums stay the same.
Premiums still being paid on such a policy are also deductible.
Premiums tend to be inversely proportional to the risk management the underwriter imposes.
Premiums tend to be very expensive, especially at older age.
Premiums used in the examples are for illustrative purposes only.
Premiums vary according to family size.
Premiums vary according to individual departure cities.
Premiums vary according to the grade of hospital chosen for treatment.
Premiums vary accordingly.
Premiums vary among companies, so shop around.
Premiums vary among the choices.
Premiums vary based on the options selected and the amount purchased.
Premiums vary by age.
Premiums vary by factors of five or more based in accident history.
Premiums vary by plan and coverage option.
Premiums vary depending on age, gender, and state of health.
Premiums vary depending on face value of policy and age of employee.
Premiums vary depending on plan selection.
Premiums vary depending on salary and level of income elected.
Premiums vary depending on the length of the stay and which plan option is chosen.
Premiums vary depending on the length of time the policy is taken for.
Premiums vary depending on the option selected.
Premiums vary from a few hundred to several thousand dollars annually.
Premiums vary from company to company.
Premiums vary from plan to plan.
Premiums vary greatly.
Premiums vary markedly from company to company.
Premiums vary markedly.
Premiums vary significantly with the type of inflation protection chosen.
Premiums vary widely, underlining the importance of careful shopping.
Premiums vary widely.
Premiums vary with each company, as do the requirements to be bonded.
Premiums vary with the exporter, type of buyers and credit terms.
Premiums vary with the type and value of the property covered by the policy.
Premiums vary with the type of loan, term, down payment and other factors.
Premiums usually increase annually.
Premiums usually increase each year.
All premiums are age-related.
All premiums are due the first day of the month.
All premiums are gross, with the exception of the United States and Canada, with are net.
All premiums are subject to underwriting review of a completed application.
All premiums paid are deductible as cash contributions.
All premiums paid by the donor are deductible as cash contributions.
All premiums received for Allstate business is deposited into a separate Allstate account.
All premiums shown are subject to satisfactory proposal.
Premiums rates are reasonable in relation to the coverage provided.
A premix is mixture
Premixes take almost as much time to prepare as from scratch and never seem to taste as good.
Premixed solutions are a safer option than concentrated vials.
Premixed solutions are also available.
Premoistened swabs remove dust and dirt on and around keyboards.
Premolar teeth form between the roots of the deciduous molar teeth.
Premolar teeth have sharp edges used for shearing.
A premolar is a tooth
Premolars are found distal to canines and mesial to molars.
Premolars are low wide teeth that are located behind the canines.
Premolars are the back teeth or cheek teeth closer to the front of the mouth than the molars.
Premolars are the teeth with points, just behind the canine.
Premolars are tooths.
Premolars have a broad crown with rounded cusps but have only one root.
Premolars have a more flat chewing surface because they're meant for crushing food.
Premolars have one, two, and sometimes three canals.
Premolars noncingulate, with rounded contours and weU-developed tetartocones.
All premolars are present.
Premonition is apprehension
Premonitions are quite easy to ignore.
Premonitions is different.
Premonitions tend to occur before disasters, accidents and deaths.
Premorbid factors are critical in brain injury research.
Prenatal breath is when the lower abdomen and upper abdomen do reciprocal movements.
Prenatal caffeine decreases body temperature and ultrasonic calls in rat pups.
Prenatal care begins from the onset of pregnancy.
Prenatal care consists of much more than just monitoring the mother's diet and weight.
Prenatal care helps prepare women for a healthy pregnancy.
Prenatal care improves pregnancy outcomes.
Prenatal care includes risk assessment, medical treatment and health education.
Prenatal care involves a series of regular examinations and tests by a physician or midwife.
Prenatal care is a cost-effective way to reduce medical costs.
Prenatal care is a crucial step in insuring good health in any child.
Prenatal care is a key factor in preventing preterm births and low birthweight babies.
Prenatal care is a key factor in preventing preterm births and very low birthweight babies.
Prenatal care is also available.
Prenatal care is an important part of every pregnancy.
Prenatal care is an important part of helping prepare that child for the world.
Prenatal care is another health issue.
Prenatal care is considered a serious health condition.
Prenatal care is crucial for mother and child s mental and Physical health.
Prenatal care is especially important for women who are at increased medical or social risk.
Prenatal care is essential for the health of an unborn baby.
Prenatal care is health care and other services available to pregnant women as a fetus develops.
Prenatal care is important at all stages.
Prenatal care is important for all women, even if they have been pregnant before and feel fine.
Prenatal care is important to the health of the baby.
Prenatal care is included as a serious health condition.
Prenatal care is medical care while a woman is pregnant.
Prenatal care is offered by three of our physicians.
Prenatal care is the beginning of health care in a person's life.
Prenatal care is the best way to assure a safe and healthy pregnancy.
Prenatal care is the first responsibility of parenthood.
Prenatal care is the health care a pregnant woman receives.
Prenatal care is very beneficial to the mother and the child.
Prenatal care is vital to the health of both mother and baby.
Prenatal care provides a critical window of opportunity to screen and refer pregnant women.
Prenatal care reduces the incidence of low birth weights.
Prenatal classes are in English and Spanish.
Prenatal classes help educate and alleviate fears for expectant women.
Prenatal classes teach techniques for coping with labor without drugs.
Prenatal cocaine produces gender-specific motor effects in aged male rats.
Prenatal counseling concerning genetic disease risks is also available.
Prenatal counselling is an important tool in the evaluation of congenital heart diseases.
Prenatal development follows normal patterns.
Prenatal development follows patterns.
Prenatal development involves a delicate program of interrelated embryologic events.
Prenatal development is also usefully divided into the germinal, embryonic and fetal stages.
Most prenatal development follows normal patterns.
Most prenatal development follows patterns.
A prenatal diagnosis is a diagnostic technique
Prenatal diagnoses use techniques.
Prenatal diagnosis can detect fetuses with lethal genetic disorders very early in a pregnancy.
Prenatal diagnosis is also available.
Prenatal diagnosis is also very accurate using chorionic villus sampling or amniocentesis samples.
Prenatal diagnosis is available for some forms of adrenogenital syndrome.
Prenatal diagnosis is available if desired.
Prenatal diagnosis is available on chorionic villus cells or amniocytes.
Prenatal diagnosis is available on cultured chorionic villus cells and amniocytes.
Prenatal diagnosis is available only for the perinatal form.
Prenatal diagnosis is available through ultrasound and molecular analysis.
Prenatal diagnosis is available to determine if a pregnancy is affected.
Prenatal diagnosis is available utilizing amniotic fluid cells or chorionic villus cells.
Prenatal diagnosis is available.
Prenatal diagnosis is based on the absence of acid lipase activity in cultured chorionic villi.
Prenatal diagnosis is by amniocentesis and chorionic villus sampling.
Prenatal diagnosis is common for the detection of such developmental abnormalities.
Prenatal diagnosis is complicated but can be accomplished.
Prenatal diagnosis is experimental.
Prenatal diagnosis is made possible by performing either CVS or amniocentesis .
Prenatal diagnosis is now possible for couples at risk of producing a child with sickle cell anemia.
Prenatal diagnosis is offered if mutations are identified.
Prenatal diagnosis is offered if the risk exceeds a fixed cut-off.
Prenatal diagnosis is offered to sufferers and carriers of the disease.
Prenatal diagnosis is often possible with amniocentesis or other genetic tests.
Prenatal diagnosis is often possible.
Prenatal diagnosis is performed on cultured amniotic fluid cells or chorionic villus cells.
Prenatal diagnosis is possible and available at academic centers.
Prenatal diagnosis is possible from amniotic fluid studies.
Prenatal diagnosis is possible through amniocentesis.
Prenatal diagnosis is possible through the use of amniocentesis and chorionic villus sampling.
Prenatal diagnosis is possible using amniotic fluid cells or chorionic villus cells.
Prenatal diagnosis is possible with amniotic fluid cells or cultured chorionic villus cells.
Prenatal diagnosis is possible.
Prenatal diagnosis is used to diagnose a genetic disease or condition in a developing fetus.
Prenatal diagnosis is useful in preventing important postnatal complications.
Prenatal diagnosis requires amniotic fluid, amniocyte culture, direct CVS, or CVS culture.
Prenatal diagnosises are diagnostic procedures.
Most prenatal diagnoses use techniques.
Prenatal education is a very high volume, high priority area for translated materials.
Prenatal education is another important goal.
Prenatal ethanol reduces the activity of adult midbrain dopamine neurons.
Prenatal exposure is capable of influencing later events in differentiation and survival of neurons.
Some prenatal factors associate with problems.
Prenatal features suggest a skeletal dysplasia.
Prenatal haloperidol reduces the number of active midbrain dopamine neurons in rat offspring.
Prenatal history is unremarkable.
Prenatal impressions are more potential than postnatal.
Prenatal infections are common in dogs.
Prenatal infections can also occur.
Some prenatal infection is caused by eclipse.
Some prenatal infection is caused by solar eclipse.
Prenatal information creates terrible dilemmas for prospective parents.
Prenatal massage alleviates many discomforts of pregnancy through skilled touch and communication.
Prenatal massage is also available.
Prenatal massage is gentle and assists circulation.
Prenatal massage is offered as a specialty service.
Prenatal nutrition has a strong influence on birth weight and further development of the infant.
Prenatal psychologists see the very core of human personality forming in the womb.
Prenatal registration is required following a positive hospital verified pregnancy test.
Prenatal stimulation allows communicating with babies in uterus.
Prenatal stimulation is the first and best gift a parent can give a child.
Prenatal stress alters the dorsolateral nucleus of the spinal cord.
Prenatal stress alters the size of the rostral anterior commissure in rats.
Prenatal stress alters the size of the rostral anterior commissure in the rats .
Prenatal stress attenuates ulceration in the activity stress paradigm.
Prenatal stress attenuates ulceration in the activity-stress paradigm.
Prenatal supplements taken during pregnancy can prevent nutritional deficiencies.
Prenatal suspense seems to stretch into years.
Prenatal tests do several different things.
Prenatal tests measure levels.
Prenatal tests show an increased likelihood of a problem with the baby.
Prenatal tests take approximately three weeks.
Many prenatal tests are for screening rather than diagnostic purposes.
Prenatal testing can pose the most difficult issues.
Prenatal testing involves either amniocentesis or a chorionic villus biopsy.
Prenatal testing is a growing trend that brings with it several difficult ethical situations.
Prenatal testing is also available.
Prenatal testing is also possible.
Prenatal testing is available for some genetic eye conditions.
Prenatal testing is available to determine if birth defects are present.
Prenatal testing is available.
Prenatal testing is offered only if the suspected condition can be diagnosed before birth.
Prenatal testing is possible for any of the known genetic mechanisms.
Prenatal testing is used to diagnose abnormalities in the fetus.
Prenatal therapy brings about an alternative to abortion.
Prenatal treatment is recommended.
Prenatal vaccination protects newborns, study says.
Prenatal visits are more frequent.
Prenatal visits focus on things such as self-care and signs and symptoms of pregnancy complications.
Prenatal vitamins are a good idea until after the infant is weaned.
Prenatal vitamins are a vital part of a healthy pregnancy.
Prenatal vitamins are also very important to begin before conception.
Prenatal vitamins are available at no cost.
Prenatal vitamins are often the source of iron poisoning in children.
Prenatal vitamins are the only source of folic acid supplements.
Prenatal vitamins help essential nutrients.
Prenatal vitamins help nutrients.
Prenatal vitamins provide only part of the needed calcium, so also choose food sources.
Most prenatal vitamins contain an iron supplement.
Most prenatal vitamins contain potassium.
Most prenatal vitamins have the recommended levels of vitamins and folic acid.
Most prenatal vitamins help essential nutrients.
Most prenatal vitamins help nutrients.
Some prenatal vitamins contain acid.
Some prenatal vitamins contain fluoride.
Prenatal yoga is great for pregnancy.
Preneoplastic lesions can also progress to the malignant state, Surgery is the mainstay of therapy.
A prentice is a beginner
Prentice prefers to wait until a hole develops.
Prentiss soils have a coarse-loamy control section.
Prenumbered checks are primary source documents for accurately determining expenses.
Prenuptial agreement controls if valid.
Prenuptial agreements are already common, especially in second marriages.
Prenuptial agreements are an important tool for a family business owner who plans to remarry.
Prenuptial agreements are contracts entered into by individuals before marriage.
Prenuptial agreements are generally enforceable in Illinois.
Prenuptial agreements are generally enforceable in Massachusetts.
Prenuptial agreements are generally enforceable in New York.
Prenuptial agreements are generally enforceable in Pennsylvania.
Prenuptial agreements are generally enforceable in Texas.
Prenuptial agreements are generally enforceable.
Prenuptial agreements are infamous for stirring up a hornet's nest of feelings.
Prenuptial agreements are still the exception.
Prenuptial agreements come before the law of the land when conflict arises.
Prenuptial agreements drafted by lawyers and lay people are equally valid.
Prenuptial agreements have a tendency to perpetuate imbalances and inequity.
Prenuptial agreements imply the existence of children.
Prenuptial agreements shield the business from becoming the spoils of divorce suits.
Prenuptial agreements take away the financial pain .
All prenuptial agreements are legally enforceable documents.
Preoccupation creates a desire to act out the thoughts.
Preoccupation is an idea
Preoccupation is certainly the arch enemy of spiritual growth and Christian service.
Preoccupation is ideas.
Preoccupation is no excuse.
Preoccupation is with destiny change for people and our planet.
Preoccupation often contributes to what others experience as rude behavior.
Preoccupied people are high in anxiety and low in avoidance.
Preoedipal conflicts intensify the danger of oedipal longings for panic patients.
Preoperational children lack an understanding of conservation.
Preoperative anxiety is very common.
Preoperative arteriography is required in most cases.
Any preoperative asymmetry becomes more obvious after surgery.
Preoperative care begins with routine but thorough general medical or pediatric care.
Preoperative care includes sharp debridement, hydrotherapy, and wet to dry dressing changes.
Preoperative chemotherapy can convert a nonresectable tumor to a resectable one.
Preoperative chemotherapy is undertaken before resection.
Preoperative evaluation can help stratify risk.
Preoperative evaluation is emphasized.
Preoperative examination excludes people with active ocular infection or inflammation.
Preoperative identification is difficult because of lack of characteristic radiographic features.
Preoperative ketorolac increases bleeding after tonsillectomy in children.
Preoperative management is directed at correcting the fluid deficient and electrolyte imbalance.
Preoperative management is paramount to a good surgical outcome in patients with uveitis.
Preoperative medication can affect postoperative pain.
Preoperative medications are helpful for a variety of reasons.
Preoperative photographs are essential.
Preoperative planning is aided by classifying fractures as depressed, split, or bicondylar.
Preoperative planning is important to reduce operating time and obtain a good end result.
Preoperative planning is much more involved today and allows for tailored hook placement.
Preoperative preparation consists of intravenous volume repletion and antibiotic therapy.
Preoperative radiation appears to offer no major survival advantage.
Preoperative teaching is the major responsibility of the nurse.
Preowned movies are available at a fraction of the cost of new movies.
Most prep companies offer a free diagnostic test.
Some prep companies say they question the results of the study.
Most Prep kids are good in math.
All prep parents are welcome to come along and enjoy some friendly chat and a cuppa.
A prep school is a secondary school
Prep school is a pinball machine.
Prep school is a pressure cooker.
Prep time begins when the speaker receives the three topics.
Prep time is still pretty minimal.
Prep time is the bottleneck for the entire masking process.
All prep time takes about one and half hour.
Much prep time is needed before anything physical even begins.
Some prep work is required before files can be debugged remotely.
All prep wrestlers start the season striving for it but very few end up achieving it.
PREP can have multiple databases.
PREP comes in fine and coarse grades, and is largely distributed wholesale.
Prep is a schoolwork
PReP is a teaching strategy for activating students' knowledge before a reading task.
PrEP is designed to generate issues and problems for students to solve.
Prep isa task.
PREP provides insights and skills for a more loving and growth filled relationship.
PREP provides non-credit preparatory courses for both the sales and broker exams.
PREP teaches couples how to manage a. money.
Prep womens lacrosse action photos.
Prep work Creating a safe salad bar starts in the back of the house.
Prep work for the gelcoat and painting begins.
Prep work for the show counts towards the activity grade.
Prep work in advance, and scheduling outreach in advance, are still important.
Preps roll three games each, and individual instruction is also available.
PREP always expects three dummy atoms for the beginning.
All preps are for inpatients only.
Some prep is part of curricula.
Some prep is part of education.
Some prep is part of syllabi.
Some prep is part of workshops.
Prepackaged components can greatly reduce the risks and costs associated with such a project.
Prepackaged containers are spot checked periodically in all retail markets to insure accuracy.
Prepackaged foods are readily available, especially in bike shops.
Prepackaged kits are available, usually with enough supplies for several children.
Prepaid accounts are non cancelable and non refundable, all Sales final.
Prepaid advertisers have priority in space allocation and position.
Prepaid boxes have weight limits.
Prepaid cards are a software device that simply bypasses the credit qualification process.
Prepaid cards are also transferable, and can thus be given as gifts.
Prepaid cards are easy to use.
Prepaid cards are widely available in local stores.
Prepaid deposits are non-refundable at check in.
Prepaid discount passes available.
Prepaid expenses are assets.
Prepaid expenses are generally small, relative to the rest of the balance sheet.
Prepaid freight includes handling charge.
Prepaid funerals are also a big part of the sales push by chains.
Prepaid funerals are commonplace in the industry and are usually handled by insurance.
Prepaid hours allow unlimited download as well as unlimited session times.
Prepaid incidents are good for one year.
Prepaid insurance is an example.
Prepaid interest is paid at loan closing.
Prepaid items are invoice when shipped.
Prepaid kit includes starter airtime.
Prepaid lunches are available.
Prepaid minutes are also an incremental purchase.
Prepaid options are available for large volumes.
Prepaid orders are the only orders that can now be handled.
Prepaid plans allow contributors to lock in prices at Virginia public colleges.
Prepaid plans are also available.
Prepaid plans are refundable on a pro-rated basis.
Prepaid plans are usually more expensive and less flexible than other types of plans.
Prepaid rates depend on quantity ordered.
Prepaid readings are by credit card or cashier's check or money order only.
Prepaid registration is only good for three months to hold a spot.
Prepaid registration is requested by mail or in person.
Prepaid registration is requested.
Prepaid registration is required for all seminars.
Prepaid registration is required.
Prepaid rent is another common deposit requested by landlords.
Prepaid rent is reported in a spreadsheet.
Prepaid reservations are necessary.
Prepaid responses are good for two weeks.
Prepaid service is also available.
Prepaid services are one new marketing tool.
Prepaid services are simple to use and confidential as no paper bills are generated.
Prepaid services maximize preventive care and access to treatment by minimizing financial barriers.
Prepaid Taxis are avaialable.
Prepaid taxis are available from the airports to the downtown.
Prepaid taxis are available in the airport which take about five minutes to reach the office.
Prepaid tickets are available for purchase in our school.
Prepaid tickets are good until they are used.
Prepaid transport is also available for excursions in and around the city limits.
Prepaid tuition is a guarantee.
Prepaid tuition plans Some states offer prepaid tuition plans to qualified residents.
Prepaid tuition plans -the conservative choice.
Prepaid users can get more minutes before the expiration date.
Prepaid visits are transferable to family and friends.
Preparation time becomes a time of purifying.
Preparation time is a key.
Preparation time is about an hour, plus preparation time for the seitan.
Preparation time is always in minutes if listed as rounds.
Preparation time is approx.
Preparation time is five minutes.
Preparation time is just one difference between the two events.
Preparation time is limited to collection time and set up of the lab for microscope work.
Preparation time is limited.
Preparation time is longer.
Preparation time is minimal.
Preparation time is minimalised and the comprehensive instructions are short and to the point.
Preparation time is moderate .
Preparation time is much shorter.
Preparation time is often more intense for a distance education class.
Preparation time is over.
Preparation time is reflected in the cost.
Preparation time is short and churches are being urged to start praying and preparing now.
Preparation time is short, and most materials needed are found around the house.
Preparation time is ten minutes.
Preparation time is typically three to five working days.
Preparation time is virtually non-existent and the results are truly amazing.
Preparation time remains the main issue.
Preparation time varies according to the beef substitute used.
Preparation times are generally less than thirty minutes.
More preparation time is required for active learning than for straight lecture.
Preparation affects results.
Preparation alone takes several full days, and identification can take quite a bit longer.
Preparation also can be fun.
Preparation also effects garlic supplements.
Preparation also holds true for fishing.
Preparation also includes consideration of past concerns under the collective bargaining agreement.
Preparation also means planning what to wear for the interview.
Preparation also plays a crucial role in the development of the new chicken sandwich line.
Preparation also promotes settlement, often resulting in enormous savings for the client.
Preparation also requires being able to conduct interviews and create audiovisual materials.
Preparation also works for auditions.
Preparation alters principles.
Preparation appears weak.
Preparation are always prepared for class.
Preparation Are always prepared for class.
Preparation are elective courses.
Preparation Be familiar with the district emergency plan.
Preparation beforehand makes a big difference a.
Preparation beforehand makes a big difference.
Preparation begin many days in advance.
Preparation begins at summer camp, and culminates in the team's first meet.
Preparation begins before the storm arrives.
Preparation begins by reviewing potential topics with the client.
Preparation begins by setting appropriate goals and objectives and deciding on course content.
Preparation begins in the fall under supervisor control.
Preparation begins in the junior year for senior year application.
Preparation begins in the junior year.
Preparation begins in the sophomore year for study abroad after graduation.
Preparation begins in the spring.
Preparation begins next week.
Preparation begins the day after the New Year's parade for the next campaign.
Preparation begins the day before class.
Preparation begins the night before.
Preparation begins the week before the ride, with carbo loading and tapering.
Preparation begins with a firm commitment to quit smoking.
Preparation begins with a thorough washing of the surfaces.
Preparation begins with an analysis of the domain of the test.
Preparation Bring sufficient strips of paper to class for each student to be offered five.
Preparation Bring the milk to boil on a high fire, stirring continuously.
Preparation builds confidence, confidence enhances performance.
Preparation builds confidence.
Preparation Buy hot chocolate mixes.
Preparation can be as important as the interview itself.
Preparation can be the key to being both comfortable and successful.
Preparation can be time-consuming.
Preparation can be very time-consuming.
Preparation can begin before the birth of the child.
Preparation can help for some types of tests.
Preparation can help Good test preparation is the best way to minimize rational anxiety.
Preparation can help make holiday shopping easier.
Preparation can help.
Preparation can include being willing to lay the notes aside for a few minutes.
Preparation can make a career fair a rewarding experience for UK students, say two career experts.
Preparation can make a difference.
Preparation can make a lot of difference.
Preparation can make a vacation a pleasant and educational experience.
Preparation can make smokers nervous and unsure of themselves.
Preparation can mean the difference between an offer letter and a rejection letter.
Preparation can minimize the risks.
Preparation can prevent ruin, and can open new possibilities.
Preparation can save lives, equipment, and reduce the risk of hazard.
Preparation can save valuable when an important presentation looms.
Preparation can smooth the transition.
Preparation can take time.
Preparation cans have effects.
Preparation cans have side effects.
Preparation cans have toxic effects.
Preparation consists of approval of the supervising faculty member and the dean's office.
Preparation consists of the learning activities that take place prior to the service itself.
Preparation continues with the addition of spices and herbs.
Preparation Copy the handout on brainstorming.
Preparation Cut the head of green cabbage into chunks.
Preparation Cut the meat in small pieces.
Preparation demonstrates ability to identify and access critical information from credible sources.
Preparation depends on the surface being painted.
Preparation depends on the type of test being performed.
Preparation Do each exercise for one minute.
Preparation Eat and exercise normally for three days prior to the test.
Preparation enhances performance.
Preparation equals success in the interview process.
Preparation Find a good tide pool field guide and read it before going to the tide pool.
Preparation Find a quiet space.
Preparation Find a tall object to measure, such as a flagpole, light post, or telephone pole.
Preparation Finely mince all the herbs together with black olives and capers.
Preparation First remove the existing baseboard from the walls.
Preparation First verify that all items bear only eight digits for the routing and transit number.
Preparation focuses mostly on parent's questions.
Preparation Follow the directions listed on the student sheet for preparing the gelatin.
Preparation generally appears attentive, flavor quotients are high, and ingredients are fresh.
Preparation Get a square sample, reed mat, hand towel, or something similar for each family member.
Preparation Getting started in planning and preparing a talk is often the most difficult part.
Preparation gives children information to develop coping strategies.
Preparation Go to the samba website and read about samba.
Preparation goes a very long way towards eventual success.
Preparation goes beyond simple belief. . .
Preparation happens in the mind and heart.
Preparation has dietetic and staffs meals, fresh meats and vegetables.
Preparation has to begin well before the caving trip.
Preparation Have crayons or markers for students.
Preparation Have questions to hand out to group or on poster or overhead transparency.
Preparation Have some wildlife books available with pictures of owls.
Preparation Have the students bring in a newspaper article about medicine.
Preparation helps land office job.
Preparation helps problems.
Preparation helps weed problems.
Preparation Identify the audience.
Preparation implies the ability to fight.
Preparation improves accuracy.
Preparation includes a complete medical history and physical examination.
Preparation includes a two-year curriculum which combines academic and clincal teaching.
Preparation includes background readings and orientation seminars.
Preparation includes bathing and making sure the dog a sufficient supply of any medications.
Preparation includes car wash, fuel fill, and minor repairs such as bulb replacements.
Preparation includes care and effort in the reading.
Preparation includes courses in biology, math, physics, English, and chemistry.
Preparation includes distribution.
Preparation includes food provisioning, vessel maintenance, check whale-sighting networks.
Preparation includes four steps.
Preparation includes getting in touch with both the body and the mind.
Preparation includes hardware wiring diagrams and syntax-free assembly printouts.
Preparation includes individual and group evaluation and regular practice examinations.
Preparation includes learning new vocabulary and doing grammar exercises at home out loud .
Preparation includes learning new vocabulary and doing grammar exercises at home out loud.
Preparation includes learning new vocabulary and reading the assignments before class.
Preparation includes many opportunities for hands-on experience at all levels.
Preparation includes much more than analysis of each party's interests.
Preparation includes music lessons, and formal music training.
Preparation includes organizing plans and beginning the process of developing a business plan.
Preparation includes reading the chapters and answering the chapter-end questions.
Preparation includes readings, cases, exercises and any distributed material.
Preparation includes reproduction of proposals, contracts and plan reduction.
Preparation includes required aircraft maintenance and installation of ferry equipment.
Preparation includes research effort, diversity of source information, and knowledge of subject.
Preparation includes resume preparation and laying the groundwork for landing the job.
Preparation includes several steps.
Preparation includes strategy.
Preparation includes study of topics discussed earlier and completion of the homework assignment.
Preparation includes the development of scholarly, research, and practical administrative abilities.
Preparation includes the problems covered in the assigned reading.
Preparation includes washing the body and replacing the blood with embalming fluid.
Preparation includes working with yeast breads, making soups, and low fat cooking techniques.
Preparation increases efficiency in the laboratory.
Preparation involves allocating memory needed by the type, such as memory for any class variables.
Preparation involves careful and comprehensive analysis of the cases.
Preparation involves classes in research design and research practice taken in Semester Two.
Preparation involves cleaning carefully, filling cracks, and either sanding or etching.
Preparation involves cooks, turkey carvers, servers, and others to assist in setting up.
Preparation involves fixing, embedding, sectioning, and staining.
Preparation involves only the addition of measured amounts of water and deflocculents.
Preparation involves placing a red sticker on one side of a ring magnet, and a blue on the other.
Preparation involves washing the surface to remove loose dirt, chalking and stains.
Preparation is a big part it.
Preparation is a bitch.
Preparation is a critical part of successful compact meetings.
Preparation is a huge part of the game.
Preparation is a key component of foaling management.
Preparation is a key element for effective participation along with regular class attendance.
Preparation is a key element for reducing anxiety.
Preparation is a key element in any large scale emergency.
Preparation is a key element to making a solid presentation.
Preparation is a key factor in victory.
Preparation is a key to effectively telling a Bible story.
Preparation is a key to important work, including planning.
Preparation is a key to success.
Preparation is a key to the success of any athletic program.
Preparation is a lot more than simply reading the case.
Preparation is a major component of successful selling.
Preparation is a matter of glazing the ham, if desired, and reheating.
Preparation is a necessity.
Preparation is a positive legal interaction.
Preparation is a reality.
Preparation is a slow and tedious process that can take months to years to complete one fossil.
Preparation is a snap.
Preparation is a stage that combines intention and behavioral criteria.
Preparation is a very important part of a successful adoption.
Preparation is a vital component in a successful purchase at auction.
Preparation is a vital key in every successful flight.
Preparation is a wonderful thing.
Preparation is absolutely necessary.
Preparation is accomplished over time.
Preparation is accomplished through extensive academic and external practicum experiences.
Preparation is achieved through education.
Preparation is activities.
Preparation is all.
Preparation is almost invariably as a tea.
Preparation is already underway for a summer missions project to Jamaica to work with the deaf.
Preparation is also important.
Preparation is also key.
Preparation is always the golden key to angling, especially during the winter months.
Preparation is always the key to success.
Preparation is always vital.
Preparation is an activity
Preparation is an enlightening process filled with discovery and freedom.
Preparation is an essential part of any important examination.
Preparation is an important component of going abroad.
Preparation is an important key to fasting.
Preparation is an important part of game care.
Preparation is an important part of many events in life.
Preparation is an important part of visits.
Preparation is an intense faith formation process.
Preparation is an overlooked factor when creating a campaign.
Preparation is an unavoidable, labor intensive step in the imaging process.
Preparation is another art entirely.
Preparation is art and celebration.
Preparation is as easy as adding several drops of essential oil to the running bathwater.
Preparation is as easy as putting it in an oven or microwave.
Preparation is as important for an effective interview as it is for the winning cover letter.
Preparation is at the heart of every successful legal case.
Preparation is available for interested participants.
Preparation is available for use with various mechanical or electrical remote operating systems.
Preparation is central to a speech.
Preparation is complex.
Preparation is critical for success.
Preparation is critical to success in any venture.
Preparation is critical.
Preparation Is Critical.
Preparation is crucial as journeys are long.
Preparation is crucial for any interview, and is particularly important in information interviews.
Preparation is crucial in a sport where a win or a loss is measured by seconds.
Preparation is crucial to safety on the water.
Preparation is crucial.
Preparation is defined as actually having some ideas to bring to the discussion.
Preparation is done at home with additional sessions in the classroom.
Preparation is done communally by trip members.
Preparation is done during regular rehearsals in the school day.
Preparation is done in groups where possible.
Preparation is dye-free and thus potentially an advantage in the spills and stains department.
Preparation is easy P reparation and packing for a barge adventure is easy.
Preparation is easy.
Preparation is essential for a healthy, safe, and spiritually enriching experience.
Preparation is essential for good soil and healthy plants.
Preparation is essential for smooth and successful seller interviews.
Preparation is essential for successful interviewing.
Preparation is essential in becoming a good player.
Preparation is essential to a satisfactory outcome.
Preparation is essential to good reading.
Preparation is essential to good test performances.
Preparation is essential to success.
Preparation is essential.
Preparation is even more important for a physician of souls .
Preparation is even more important today.
Preparation is even more important when building a wireless infrastructure.
Preparation is everyone's responsibility.
Preparation Is Everything .
Preparation is everything for work as an actor.
Preparation is everything in finding a new job.
Preparation Is Everything There is no substitute for a good idea.
Preparation is everything to survive the sparseness of wintertime.
Preparation is everything when doing a successful application.
Preparation is everything.
Preparation is evident and delivery is rehearsed.
Preparation is fairly conservative.
Preparation is fast and convenient, and self basting keeps natural juices sealed in.
Preparation is fine and necessary, but the job is about judgment.
Preparation is focused on responders like police, fire-rescue and medical facilities.
Preparation is for work in industry or a small business.
Preparation is futile.
Preparation is given for school and professional certifications and licensure.
Preparation is good.
Preparation is guided and supported by detailed handouts in advance of the lectures.
Preparation is half the battle.
Preparation is half the task.
Preparation is hard work.
Preparation is harmony.
Preparation is important because it can help minimize the effects of withdrawal.
Preparation is important for agriculture to prevent farmers from having many losses.
Preparation is important in avoiding the problem.
Preparation is important long before it s to late.
Preparation is important when creating and planting a rock garden.
Preparation is important.
Preparation is in progress for publication.
Preparation is in progress for the sale or corporatisation of several other public entities.
Preparation is insurance.
Preparation is inventive.
Preparation is irrelevant.
Preparation is itself a deterrent.
Preparation is key .
Preparation is key for a safe trip to the game and back home.
Preparation is key in providing a successful service learning experience for participants.
Preparation is key to a successful interview.
Preparation is key to a successful surveillance, regardless of type.
Preparation is key to a successful tease.
Preparation is key to efficient negotiation.
Preparation is key to having a great serve.
Preparation is key to having successful at career fairs.
Preparation is key to interviewing well.
Preparation is key to success in any endeavor.
Preparation is key to successful borrowing.
Preparation is key to surviving any disaster.
Preparation is key to the successful litigation of any case.
Preparation is key, beginning with the employee's entry into the country.
Preparation is key, especially with restaurant dining.
Preparation is key.
Preparation is limited to meat cutting processing, smoking, cooking and wrapping.
Preparation is made in the village or compound for the return of the children.
Preparation is meticulous, and consumption is ceremonious and deliberate.
Preparation is minimal again.
Preparation is minimal.
Preparation is more critical now.
Preparation is more important than presentation.
Preparation is more than fact-finding and effective writing.
Preparation is more than half the battle.
Preparation is most important, and a minimum requirement for survival equipment exists.
Preparation is much easier with an advisor's help.
Preparation is much simpler than for standard stuffed cabbage rolls.
Preparation is necessary and excellent resources are provided.
Preparation is necessary to ensure a worry-free move.
Preparation is necessary, too.
Preparation is necessary.
Preparation is needed to make the most of help from professionals in fundraising.
Preparation is needed to survive, namely knowledge about the markets.
Preparation is next.
Preparation is nineteenths of the law in attaining a quality execution.
Preparation is no guarantee of instant success, but neither is sincerity alone.
Preparation is non-competitive.
Preparation is now the key.
Preparation is now underway.
Preparation is obviously paramount.
Preparation is of paramount importance in getting a foot in the door.
Preparation is of utmost importance.
Preparation is often a consumer of too much time.
Preparation is often the key to smooth sailing, on the sea, and in life.
Preparation is one of the keys to a successful interview.
Preparation is one of the main factors to a meaningful worship concert.
Preparation is one of the most important parts of worship.
Preparation is one thing, but all that matters happens in the middle.
Preparation is one thing.
Preparation is one-third of the battle.
Preparation is open to anyone who has reached the age of reason.
Preparation is over two days with laxatives taken for two consecutive nights before the examination.
Preparation is paramount.
Preparation is partly technical knowledge.
Preparation is perfect practice when no one else is looking or no one else cares.
Preparation is preferred, but notrequired.
Preparation is preparation is preparation . . .
Preparation is probably the single most important part of successful negotiations.
Preparation is probably the weakest element of most of today's screen comedians.
Preparation is provided for professional programs in the allied health sciences.
Preparation is provided in all of the major areas of professional education.
Preparation is provided in reading content areas and general math.
Preparation is provided within the major for four distinct degree options.
Preparation is prudent.
Preparation is quick and diverse.
Preparation is really quite easy.
Preparation is recommended in auto shop, electricity, machine shop, mechanical drawing, and welding.
Preparation is required for parents and godparents prior to the child's baptism.
Preparation is required.
Preparation is similar to the process followed in making black tea.
Preparation is simple and quick.
Preparation is simple, however there are a few concerns.
Preparation is so much of a key in racing.
Preparation is sometimes necessary to avoid disclosure of information relating to other customers.
Preparation is still the best way to help minimize poor performance.
Preparation is still the greatest technique for winning.
Preparation is such a big thing.
Preparation is the best antidote to fear.
Preparation is the best approach.
Preparation is the best course of action in prevention.
Preparation is the best defense against altitude sickness.
Preparation is the best form of progress.
Preparation is the best path to mutual understanding.
Preparation is the best remedy.
Preparation is the best way to avoid litigation.
Preparation is the biggest key to everything.
Preparation is the biggest part of the sell.
Preparation is the conscious attack on a problem.
Preparation is the first essential step towards a successful interview.
Preparation is the first step to any journey.
Preparation is the first step toward success.
Preparation is the key .
Preparation is the key component to reducing test anxiety.
Preparation is the key element in interviewing.
Preparation is the key element to everything successfully accomplished.
Preparation is the key factor for the successful interview.
Preparation is the key for a successful and painless negotiation - regardless of position level.
Preparation is the key here, light and spontaneous, just like the atmosphere.
Preparation is the key here.
Preparation is the key if the process is to flow smoothly.
Preparation is the key ingredient.
Preparation is the key The key to good presentation skills is preparation.
Preparation is the key to a good draft.
Preparation is the key to a good interview on a contentious issue like affirmative action.
Preparation is the key to a good interview performance.
Preparation is the key to a good interview.
Preparation is the key to a good run.
Preparation is the key to a successful course.
Preparation is the key to a successful demo, sales call, or the like.
Preparation is the key to a successful Internship.
Preparation is the key to a successful interview.
Preparation is the key to a successful interviewing experience.
Preparation is the key to a successful job search campaign.
Preparation is the key to a successful mission.
Preparation is the key to a successful outcome.
Preparation is the key to a successful re-entry to school.
Preparation is the key to a successful tutoring session.
Preparation is the key to achieving success through assistants.
Preparation is the key to an effective semester of study.
Preparation is the key to any successful venture.
Preparation is the key to being a good advocate.
Preparation is the key to being a good interviewee.
Preparation is the key to delivering a logical and interesting presentation.
Preparation is the key to deterrence.
Preparation is the key to doing well in chemistry lab.
Preparation is the key to effective participation.
Preparation is the key to enjoying a safe outing on the water.
Preparation is the key to enjoyment.
Preparation is the key to financial security and peace of mind .
Preparation is the key to financial security.
Preparation is the key to getting a job.
Preparation is the key to getting through the audit as painlessly as possible.
Preparation is the key to interview success.
Preparation is the key to keeping meetings productive and brief.
Preparation is the key to making any worship or service trouble free.
Preparation is the key to making doughnuts without it turning into complete chaos.
Preparation is the key to maximizing the use of time and resources.
Preparation is the key to minimizing fat intake.
Preparation is the key to minimizing rational anxiety.
Preparation is the key to minimizing the effects of emergencies.
Preparation is the key to remaining safe in winter.
Preparation is the key to success .
Preparation is the key to success in any endeavor.
Preparation is the key to success in dealing with the media.
Preparation is the key to success when interviewing a dishonest employee.
Preparation is the key to success, after all.
Preparation is the key to success, all the experts say.
Preparation is the key to success, and preparation begins with a thorough knowledge of the facts.
Preparation is the key to success, especially in athletics.
Preparation is the key to success.
Preparation is the key to successful interface.
Preparation is the key to successful interviewing.
Preparation is the key to successful presentations.
Preparation is the key to successful visits.
Preparation is the key to survival, yet there are many things that can be done to help recovery.
Preparation is the key to survival.
Preparation is the key to surviving a flood and reducing property damage.
Preparation is the key to surviving any stressful situation.
Preparation is the key to taking full advantage of a career fair.
Preparation is the key to the success of the officers' discussion.
Preparation is the key to traveling with a baby.
Preparation is the key to winning games.
Preparation is the key to winning the interview competition.
Preparation is the key when dealing with a flood or any other natural disaster.
Preparation is the key.
Preparation is the lesson of the day for the new screenwriter.
Preparation is the level at which the user is preparing for first use of the change.
Preparation is the mortar.
Preparation is the most important component for any crisis.
Preparation is the most important part of a successful benchmarking study.
Preparation is the most important part of painting.
Preparation is the name of the game.
Preparation is the operative word here.
Preparation is the other key.
Preparation is the preacher s friend.
Preparation is the prudent and wise course of action.
Preparation is the same as for the leaves.
Preparation is the seed of success.
Preparation is the single most effective way to improve classroom discussions.
Preparation is the single most important element in successful negotiations.
Preparation is the stepping stone to success in the middle.
Preparation is the trick.
Preparation is time consuming.
Preparation is time-consuming and bags of slips of paper tend to be awkward in use.
Preparation is to begin at least six to eight months prior to wedding date.
Preparation is two fold.
Preparation is underway of a book entitled The Democratic Purposes of Schooling .
Preparation is used for medical treatment of cancer in bones, prostate and other organs.
Preparation is used for scientific and technical purposes and for radioactive sources production.
Preparation is used for scientific investigations, standart y- sources production.
Preparation is very important .
Preparation is very important for it is the foundation of the spell.
Preparation is very important so read the entire project before beginning.
Preparation is very important when making prime rib.
Preparation is very important.
Preparation is very much a learning experience.
Preparation is very much the key, as is the attitude of the group going into the project.
Preparation is vital for a successful and seamless transition to the euro.
Preparation is vital for survival.
Preparation is vital for surviving and adequately functioning after an earthquake.
Preparation is vital to the success of a case.
Preparation is vital when confronted with a medical emergency.
Preparation is vital.
Preparation isa activity.
Preparation Keep the room warm to minimize temperature fluctuations.
Preparation Keep up with the reading .
Preparation Keep up with the reading.
Preparation lasts one week, known as Field Week.
Preparation lays the groundwork for magic.
Preparation lays the groundwork for successful fundraising.
Preparation leads to development.
Preparation Learn about the company and the position.
Preparation lies as close as the nearest community college.
Preparation lists activities to complete prior to the laboratory period.
Preparation Make a hay infusion to provide a population of wild protists.
Preparation Make an incision on both sides of the fish very lightly in a square pattern.
Preparation Make planets and pinata from paper mache.
Preparation Make two copies of the timetable.
Preparation Make two photocopies of the timetable.
Preparation makes a huge difference.
Preparation makes attendance and participation worthwhile.
Preparation makes meetings effective and purposeful.
Preparation makes the job much easier.
Preparation mays have effects.
Preparation mays have toxic effects.
Preparation means anticipating interview questions.
Preparation means anticipating the challenges.
Preparation means being cooked and injected with marinades.
Preparation means demonstrating one has read and reflected upon the assigned reading.
Preparation means more than reading the recruitment brochure.
Preparation means success.
Preparation Means Winning .
Preparation meets opportunity.
Preparation needs to include helping worshipers understand that the service is rather lengthy.
Preparation normally means at least two courses related to the topic of the seminar or colloquium.
Preparation pays off.
Preparation Preparing for a fishing trip is often as much fun as the trip itself.
Preparation Preparing for open heart surgery is usually a lengthy process.
Preparation presents another nutritional concern.
Preparation presents problems.
Preparation provides valuable background for careers in a broad range of fields.
Preparation ranges from fried to blackened to broiled.
Preparation ranges from three to eight sessions, to suit the needs of each individual child.
Preparation Read the corresponding notes on letrec and name let .
Preparation really becomes a matter of completely internalizing the piece and owning it.
Preparation reduces anxiety.
Preparation reflects the customers' rating of the preparation of participants by the school.
Preparation Remove all clothing above the waist.
Preparation Remove the entrails, clean, and remove head and scales from whole fish.
Preparation Remove the fibrous part of the onion base to make separation of the layers easier.
Preparation Remove the jacket leaves, core out the stem, and cut into florets, much like broccoli.
Preparation Remove the loin from the saddle, season well and wrap in caul fat.
Preparation Remove the stop-flow disc from inside the spout on the glue.
Preparation requires a baccalaureate degree.
Preparation requires a thoughtful, prayerful, playful approach to curriculum and activities.
Preparation requires four steps.
Preparation requires guidance.
Preparation requires more than just talking.
Preparation requires no great chemical wizardry.
Preparation requires no special skills.
Preparation requires one year, sometimes two.
Preparation requires research, which leads to knowledge about whatever is being spoken about.
Preparation requires use.
Preparation Rotating the log files helps to reduce log file analysis time by an argus client.
Preparation See that appropriate first aid supplies are maintained.
Preparation See the overview for topics covered.
Preparation See the review above.
Preparation Send a print job from a student desktop.
Preparation shows effects.
Preparation Sift the flour in a bowl, press the cheese through the sieve.
Preparation Start with clean hands.
Preparation starts at having a good and honest heart.
Preparation starts the day before the screen.
Preparation starts with research.
Preparation still seems to be the best course of action.
Preparation substantially improves test scores.
Preparation Take mathematics each year in high school.
Preparation takes a lot of time.
Preparation takes a number of days.
Preparation takes about six months.
Preparation takes dedication and desire to become the best.
Preparation takes most of the time.
Preparation takes place throughout the year.
Preparation takes quite a bit of time.
Preparation takes several hours for the flavors to permeate the fish.
Preparation takes several hours.
Preparation takes time and , unfortunately, people procrastinate.
Preparation takes time.
Preparation Tell students that they are going to become detectives for a day.
Preparation There are as many different makes and models of computers as there are houses.
Preparation There are extensive preparations before each burn.
Preparation Thoroughly wash and scrub all mud and debris from the shells.
Preparation Trim the bases, then clean the caps with a damp paper towel or soft brush.
Preparation Trim the stalks to the point where they join the bulb.
Preparation Try to work with elementary school-aged children in as many settings as possible.
Preparation typically requires at least six weeks of intensive training.
Preparation Use any good quality and weight of bond paper.
Preparation Use any good quality of paper.
Preparation Use the scissors to cut straight across the top of the tea bag, just under staple.
Preparation varies from place to place and also depends on the principal ingredient.
Preparation varies with the food type.
Preparation Watch the progress of preparing the specimen for diagnosis and interpretation.
Preparation Wear loose-fitting clothes or no clothes at all.
Preparation When planting a new lawn, the key is preparation, preparation, and more preparation.
Preparation wins lawsuits, and at trial, there's no room for compromise.
Preparation works in schools, Universities and other educational and cultural organizations.
Preparation Write out a simple menu.
Preparations are almost complete for the installation of several major national systems.
Preparations are already under way for next year's event.
Preparations are already underway for next year's Midsummer Night's Run.
Preparations are already underway tonight.
Preparations are already well under way.
Preparations are already well underway, and there are a lot of specific details available.
Preparations are also in the works to allow users to search publications by keyword or author.
Preparations are also in work for main engine installation late next week.
Preparations are also under way for a new capital campaign.
Preparations are also under way in Russia for the actual destruction of chemical weapons.
Preparations are also under way to host a major international satellite uplink.
Preparations are also underway to install the forward reaction control system next week.
Preparations are also underway to remove the right hand orbital maneuvering system pod next week.
Preparations are also underway to secure the payload bay doors for closing next week.
Preparations are always harder than traveling.
Preparations are at the preliminary stage.
Preparations are available for oral, rectal and intravenous administration.
Preparations are available to prevent spoilage.
Preparations are commercially available in the United States in health food stores and online.
Preparations are complete.
Preparations are currently under way for the election to take place as scheduled.
Preparations are currently under way to extend the existing seismic network even further.
Preparations are currently underway for a dedication ceremony to be held in the fall.
Preparations are currently underway for a dedication ceremony to be held in the spring.
Preparations are definitely underway for next year.
Preparations are in full flow.
Preparations are in full swing to televise the event to two billion viewers around the world.
Preparations are in progress for a gala event.
Preparations are in progress to annex the site into the city limits.
Preparations are in work for main engine installation tomorrow.
Preparations are in work for main propulsion system tests.
Preparations are in work for payload bay door closure scheduled to occur next week.
Preparations are in work for radiator and payload bay door inspections.
Preparations are in work for radiator functional tests scheduled to begin tonight.
Preparations are in work for removal of the orbiter s forward reaction control system tonight.
Preparations are in work for removal of the simulated orbiter maneuvering system pods.
Preparations are in work to drain the orbiter maneuvering system line valves of residual reactants.
Preparations are in work to install the main engines early next week.
Preparations are in work to install the main engines next week.
Preparations are in work to install the space shuttle main engines today.
Preparations are in work to open the payload bay doors tomorrow.
Preparations are in work to remove the left orbital maneuvering engine next week.
Preparations are in work to remove the main engines next week.
Preparations are in work to remove the orbiter's body flap for routine corrosion repair.
Preparations are in work to secure the orbiter for the holidays.
Preparations are in work today to remove the main engines next week.
Preparations are intensely underway.
Preparations are now in full swing.
Preparations are now in work to install the payload next week.
Preparations are now steadily underway.
Preparations are now under way for a Washington commute.
Preparations are now under way.
Preparations are now underway to ensure their readiness and continued reliability for next season.
Preparations are now underway to minimize effects on other uses.
Preparations are now underway.
Preparations are presently in progress for the next patients.
Preparations are pretty much over.
Preparations are sketchy.
Preparations are sophisticated without being pretentious.
Preparations are still ongoing concerning the State Aid Scoreboard.
Preparations are therefore already in progress.
Preparations are under way and the first circular has already been widely distributed.
Preparations are under way and wine donations from private collectors are actively being sought.
Preparations are under way for a second world summit ten years after the one in Rio.
Preparations are under way for a third training course.
Preparations are under way for celebrations around the world.
Preparations are under way for launching the company on the stock market.
Preparations are under way for next year.
Preparations are under way for orbiter power system validations tomorrow.
Preparations are under way for six more kilns and a second afterburner.
Preparations are under way for tomorrow night's payload bay door closure.
Preparations are under way for tomorrow's helium signature leak test.
Preparations are under way to become an official campus organization.
Preparations are under way to declare the Great Fortress a monument of national culture.
Preparations are under way to dewater the dam's foundation.
Preparations are under way to open the payload bay doors.
Preparations are under way to produce new specialties for medical products.
Preparations are under way.
Preparations are underway for a fresh increase in prices, especially in regards to wheat and diesel.
Preparations are underway for a training program for volunteer brigades.
Preparations are underway for another summer of undergraduate research.
Preparations are underway for departure.
Preparations are underway for it to open for the season.
Preparations are underway for main engine removal, currently scheduled for tomorrow.
Preparations are underway for our tenth anniversary season.
Preparations are underway for payload bay door closure set to occur tomorrow.
Preparations are underway for site visit of reaffirmation committee.
Preparations are underway for that arrival.
Preparations are underway for the annual NCS Art Show .
Preparations are underway for the establishment of an additional camp for any new arrivals.
Preparations are underway for the installation of the three main engines next week.
Preparations are underway for the publication of the conference proceedings.
Preparations are underway for two additional training workshops.
Preparations are underway here at the Farm for another gardening season.
Preparations are underway in the Sarajevo museum for the first post-war exhibition.
Preparations are underway to begin a process to fill existing police officer vacancies.
Preparations are underway to fit the timber decking to the sponsons.
Preparations are underway to get our broadcasts out to the whole community.
Preparations are underway to have the two water pumping plants installed.
Preparations are underway to install the remote manipulator system next week.
Preparations are underway to install the six reciprocating engines.
Preparations are underway to lift the north end four inches.
Preparations are underway to provide temporary housing for displaced residents.
Preparations are underway to receive the Edgar Collection.
Preparations are underway to remove the forward reaction control system and the main engines.
Preparations are underway to remove the tunnel adapter from the payload bay.
Preparations are underway.
Preparations are well behind schedule and it has to be postponed.
Preparations are well in hand.
Preparations are well under way for the big day.
Preparations are well under way.
Preparations are well underway for the Workshop.
Preparations are well underway.
Preparations begin days before the dinner, then pick up steam that weekend.
Preparations begin for an in-depth fact finding session in Thailand.
Preparations begin for the next morning s breakfast.
Preparations begin in earnest and take five years.
Preparations begin long before the appointed day.
Preparations begin So much has happened here since the fall newsletter was written.
Preparations begin to bring the gangplank in.
Preparations begin weeks in advance.
Preparations Call or check the college viewbook to find the school's policy on interviews.
Preparations can attack stretch marks, combat cellulite, or improve circulation.
Preparations can be a lot of work and very expensive.
Preparations can be fairly elaborate, but they remain solidly rooted in the realm of comfort.
Preparations can occur in the evening.
Preparations can save our loved ones.
Preparations Clean the chicken, bind the wings and legs to the body.
Preparations Click on book titles below to see the word lists.
Preparations contain sodium carbonate.
Preparations containing iron are especially dangerous for children.
Preparations containing lidocaine and pramoxine are least likely to cause allergic skin reactions.
Preparations containing peppermint are very refreshing for feet.
Preparations containing pyrethrum or synthetic pyrethroids are safe.
Preparations containing silver are incompatible with sulfacetamide sodium.
Preparations continue for climate change conference.
Preparations continue for installation of the reaction control system pods.
Preparations continue for installing the remote manipulator system tomorrow.
Preparations continue for main engine removal today and tomorrow.
Preparations continue for the loading of hypergolic fuel.
Preparations continue for the payload premate test.
Preparations continue for thruster drying and flight cap removal.
Preparations continue in the offseason.
Preparations continue to bring in a boom crane.
Preparations continue to provide temporary housing for displaced residents.
Preparations continue to ready the lab for sample processing.
Preparations continue to remove and replace six thrusters on the orbiter s reaction control system.
Preparations Count out answer sheets for groups of students.
Preparations go on all night.
Preparations have a strong smell and can stain clothing and irritate the skin.
Preparations here are well in hand.
Preparations Lay out the main island in accordance with the basic set rules.
Preparations made from the fresh root are much more powerful.
Preparations Preparing a congregation for multiple services is critical.
Preparations proceed for Caribbean Coast elections.
Preparations Put a tube to the inlet.
Preparations require only low kitchen tech.
Preparations start months in advance.
Preparations tend to be simple and focused on the raw fruit.
Preparation's the key.
Preparations Trim surface of fat from brisket.
Preparations vary in dosage.
Preparation frequently has to be done at home due to pressures of work.
Preparation usually begins many weeks before actual testing.
Preparation usually begins with the removal of existing vegetation the year before planting.
Preparation usually consists of the placement of grass matting, lowering device and canopy.
Preparation usually is required.
Preparation usually takes about two months.
All preparation is drudgery.
All preparations are complete to see An Post through the transition period.
All preparations are now complete.
All preparations are now near completion for announcement and commencement of the project.
Any preparation is appropriate for tuna, especially searing, grilling or broiling.
Many preparations are available.
More preparation is needed before the campaign is launched.
Most preparation affects results.
Most preparation enhances performance.
Most preparation helps problems.
Most preparation helps weed problems.
Most preparation improves accuracy.
Most preparation includes distribution.
Most preparation leads to development.
Most preparation presents problems.
Most preparation requires guidance.
Most preparation requires use.
Most preparation shows effects.
Most preparations are prescription only medicines, but some can be obtained without a prescription.
Most preparations use sesame oil.
Much preparation goes into an excellent resume.
Much preparation goes into readying the sites for work.
Much preparation is needed before they can move forward.
Much preparation is needed for such a ministry.
Some preparation contains acid.
Some preparation contains oil.
Some preparation contains peppermint oil.
Some preparation contains plants.
Some preparation contains rosemary oil.
Some preparation harms gopher tortoises.
Some preparation has adverse effects.
Some preparation has effects.
Some preparation helps friends.
Some preparation includes vinegar.
Some preparation includes warmth.
Some preparation involves surfaces.
Some preparation is involved.
Some preparation is necessary in order to use disconnected mode.
Some preparation is needed even for an even relatively unlikely event like an earthquake.
Some preparation is needed to keep food from deteriorating even when it's frozen.
Some preparation is needed.
Some preparation is required before images can be overlayed as red and green channels.
Some preparation is required by the inspector before going out into the workplace.
Some preparation is required.
Some preparation requires addition.
Some preparation reveals cysts.
Some preparation saves countless life.
Some preparation saves life.
Some preparations are a little on the fussy side, but the flavors are bold and satisfying.
Some preparations are prescription only medicines.
Some preparations contain phenylalanine .
Some preparations employ organometallic reagents.
Some preparations have an antacid-type buffer to assist in the reduction of gastric irritation.
Some preparations require a course of treatment lasting several weeks.
Some preparations require multiple hand washings, special clothing or other forms of protection.
Some preparations start the day before the procedure.
Preparations time varies, mainly depending on a student's aptitude.
Preparative reactions contain more DNA in a larger volume.
Preparative regimens vary with protocol.
Preparative Steps Get the newest kernel patch, apply and build the kernel and the modules.
Preparatory advance reading assignments address human anatomy and how to take a medical history.
Preparatory courses are available to prepare students for academic studies.
Preparatory courses offered by private sources for a fee are also available.
Preparatory depression is related to the impeding loss, the death of the individual.
Preparatory depression is related to the impending loss, or the death of the individual.
Preparatory depression takes into account impending losses.
Some preparatory exercises are again helpful.
Preparatory faculty determine each student s sequence of courses and determine placement.
Preparatory grief refers to going through the stages of grief before a loss event occurs.
Preparatory information is released on orsig prior to meetings.
Preparatory instruction is a great help to any student.
Preparatory maneuvers are necessary.
Preparatory material is distributed in advance.
Preparatory materials are available.
Preparatory materials describing the performance are available for teachers.
All preparatory materials remain the property of m.c.
Preparatory reading is essential throughout the course.
A preparatory school is a secondary school
Preparatory schools abound as parents pack their darlings off.
Preparatory training is available immediately in selected areas.
Preparatory training is available in vocational institutions and in apprenticeship training.
Preparatory training is required prior to commissioning.
Preparatory work can be quite helpful.
Preparatory work continues on the site planning, topographical survey, parking lot, etc.
Preparatory work includes excavation and grading.
Preparatory work Indicate the name of the project leader nominated by the proposer.
Preparatory work is aimed at relating mastery of the fundamental principles to personal values.
Preparatory work is set for the oral conversation hour.
Preparatory work is under the supervision of a tutor.
Much preparatory work is done independently.
Much preparatory work is in progress in Kandy town.
Some preparatory work is necessary.
Preparatory workshops are available to interested students.
Prepare bacteria concentrate from receiving waters.
Prepare competitor analyses.
Prepare food contains starches.
Prepared aloe is sold as a juice.
Prepared antivenins are the only known antidote for snakebites.
Prepared attendance is required.
Prepared baits work like cheese bait work, too, especially later in the summer.
Prepared candidates receive positive responses from employers.
Prepared case reports on clients.
Prepared children are happier children.
Prepared department reports, course schedules, catalogs, and pay vouchers.
Prepared events are original speeches with a ten minute maximum time limit.
Prepared families know what to do.
Prepared food combines good nutrition with convenience to meet the needs of all consumers.
Prepared food is accepted.
Prepared food is expensive.
Prepared food is so expensive.
Prepared food tends to cost alot.
Prepared foods are a different story.
Prepared foods are fine.
Prepared foods are high in salt.
Prepared foods cost a little more, but make life simpler.
Prepared foods reduce labor.
Many prepared foods contain aspartame which is also available as a tabletop sweetener.
Many prepared foods contain fish in some form.
Most prepared foods contain a lot of sodium.
Most prepared foods contain dairy products such as powdered milk, cheese or whey.
Prepared herbs can even relieve stiff necks and back pain, and can help combat some viruses.
Prepared horseradish is paired with tangy sour cream and chives, and the sauce does double duty.
Prepared horseradish is white to creamy-beige in colour .
Prepared horseradish is white to creamy-beige in colour.
Many prepared items contain hidden fats.
Prepared kits are available for purchase.
Prepared manuals work well for the students.
Prepared material needed for auditions varies with with show and director.
Prepared meals are also available for lunch and dinner if desired.
Prepared meals are available at anytime.
Prepared meals are available.
Prepared meals are often house favorites which grow in number over the years.
Prepared meals tend to be expensive although they're handy to have in the freezer for an emergency.
Prepared monologues are optional, and dramatic classical pieces are preferred.
Prepared mustard is sold in glass jars, plastic bottles, or metal squeeze tubes.
Prepared nectar is available at stores.
Prepared neighborhoods know what to do.
Prepared opium includes dross and all other residues remaining when opium has been smoked.
Prepared overheads are very effective visual aids when they are designed and used properly.
Prepared people lose too.
Prepared players are happier, safer players and benefit the most from what our club has to offer.
Prepared pumpkin is easy to freeze for future use in freezer bags.
Prepared salad is a big item in supermarkets.
Prepared Slides Fri.
Prepared speeches are available for many events.
Prepared statements precede planned motions and predictable votes.
Prepared students are the norm in college.
Prepared students can complete the program in one year of full-time study.
Prepared students can learn to their capabilities without requiring excessive teacher involvement.
Prepared teachers can make a significant impact on the health of our school children.
Prepared tenants can protect themselves.
Prepared tests make it easy to gauge progress.
Prepared text is available here.
Prepared texts provide practice in reading the characters.
Prepared time estimates on projects.
Many prepared utilities are available from the menus.
Prepared wasabi is also available in small tubes.
Prepared water is stored in five gallon bottled water containers with lids.
Prepared waters are all other types of bottled water.
Prepared willow is velvety to the touch and has no greasiness.
Prepared willow sewing splints, as well as jute, ensure completion of a basket.
Preparedness can determine the severity of damages and the efficiency of emergency response.
Preparedness can make all the difference.
Preparedness can mitigate lightning consequences.
Preparedness comes at all levels.
Preparedness costs money, but in a pinch, lack of preparedness costs much more.
Preparedness demands that all written and reading assignments are completed according to schedule .
Preparedness determines success.
Preparedness enhances the success in decreasing depredation.
Preparedness everywhere means lack everywhere.
Preparedness involves careful planning.
Preparedness involves many hours of preparing, or getting ready for the big event.
Preparedness is a state
Preparedness is at the forefront.
Preparedness is critical.
Preparedness is down.
Preparedness is essential to a quick and necessary response.
Preparedness is evaluated through both written and oral examinations and apprentice tours.
Preparedness is everyone's job.
Preparedness is for the wise and aware.
Preparedness is necssary.
Preparedness is next to godliness.
Preparedness is one of the most important aspects of interviewing.
Preparedness is our only defence.
Preparedness is pretty much the same for all disasters.
Preparedness is the name of the game with referrals.
Preparedness is very important.
Preparedness leads to a good outcome.
Preparedness means developing integrated response plans based on expertise, planning and teamwork.
Preparedness needs to be embedded in a longer-term involvement.
Preparedness prevents accidents.
Preparedness saves lives and money.
Prepatellar bursitis presents with dome-shaped swelling over the anterior aspect of the knee.
Prepayment meters ensure that SEBs collect the proper revenue for the electricity that they provide.
Prepayment penalties apply to some loans.
Prepayment penalties are a rarity in the prime loan market.
Prepayment penalties are mandates.
Prepayment penalties Ask if there are any loan prepayment penalties.
Prepayment penalties can be another foul-up.
Prepayment penalties can be another trip-up.
Prepayment penalties present another tough issue.
Prepayment adds to our administrative costs.
Prepayment consists of a credit card, check, or money order.
Prepayment depends on publication.
Prepayment guarantees the best rates.
Prepayment holds spot.
Prepayment includes free shipping and handling.
Prepayment is a payment
Prepayment is a red flag.
Prepayment is accepted by cashiers check or money order.
Prepayment is accepted by personal check, money order or credit card.
Prepayment is accepted.
Prepayment is an investment decision.
Prepayment is appreciated.
Prepayment is by cashier's check or money order.
Prepayment is by either check or credit card.
Prepayment is due by closing date.
Prepayment is due by the second meeting.
Prepayment is encouraged.
Prepayment is mandatory on first order.
Prepayment is necessary for all orders.
Prepayment is necessary for all other items and services.
Prepayment is necessary on all first orders.
Prepayment is necessary.
Prepayment is needed for shipment.
Prepayment is needed.
Prepayment is non-refundable.
Prepayment is optional, and usually a discount is given for early payment in full.
Prepayment is payments.
Prepayment is permitted.
Prepayment is preferred .
Prepayment is preferred for all orders and is required for personal orders.
Prepayment is preferred on all listings.
Prepayment is preferred, but invoices can be issued upon request.
Prepayment is preferred.
Prepayment is requested on all orders.
Prepayment is requested with publication and audiovisual orders.
Prepayment is requested.
Prepayment is required .
Prepayment is required and class size is limited.
Prepayment is required and is non-refundable.
Prepayment is required at all times.
Prepayment is required at least two weeks in advance of the actual workshop.
Prepayment is required at the time the order is placed.
Prepayment is required based upon costs supplied to licensee.
Prepayment is required before book is mail.
Prepayment is required before book is mailed.
Prepayment is required before first insertion and upon renewal.
Prepayment is required before subscription is started.
Prepayment is required by check or credit card.
Prepayment is required by check, money order or credit card.
Prepayment is required by credit card, check, money order, or cashiers check.
Prepayment is required for all ads.
Prepayment is required for all advertising insertions.
Prepayment is required for all fees.
Prepayment is required for all first-time ads, covering ad space, design and production charges.
Prepayment is required for all first-time renters.
Prepayment is required for all international and airmail orders.
Prepayment is required for all international orders.
Prepayment is required for all items ordered.
Prepayment is required for all non-account customers.
Prepayment is required for all of the following services.
Prepayment is required for ALL orders outside the continental United States.
Prepayment is required for all orders which originate outside the USA .
Prepayment is required for all orders, except where prior application for credit has been approved.
Prepayment is required for all orders.
Prepayment is required for all photocopy orders.
Prepayment is required for all products.
Prepayment is required for all research service.
Prepayment is required for all services.
Prepayment is required for all subscriptions, singleissues, proceedings and individual papers.
Prepayment is required for bank histories and certifications.
Prepayment is required for both subscriptions and single copies.
Prepayment is required for certified copies.
Prepayment is required for first time customers.
Prepayment is required for first-time advertisers.
Prepayment is required for for all orders.
Prepayment is required for for all subscriptions.
Prepayment is required for individual and new accounts.
Prepayment is required for individuals.
Prepayment is required for international orders.
Prepayment is required for mail and telephone orders.
Prepayment is required for mail orders.
Prepayment is required for mail requests.
Prepayment is required for new advertisers.
Prepayment is required for new orders.
Prepayment is required for non-Canadian accounts.
Prepayment is required for orders of three or less books.
Prepayment is required for overseas accounts.
Prepayment is required for overseas requests.
Prepayment is required for overseas shipment by international money orders or wire transfers.
Prepayment is required for purchases of five or more books.
Prepayment is required for registration confirmation.
Prepayment is required for registration.
Prepayment is required for reservations.
Prepayment is required for resume access.
Prepayment is required for special orders.
Prepayment is required for the slide presentation.
Prepayment is required from all individuals.
Prepayment is required from all other countries based on the current currency exchange.
Prepayment is required from all others .
Prepayment is required from individuals and for textbook orders.
Prepayment is required from individuals.
Prepayment is required in full.
Prepayment is required in U.S. dollars drawn on a U.S.-affiliated bank.
Prepayment is required in U.S. funds for all orders.
Prepayment is required of all new advertisers.
Prepayment is required of first time advertisers.
Prepayment is required on all ads .
Prepayment is required on all custom imprinted orders.
Prepayment is required on all first-time orders.
Prepayment is required on all foreign orders.
Prepayment is required on all foreign purchases.
Prepayment is required on all historical orders.
Prepayment is required on all international orders.
Prepayment is required on all International orders.
Prepayment is required on all items.
Prepayment is required on all jobs.
Prepayment is required on all list orders.
Prepayment is required on all new accounts.
Prepayment is required on all orders for reproductions.
Prepayment is required on all orders, and no discounts are given.
Prepayment is required on all orders.
Prepayment is required on both article reprints and back issues.
Prepayment is required on individual orders.
Prepayment is required on most evening cruises, special events and lighthouse cruises.
Prepayment is required on orders for reports and individual back issues.
Prepayment is required prior to printing, no exceptions.
Prepayment is required prior to shipping.
Prepayment is required to be enrolled in all other seminars.
Prepayment is required to confirm reservations.
Prepayment is required to guarantee a class reservation.
Prepayment is required to guarantee the on-site course delivery.
Prepayment is required to order a script.
Prepayment is required to reserve a seat.
Prepayment is required to reserve space.
Prepayment is required to reserve the program.
Prepayment is required to secure a space.
Prepayment is required two weeks in advance.
Prepayment is required two weeks prior to performance.
Prepayment is required unless credit has been established.
Prepayment is required until credit established.
Prepayment is required until relationship is built.
Prepayment is required when ordering documents by mail.
Prepayment is required with all orders.
Prepayment is required with copy submission.
Prepayment is required with order.
Prepayment is required, there are no returns, credits, refunds, or exchanges once the torch starts.
Prepayment is required.
Prepayment is Required.
Prepayment is the normal method for direct international orders.
Prepayment is the only way to reserve a space at the workshop.
Prepayment means paying off all or part of the mortgage loan before it is due.
Prepayments are amounts paid in advance for services.
Prepayments are non-refundable.
Prepayments tend to increase during periods of declining interest rates.
Prepayments often yield inter- est for customers.
Prepayments often yield interest for customers.
Any prepayments made in excess of deposit on trip are fully refundable.
Prepeeled fruit is ideal for school lunch programs and restaurants.
Preplanned smoke is planned in greater detail.
Preplant treatment is for prevention only.
Preplated meals save time and space in the facility.
A preposition is a word
Prepositions accompany the verb where appropriate.
Prepositions are also important for many patterns because they often identify role relationships.
Prepositions are function words.
Prepositions are grammatical glue that express relations between a noun and something else.
Prepositions are important little words and can certainly change the meaning of a phrase.
Prepositions are important little words.
Prepositions are important words.
Prepositions are metaphors.
Prepositions are parts of speech.
Prepositions are places.
Prepositions are terrible words to end sentences with.
Prepositions are the little tags which fit the slots.
Prepositions are the words that indicate location.
Prepositions are usually little words that indicate direction, position, location, and so forth.
Prepositions become nouns, nouns become verbs, and conjunctions and suffixes just disappear.
Prepositions behave in the same way.
Prepositions can also show location in time.
Prepositions can be more than one word.
Prepositions Choose the correct preposition for a sentence.
Prepositions Click on the correct answer.
Prepositions Click the answer button to see the answer.
Prepositions Complete a text on rabies with the correct prepositions.
Prepositions Complete an abstract on measles in Africa with the correct prepositions.
Prepositions Complete the following text by filling in the blanks with the appropriate preposition.
Prepositions connect nouns or pronouns to the rest of the sentence.
Prepositions generally introduce prepositional phrases.
Prepositions give specific information.
Prepositions Identifies the prepositions in a document.
Prepositions show relationships between nouns or pronouns and other words in a sentence.
Prepositions show relationships between objects and ideas in a sentence.
Prepositions use the ablative, genitive, locative, instrumental, accusitive, and dative cases.
Prepositions always start prepositional phrases.
Prepositions usually have a wide range of meanings.
All prepositions consist of a single consonant followed by an ending.
All prepositions end in -o .
All prepositions govern the nominative.
All prepositions take the nominative case.
Most prepositions locate an object in time or space.
Most prepositions take either one or two cases.
Most prepositions tell where or when, or show possession.
Some prepositions also function as subordinate conjunctions .
Some prepositions also function as subordinate conjunctions.
Some prepositions are likely to occur in the same sentence.
Some prepositions consistently take only one case.
Some prepositions even consist of two or more words.
Some prepositions require that the noun be in the genitive case.
Some prepositions require their object to be in the Dative Case .
A prepositional phrase is a phrase
Prepositional phrases are either adjectives or adverbs.
Prepositional phrases are fine things that no writer can do without.
Prepositional phrases are phrases.
Prepositional phrases can function as adjectives or adverbs.
Prepositional phrases conclude with an object, a noun or a pronoun.
Prepositional phrases modify nouns and verbs.
Some prepositional phrases are adverbial.
Preposterous pandemonium prevails.
Preposterous statements pass without comment.
Preppy garb seems more prevalent than grunge.
PrePress experience is a plus.
Many prepress workers learn their skills on the job.
Some prepress workers gain their skills through apprenticeships.
Preprint versions are available for published papers.
Preprinted cards are a low cost alternative to custom cards.
Preprinted cards are acceptable, but nothing takes the place of a handwritten expression of thanks.
Preprinted cards are fine if a custom handwritten message is included with the sender's signature.
Preprinted charts are much easier and more efficient to use.
Preprinted data is limited to certain areas of the form.
Preprinted forms are also available by mail for a small charge.
Preprinted forms are very expensive.
Preprinted invoices are available.
Preprinted labels are also available.
Preprinted labels are an easy way to improve micro assay plate management.
Preprinted labels are an easy way to improve sample management.
Preprinted labels are an easy way to improve study and sample management.
Preprinted orders are a form of protocol that ensures standard usage.
Preprinted packages are also available.
Preprinted templates are available at some libraries.
Preprocessed files are useful for checking macros and preprocessor directives.
Every preprocessing name forms a valid C token.
Preprofessional courses are available in dentistry, law, and medicine.
Some preprofessional courses fulfill general education requirements.
Preprofessional preparation is also available.
Preprofessional programs are available in the sciences allied with biology and medicine.
Preprofessional requirements vary for particular physical therapy programs in Texas.
Preprogrammed music includes Softly, as in a Morning Sunrise and Sunset and Evening Star .
Prepuberal gilts are the most sensitive to zearalenone.
Prepubertal acne occurs, although uncommonly.
Prepubertal castration prevents subsequent development of nodular hyperplasia.
Prepubertal children are most at risk from the substances.
Prepubertal children can develop eating disorders.
Prepunched holes make fixing fast.
Prepunched paper is much more expensive.
Prequalified buyers have significant advantages over other buyers.
Prequark model gives much more detailed and clear picture.
Prerequisite analysis focuses on how the events are connected logically.
Prerequisite background is a basic working knowledge of statistical methods.
Prerequisite courses are also available.
Prerequisite courses are in addition to the masters program of study.
Prerequisite courses are subject to review each year.
Prerequisite courses carry no graduate credit.
Prerequisite Courses Click on course number for a description of the course.
Prerequisite courses depend on internship.
Prerequisite courses fill up quickly.
Prerequisite courses vary with the major.
All prerequisite courses are available thorough distance learning.
All prerequisite courses are the students' responsibility.
Prerequisite coursework is accepted only with a grade of C or better.
Prerequisite coursework is required.
Prerequisite information follows course descriptions in parentheses.
Prerequisite information is noted with the course descriptions on our web sites.
Prerequisite knowledge consists primarily of calculus and probability theory.
Prerequisite requirements are also the same.
Prerequisite skill is the ability to swim comfortably in deep water.
Prerequisite skills are usually minimal.
Prerequisite statistics courses.
All prerequisite training is enforced.
Prerequsite training includes a minimum of one years attendence at a studio as a pilates client.
Prerough surfaces look atomically rough, but remain macroscopically faceted.
Preround swings are all about finding a comfortable tempo and balance.
Presacral neurectomy is a procedure that has been around for several years.
A presbyope is a person
Presbyopes require careful counseling regarding their refractive surgery options.
Many presbyopes prefer no-line bifocals, or progressive lenses.
A presbyopia is disability
Presbyopia affecting eyesight impacts millions of boomers .
Presbyopia erodes visual acuity, depth perception, and color contrast.
Presbyopia necessitates the use of bifocals or trifocals.
Presbyopias are diseases.
Presbyopias are hyperopia.
Presbyopic persons complain of blurring of text specially after some time.
A presbyter is an elder
Presbyters listen intently after a good dinner.
Presbyterian churches are on record supporting gun control, as are other churches.
Presbyterian Churches Select the state and get a list of congregations.
Presbyterian churches tend to be small.
Some Presbyterian churches have women as elders .
Some Presbyterian churches have women as elders.
Some Presbyterian denominations call their ministers teaching elders .
Presbyterian men meet monthly for breakfast.
Presbyterian ministers retire to.
Presbyterian reaction is also varied.
Presbyterian realism sees our lives oscillating between forgiveness and thanksgiving.
Presbyterian worship is simple and orderly.
A presbytery is a building
Presbyteries also have limitations.
Presbyteries are buildings.
Presbyteries are part of churchs.
Presbyteries are responsible for the mission and governance of the church.
Presbytery approves interim contract.
Presbytery is large and meeting very interesting.
Presbytery meets eight times annually, rotating meeting locations among the member churches.
Presbytery meets tonight in our church.
Presbytery pays for the additional cost for the bus.
Presbytery receives and enrolls as candidate.
Every presbytery has a different process.
All preschool children are welcome when accompanied by a parent or caregiver.
All preschool children are welcome.
All preschool children have to get along with other kids.
Many preschool children dislike milk altogether, and consume less than one cup a day.
All preschool classes are a half hour in duration.
All preschool classrooms are spacious, bright, and cheerful.
Preschool curriculum is introduced and children enjoy learning.
Preschool education is a challenging venture, never boring and always different everytime.
Preschool education is described as a vital area for development.
Preschool enrollment is ongoing.
Most preschool kids can do that.
Preschool kits are available for children in playschools and daycares.
Many preschool programs recommend slow entry for new children.
Preschool teachers are often masters of the art of disciplining a child.
Preschool teachers are used for young children.
Preschool teachers get to fingerpaint, play and sing with the young ones all day long.
Preschool teachers groan inwardly.
Preschool teachers receive training and consultation.
Preschool teachers teach concepts in numbers, the alphabet, and colors.
Preschool teachers work with children in kindergarten.
Every preschool teacher knows that singing can organize a chaotic roomful of children.
Many preschool teachers have shapes or symbols on the floor for lining up.
Most preschool workers perform a combination of basic care and teaching duties.
Preschool years are important to prepare children for success in school or adult life.
Preschool becomes particularly valuable for children when they are in a threes program.
Preschool can be a traumatic experience for any child.
Preschool can help children in other ways as well.
Preschool can provide such preparation.
Preschool focuses on conservation.
Preschool is an educational institution
Preschool is educational institutions.
Preschool is free for families meeting income guidelines or secondary risk factors.
Preschool is more difficult now.
Preschool meets monthly at the same location.
Preschool plans rummage sale.
Preschool provides activities that prepare children for kindergarten.
Preschool touches so many lives and really makes a difference to our children and their families.
Preschools accept children between the ages of two and five years.
Preschools are also available in the area.
Preschools can be wonderful places for children.
Preschools have half-time nurses.
Preschools usually provide part-time group programs.
Preschools usually schedule nap time after lunch.
Many preschools also have a requirement that the child is potty trained prior to enrollment.
Many preschools are in churches.
Many preschools have large classes with rigid time frames and lots of group activities.
Many preschools require minimal education and training of their teachers.
Most preschools require their students to be potty trained before enrollment.
Some preschools have an academic focus while others prefer learning through play.
Some preschools introduce children to sign language as a regular part of their curriculum.
Some preschools provide transportation within a limited area nearby the school.
A preschooler is a child
Preschoolers also are capable of measuring ingredients, with a little help.
Preschoolers also are quite independent.
Preschoolers also discover writing as a tool for everyday life.
Preschoolers also enjoy misting their plants.
Preschoolers also learn to identify primary colors and arrange colors according to shade.
Preschoolers also notice that people have different physical and mental abilities.
Preschoolers also welcome if accompanied by an adult.
Preschoolers are another story.
Preschoolers are at the greatest risk of injury from falls.
Preschoolers are at the greatest risk.
Preschoolers are at the perfect age to start learning about fire safety .
Preschoolers are better able to understand what is happening.
Preschoolers are children.
Preschoolers are curious, too.
Preschoolers are emotionally unpredictable and have difficulty dividing their attention.
Preschoolers are energetic and active.
Preschoolers are especially challenging.
Preschoolers are great imitators.
Preschoolers are in training choirs.
Preschoolers are incredibly intuitive about icons for navigation.
Preschoolers are less likely to throw tantrums.
Preschoolers are like chameleons.
Preschoolers are more likely to learn to love books if they are read to.
Preschoolers are more tech savvy than their parents.
Preschoolers are never safe unattended.
Preschoolers are notorious climbers.
Preschoolers are so full of imagination and energy.
Preschoolers are susceptible to burns on metal equipment in hot weather.
Preschoolers are the masters of make-believe.
Preschoolers are the most fascinating people to watch.
Preschoolers are unable to clearly distinguish between reality and fantasy.
Preschoolers are welcome to bring a parent or grandparent.
Preschoolers are welcome.
Preschoolers assume that good behavior gets rewarded and bad behavior gets punished.
Preschoolers attend a licensed, on-site day care center with bilingual staff.
Preschoolers attend free.
Preschoolers attend with parents.
Preschoolers begin to learn healthy sexual attitudes and beliefs as well as respect for others.
Preschoolers believe they cause the abuse, as their cognitive development centers around themselves.
Preschoolers can attend storytime independently or with a caregiver.
Preschoolers can be relentless in their demand for attention.
Preschoolers can brush their own teeth and prepare for rest.
Preschoolers can comprehend more complex grammar than they are able to produce.
Preschoolers can crawl over, under or through, see-saw or rock.
Preschoolers can discover how aquatic animals use camouflage.
Preschoolers can enjoy a fun-filled week based on creative and thematic play.
Preschoolers can enjoy a sand-digging area, large climbing toys and a tire swing.
Preschoolers can enjoy the interactive storybook as much as a fifth-grader.
Preschoolers can explore creepy-crawlies, take a jungle journey or discover animal noises.
Preschoolers can gather around for stories, poems, and crafts celebrating the season.
Preschoolers can handle more sophisticated stories.
Preschoolers can handle one or two simple daily jobs.
Preschoolers can handle one or two simple jobs.
Preschoolers can have their pictures taken if parents contact out office.
Preschoolers can hear a delightful tale and practice telephone skills on a regular basis.
Preschoolers can learn all about art or science in our workshop mini-series.
Preschoolers can make all kinds of sculptures and structures.
Preschoolers can manifest depression in the same ways as older children.
Preschoolers can often entertain themselves, at least for a while, with books or paper and crayons.
Preschoolers can pray for missions and experience the blessing of answered prayer.
Preschoolers can rhyme and play with words and sounds.
Preschoolers can romp through fountains.
Preschoolers can set the table, help to prepare the meal, and help clean up.
Preschoolers can sort cards by color and type, and they can practice with numbers.
Preschoolers can successfully use headlines, ads, pictures and comic strips.
Preschoolers can surf the web easily using a picture dictionary.
Preschoolers carry home bright-red canvas bags filled with quality children s books.
Preschoolers carry home bright-red canvas bags filled with quality children's books.
Preschoolers catch the beat.
Preschoolers choose friends based on who they see regularly.
Preschoolers color online, memory games, music .
Preschoolers deserve teachers who are concerned about building spiritual foundations in their lives.
Preschoolers Develop friendships and skills for playing with other children.
Preschoolers develop their attitudes and values about money within the family setting.
Preschoolers do understand the concept of consistent consequences.
Preschoolers do worship.
Preschoolers enjoy an age-appropriate Bible lesson, crafts, lunch, rest time, play time and friends.
Preschoolers enjoy art experiences.
Preschoolers enjoy being with parents, working with parents.
Preschoolers enjoy Bible stories and related play activities.
Preschoolers enjoy exploring the colorful toys together, at tables or on the carpeted floor.
Preschoolers enjoy interactive Bible stories and song time together.
Preschoolers explore a broader range of movement as they learn to run, jump, climb, and throw.
Preschoolers explore nature using their senses and learn about real and pretend animals.
Preschoolers feel a sense of loss and sorrow.
Preschoolers find love, care, safety and special attention when they attend any of our services.
Preschoolers gain experience in reading comprehension and memory skills.
Preschoolers gain knowledge in word and letter recognition.
Preschoolers gather clues about what's right and wrong by watching our responses to their behavior.
Preschoolers generally are able to make comments and requests and give directions.
Preschoolers generally think they are the greatest, regardless of evidence to the contrary.
Preschoolers get in free.
Preschoolers go on a limited number of field trips.
Preschoolers have an uncanny ability to pick up words all words that they hear.
Preschoolers have difficulty understanding concepts such as time and value.
Preschoolers have erratic eating patterns, often preferring just one or two foods.
Preschoolers have little concrete concept of money.
Preschoolers have longer attention spans and are able to watch short programs.
Preschoolers have support from at least one adult other than their parents.
Preschoolers have to be prepared to enter school.
Preschoolers have widely fluctuating food intakes.
Preschoolers learn about missionaries at a level they can understand.
Preschoolers learn about writing when they see how people use writing every day.
Preschoolers learn best about worshiping in church by observing parents.
Preschoolers learn best in natural situations when Bible truths are taught as they apply to life.
Preschoolers learn by doing, so hands-on activities are most appropriate.
Preschoolers learn from each other and change throughout the preschool years.
Preschoolers learn from their play.
Preschoolers learn that their actions affect other people.
Preschoolers learn the language by being immersed in it.
Preschoolers learn to love language.
Preschoolers learn to resolve conflicts with new social problem-solving skills.
Preschoolers learn values best by stories.
Preschoolers Let preschoolers' reading skills develop at their own pace.
Preschoolers lie for a variety of reasons.
Preschoolers like to do their own writing.
Preschoolers like to do things and make things.
Preschoolers like to look at books on their own.
Preschoolers like to make things with blocks and plastic building pieces.
Preschoolers like to pretend.
Preschoolers like to push the buttons and hear the beeping sound made by some microwave ovens.
Preschoolers like to take walks in all kinds of weather.
Preschoolers love books with repetition, rhyme, and rhythm.
Preschoolers love finger paints, watercolors and markers to name a few.
Preschoolers love learning letters, phonics, numbers, and colors.
Preschoolers love playing with balls too.
Preschoolers love the process, the doing.
Preschoolers love to ask questions.
Preschoolers love to dust.
Preschoolers love to imitate.
Preschoolers love to mimic adult chores and help.
Preschoolers love to play kitchen with replicas of real food to prepare.
Preschoolers love to role play, mimicking what they know and admire.
Preschoolers love to try their hand at making up their own jokes and riddles.
Preschoolers love to watch the same shows over and over again.
Preschoolers meet in preschool area.
Preschoolers mimic what they see their parents doing.
Preschoolers move quickly and they love to climb and explore.
Preschoolers move their focus from self to others.
Preschoolers paint online while picking out the words they can read in their favorite rhymes.
Preschoolers participate in learning centers that help creatively Bible basics.
Preschoolers play house, bake make-believe cookies and drink invisible tea.
Preschoolers receive important foundations for learning, including the joy of reading.
Preschoolers regard the adults in their life as all-powerful.
Preschoolers report misinformation despite accurate memory.
Preschoolers require regular medical and dental checkups and immunizations .
Preschoolers see bunnies in their natural habitat, and in familiar surroundings around the house.
Preschoolers seek out parents for help with difficult tasks or situations.
Preschoolers seem more task oriented when their mothers provide positive support.
Preschoolers seem to attain new milestones almost daily.
Preschoolers show slight regression in speech and cognitive abilities.
Preschoolers sing songs, participate in fingerplays and action poems, and do easy crafts.
Preschoolers ski free.
Preschoolers solve artistic problems when they grip a crayon or marker in their fingers.
Preschoolers spend a lot of time learning how to get along with others.
Preschoolers Stay calm when children act out in highly emotional ways.
Preschoolers still think that death happens only to others.
Preschoolers surf the web easily using a picture dictionary.
Preschoolers tend a separate garden on that end of the campus.
Preschoolers tend to have finicky food habits and to eat only one food at each meal.
Preschoolers think differently than older children and adults.
Preschoolers thrive on predictability.
Preschoolers tour free.
Preschoolers trust their parents.
Preschoolers use up energy quickly.
Preschoolers usually love massage, and they can stay still for a longer period of time.
All preschoolers are welcome.
All preschoolers attend five days a week in either the morning, afternoon, or all day program.
Many preschoolers enjoy staying to have lunch with their classmates after school.
Many preschoolers enjoy using the easel for creating their masterpieces.
Many preschoolers make up songs and, with no self-consciousness, sing to themselves as they play.
More preschoolers learn foreign languages as parents realize benefits.
Most preschoolers are in the prereading stage.
Most preschoolers can handle if done at a leisurely pace.
Most preschoolers eat four to five snacks or meals each day.
Most preschoolers enjoy learning to write their own names.
Most preschoolers experience food jags.
Most preschoolers find straight line letters easier to form.
Most preschoolers know all the names of dinosaurs that most adults can barely pronounce.
Most preschoolers love to help with food preparation.
Most preschoolers prefer regularly scheduled meals and snacks.
Most preschoolers receive care in a home environment.
Some preschoolers develop language skills at a steady rate.
A prescience is mental ability
Prescience is required to harvest all the benefits yet to come.
Prescience means apparent knowledge of things before they happen.
Prescience means foreknowledge to some, foresight to others.
Presciences are capacity.
Prescient traders stand to earn millions.
Prescott students are highly involved in self-study committee work as well.
Prescreened photos are unsuitable.
Many prescribed antibiotics can also affect hearing and cause permanent damage over time.
Prescribed burns are an important tool in forest management.
Prescribed burns are just as the name implies.
Prescribed burns are one way to protect against wildfires.
Prescribed burns create a mosaic of burned and unburned areas.
Prescribed burns help control weedy plants and encourage the growth of the desirable plants.
Prescribed burns require a lot of planning and are only conducted under the appropriate conditions.
Most prescribed burns go off without trouble.
Prescribed coursework is completed via modem connection to NovaNET's online curriculum.
Prescribed fire affects eastern white pine recruitment and survival on eastern Kentucky ridgetops.
Prescribed fire affects female white-tailed deer habitat use during summer lactation.
Prescribed fire can be an important tool for regenerating oak stands.
Prescribed fire differs little from how it has been managed under previous policy.
Prescribed fire has multiple benefits.
Prescribed fire has numerous beneficial effects when carefully and professionally managed.
Prescribed fire has to be learned, even by fire fighting professionals.
Prescribed fire helps to promote herbaceous salt tolerant vegetation.
Prescribed fire is a complex tool.
Prescribed fire is a key vegetation management tool available to park managers.
Prescribed fire is a practical and economical tool in deer management.
Prescribed fire is a proactive management intervention.
Prescribed fire is a scientifically recognized tool for prairie and grassland management.
Prescribed fire is a very useful silvicultural tool.
Prescribed fire is an essential tool in savanna and woodland management.
Prescribed fire is effective in mitigating bison impacts on black-tailed prairie dog colonies.
Prescribed fire is featured.
Prescribed fire is most effective for many management jobs.
Prescribed fire is one of the least expensive methods of site preparation for reforestation.
Prescribed fire is one of the most important tools used to manage fire today.
Prescribed fire is one of the most important tools used today to manage Earth's diverse ecosystems.
Prescribed fire is one way to stimulate forage production on summer and winter range.
Prescribed fire is the most common cultural treatment used to control both.
Prescribed fire is the most used method of fuel hazard reduction.
Prescribed fire is used less frequently.
Prescribed fire is used routinely to creat or enhance elk habitat in many Western states.
Prescribed fire is used to improve range lands for domestic livestock.
Prescribed fire is used to improve wildlife habitat and protect against wildfire outbreaks.
Prescribed fire is used to maintain grassy balds in the southern Appalachian Mountains.
Prescribed fire is used to maintain the diverse vegetative types found in the southeast.
Prescribed fire offers a tool to mitigate potential losses to wildfire.
Prescribed fire removes undergrowth that fuels wildfires.
Prescribed fires are a vital wildlife management tool.
Prescribed fires are acceptable if they are properly managed and confined within prescription.
Prescribed fires are preplanned ignitions, with predetermined boundaries.
Prescribed fires are the easiest and most cost-effective control method for red cedar.
Prescribed fires benefit forest and other vegetative types in many ways.
Prescribed fires can stimulate growth of food and cover plants.
Prescribed fires reduce ground fuels without harming larger trees.
Prescribed fires reduce wildland fire risks and improve wildlife habitat.
Prescribed help is available for students with learning differences and special needs.
Prescribed kennels are available at most airlines for a fee.
Prescribed kennels are available at pet stores and from most airlines.
Prescribed kennels are available from specialist shippers.
Prescribed medication aids alcoholics to return to a life free of dependancy.
Prescribed medication can react dangerously with alcohol, drugs or other illegal substances.
Prescribed medication is useful only when coupled with a behavior modification program.
Prescribed medications are at the student's expense.
Prescribed medications are by far the most prevalent form of treatment for depression.
Prescribed medications are now the fourth leading cause of death in the United States.
Prescribed medications are widely available through chemist stores.
Many prescribed medications can cause mental loss.
Prescribed policy is defined as policy filters in the Route Server.
Prescribed texts are in the short loan collection.
Prescribed textbooks are essential to complete assignments and pass examinations.
Prescribed treatment is treated differently to other medical and dental treatment.
Prescribed treatments are rational even if a deity was responsible for ailment.
Prescribed treatments can include hard lining, rip-rap, or other channel treatments.
Most prescribing pharmacists are in hospitals or managed care organizations.
Prescription bottles make good match safes.
Most prescription bottles look alike-they're usually amber colored with white caps and labels.
Prescription charges are often lower than at local drug stores.
Prescription costs are one of the driving forces.
A prescription drug is medicine
Prescription drug is included with all medical plans.
Prescription drugs are a covered benefit on the Viva Health Plan .
Prescription drugs are a key element in that effort.
Prescription drugs are a major form of treatment.
Prescription drugs are a major reason.
Prescription drugs are a peculiar issue.
Prescription drugs are a whole other story.
Prescription drugs are absolutely the last choice.
Prescription drugs are also a big culprit, especially blood pressure drugs.
Prescription drugs are also available to help prevent and control acne.
Prescription drugs are also widespread.
Prescription drugs are among the big costs of health care.
Prescription drugs are an essential element to health and well-being for many individuals.
Prescription drugs are an expensive component of health care.
Prescription drugs are an incredibly important part of satisfying seniors' needs today.
Prescription drugs are an integral part of modern medicine.
Prescription drugs are an investment in health.
Prescription drugs are another important consideration.
Prescription drugs are another profit center at nursing homes.
Prescription drugs are as a matter of law unavoidably unsafe products.
Prescription drugs are available to lessen the severity and length of the flu.
Prescription drugs are drugs that can only be obtained with written premission from a doctor.
Prescription drugs are effective.
Prescription drugs are expensive and continue to become more costly every year.
Prescription drugs are expensive, even with insurance and government assistance.
Prescription drugs are expensive, to be sure.
Prescription drugs are for an individual.
Prescription drugs are horribly expensive.
Prescription drugs are medicine.
Prescription drugs are often the preferred and sometimes only method of treatment for many diseases.
Prescription drugs are one of America's leading causes of disease and death.
Prescription drugs are one of the leading causes of death.
Prescription drugs are only a small slice of the health care pie.
Prescription drugs are part of that support.
Prescription drugs are powerful controlled substances, yet cause no fear compared to illegal drugs.
Prescription drugs are subject to a set charge.
Prescription drugs are the fastest growing personal expense in health care.
Prescription drugs are the fastest growing piece, or sector, of our health costs.
Prescription drugs are the fastest growing segment of medical expense.
Prescription drugs are the fastest-growing advertising category in the developed world.
Prescription drugs are the fastest-growing component of national health expenditures.
Prescription drugs are the fastest-growing medical cost.
Prescription drugs are the fastest-rising cost in the health care budget.
Prescription drugs are the most commonly used therapy for heart disease in America.
Prescription drugs are the most inflationary component of our health care costs.
Prescription drugs are to be used in accordance with a physician's directions.
Prescription drugs can alleviate the symptoms, but the best course of action is prevention.
Prescription drugs can also be a problem.
Prescription drugs can also be useful.
Prescription drugs can also dull memory.
Prescription drugs can be and are being used incorrectly.
Prescription drugs can cause temporary hair loss for a small number of individuals.
Prescription drugs can cost twice as much in the U.S. as in Canada.
Prescription drugs can help to prevent osteoporosis.
Prescription drugs can increase bone loss.
Prescription drugs can likewise confuse the testers.
Prescription drugs can play a role in treating some insomniacs, doctors say.
Prescription drugs can provide relief, too.
Prescription drugs can take a toll on sleep, too.
Prescription drugs can turn into a gut-wrenching experience.
Prescription drugs can vastly improve the length and quality of life for seniors.
Prescription drugs cause motor weakness and sedation.
Prescription drugs cause temporary hair shedding in a small percentage of people.
Prescription drugs consume a greater share of the plan s medical expenses every year.
Prescription drugs continue to be an issue.
Prescription drugs disrupt normal cell function.
Prescription drugs exist that can treat the cravings seen in alcoholics.
Prescription drugs exist with higher potentials for user addiction than marijuana has.
Prescription drugs exist, but they are much more expensive than pot.
Prescription drugs fall under schedule one.
Prescription drugs have great clinical benefits, but they also have risks.
Prescription drugs help people take care of themselves.
Prescription drugs is politically popular.
Prescription drugs is the honey.
Prescription drugs kill more people each year than automobile and airplane accidents combined.
Prescription drugs play a large part in overall health care costs.
Prescription drugs play a vital role in modern medicine.
Prescription drugs play an ever-increasing role in modern medicine.
Prescription drugs remain a key driver of health care costs.
Prescription drugs require that an animal be seen at a military veterinary clinic within the year.
Prescription drugs take up about one-sixth of all health spending by the elderly.
Prescription drugs travel through several steps to get to consumers, according to the report.
Prescription drugs used wisely can save lives.
Prescription drugs work rapidly and effectively.
All prescription drugs are exempt from tax.
All prescription drugs enter the market with their long-term safety and effectiveness unknown.
All prescription drugs have generic names, and all states encourage generic substitutions.
Every prescription drug comes with a warning label telling doctors how to prescribe it safely.
Many prescription drugs affect the body's ability to regulate and detect hot temperatures.
Many prescription drugs are available to treat giardiasis.
Many prescription drugs are extremely expensive.
Many prescription drugs are in short supply, so bring an ample supply.
Many prescription drugs can trigger depression and disrupt sleep and mental functions.
Many prescription drugs create nutrient deficiencies.
Many prescription drugs have adverse effects on a motorcyclist's riding skills.
Many prescription drugs interfere with the body's ability to endure heat.
Most prescription drugs are available.
Most prescription drugs are much cheaper but some familiar remedies do cost more.
Most prescription drugs lack information about proper use in children.
Some prescription drugs are acid-forming and contribute to bone loss.
Some prescription drugs are worth their weight in gold-literally and figuratively.
Some prescription drugs can actually cause dysphagia, as well.
Some prescription drugs can also affect teeth colour.
Some prescription drugs can cause depression.
Some prescription drugs can cause itchiness.
Some prescription drugs can harm an unborn baby.
Some prescription drugs have harmful effects when their use is abruptly stopped.
Some prescription drugs require prior authorization before they can be covered.
Prescription eyeglasses vary widely in their ability to screen out harmful ultraviolet light.
Prescription glasses are acceptable if they provide adequate coverage and protection.
Prescription glasses are acceptable in lieu of safety glasses.
Prescription glasses are available as industrial safety glasses.
Prescription glasses are okay, as long as they are shatter resistant.
Prescription medication can affect thermoregulation in hot environments.
Prescription medication is another means for obtaining a legal , inexpensive high.
Prescription medication is available to eliminate the parasite from one's intestinal tract.
Prescription medication is available to help if they become extreme.
Prescription medication is available to reduce the severity and duration of the outbreak.
Prescription medication is available.
Prescription medication is located in drawers.
Prescription medication is located in suitcases.
Prescription medications are also the responsibility of the student and parents.
Prescription medications are appropriate for medical emergencies.
Prescription medications are available in the form of a patch worn behind the ear.
Prescription medications are available on site at reasonable prices.
Prescription medications are available.
Prescription medications are often available as both brand name products and generic products.
Prescription medications are one of the most powerful interventions for treating patient illnesses.
Prescription medications are the fastest-rising part of the nation's health care expenditures.
Prescription medications are the most cost-effective form of health care.
Prescription medications are the most frequent cause of neutropenia.
Prescription medications can be very expensive for consumers.
Prescription medications can help to balance out the hormones.
Prescription medications can help.
Prescription medications can provide good relief of symptoms.
Prescription medications cost too much.
Prescription medications deplete the body of essential nutrients.
Prescription medications provide the only effective treatment.
Prescription medications require a new permission each year from the parent and physician.
Prescription medications require the signature of both the parent and the physician .
Prescription medications taken as needed are often most effective if taken early.
All prescription medications carry the risk of side-effects and adverse effects.
All prescription medications require the verbal or written approval of one of our veterinarians.
Many prescription medications make individuals more sensitive to the heat.
Most prescription medication is only valid for a maximum of three months.
Most prescription medications come in only two or three sizes.
Most prescription medications have a list of adverse reactions and side effects.
Some prescription medications can cause depression.
Some prescription medications can help minimize symptoms and have fewer side effects than others.
Some prescription medications can help minimize symptoms.
Some prescription medications contain acetaminophen.
Some prescription medications contain banned substances.
Some prescription medications contribute to weight gain, usually by increasing appetite.
Some prescription medications interact with grapefruit or grapefruit juice.
Some prescription medications work by changing the way the brain receives pain signals.
Prescription medicine can help suppress herpes if taken in the first day or two.
Prescription medicine is medicine
Prescription medicines are serious business.
Prescription medicines can also cause problems.
Prescription medicines give value - medical, social and economic value.
Prescription medicines have directions just for the person whose name is on the label.
All prescription medicines are chargeable to the student.
Many prescription medicines are harmful if taken in large amounts.
Many prescription medicines can harm sperm or otherwise impair sperm production or quality.
Some prescription medicine contains growth hormones.
Some prescription medicine contains hormones.
Some prescription medicine contains human growth hormones.
Some prescription medicine contains human hormones.
Some prescription medicines are available for the treatment of migraine headaches.
Some prescription medicines can cause fainting.
Some prescription medicines can help flu symptoms.
A prescription is instruction
Prescription copy .
Prescription eyeglasses over the Internet.
Prescription Find out more.
Prescription implies making recommendations to achieve specific goals.
Prescription insert available.
Prescription is acquired only when the last day of the period has elapsed.
Prescription is displayed, and can be saved , on the LED display even after the lenses are removed.
Prescription is easy.
Prescription is faxed to speed up the process.
Prescription is necessary for some items.
Prescription is ready when customer arrives.
Prescription is recognised in feudal law in respect of baronial titles.
Prescription is required for every request.
Prescription is subjective, arbitrary and is basic to the practice of medicine.
Prescription isa instruction.
Prescription operates in two distinct factual situations.
Prescription refills available on-line.
Prescription refills online.
Prescription runs against all persons, unless they are within some exception established by a law.
Prescription sheets Extra pair of glass if needed.
Prescription sleeping pills can be valuable for short term or infrequent use.
Prescription use only.
Prescriptions allow intake.
Prescriptions also exist to quell hiccups.
Prescriptions are also available via pharmacy call-in .
Prescriptions are available for small copays also.
Prescriptions are available to plan participants for low co-payments.
Prescriptions are direction.
Prescriptions are documents.
Prescriptions are drugs and they are treated like that overseas.
Prescriptions are extra.
Prescriptions are free for items on hospital formulary.
Prescriptions are generally less expensive at the health center.
Prescriptions are less work than conversation and careful evaluation.
Prescriptions are official documents.
Prescriptions are only for one month's supply.
Prescriptions are only helpful in direct correlation with their general usefulness.
Prescriptions are the exception, rather than the rule, in most countries of the world.
Prescriptions are the most obvious and usual reason.
Prescriptions are to be packaged only in new containers.
Prescriptions are valid for the original order and two refills.
Prescriptions call for treatments.
Prescriptions can be difficult to interpret.
Prescriptions come from a doctor.
Prescriptions filled by mail order provide a three month supply of the prescription drug.
Prescriptions given post-op are for pain, and possibly for the reduction of swelling.
Prescriptions promote the dignity that every retiree is entitled to.
Prescriptions range from a set of simple rules to an elaborated house style.
Prescriptions vary in ponderosa pine regeneration.
All prescriptions are from the United States.
All prescriptions are subject to eligibility verification.
All prescriptions are welcome.
All prescriptions filled by hospital or clinic pharmacies are also subject to a nominal charge.
All prescriptions welcome.
Any prescriptions are the responsibility of the student.
Every prescription is checked against the patient's profile and verified by a registered pharmacist.
Every prescription is checked by a pharmacist before the package is sealed and mailed.
Every prescription is checked by a pharmacist.
Many prescriptions are available, too.
Many prescriptions call for multiple doses daily.
Most prescriptions allow intake.
Most prescriptions are available.
Most prescriptions are ready in less than a week and rush service is available if desired.
Most prescriptions are unnecessary.
Most prescriptions call for treatments.
Some prescriptions also work well when used for mood swings and anxiety.
Some prescriptions call for steroids.
Some prescriptions cause problems.
Some prescriptions have phases.
Some prescriptions require an evaluation before refilling.
Prescriptive authority is needed, as direct third party reimbursement.
Prescriptive authority is site based but most practice sites are covered.
Prescriptive authority is site specific.
Prescriptive dictionaries tend to be more concerned about correct or standard English.
Prescriptive easements are inapplicable to the natural drainage of surface water.
Prescriptive ethics is a normative approach.
Prescriptive feedback guides the student in fixing the problem or improving the skill performance.
A prescriptive grammar is a grammar
Prescriptive grammar is as presumptuous, as naive, as futile as prescriptive meteorology.
Many prescriptive guides are grievously ill informed.
Prescriptive language deals with what ought to be done setting a moral obligation.
Prescriptive music is designed to respond to the individual needs and symptoms of each patient.
Prescriptive privileges are site-specific.
Prescriptive rights vary widely from state to state.
Prescriptive truth consists in the agreement of the mind with right desire.
A prescriptivism is a doctrine
Prescriptivism has a long history.
Prescriptivism is a descendent of emotivism.
Preseason games are part of the season ticket package.
Preseason games mean nothing.
Preseason is a season
Preseason is preseason.
Preseason is seasons.
Preseason picks in parentheses.
Preseason starts approximately one week prior to the first day of classes.
Presence information lets one user see if another is currently logged on.
A presence of mind is resolution
Presence of mind helps at such times.
Presence of mind is considered a virtue in acting man.
Presence services allow users to subscribe to information about each other's state.
Presence aims to have offices in five countries before year end.
Presence allows the third force to enter.
Presence also helps.
Presence also implies trust.
Presence brings life.
Presence builds preference .
Presence buy loch ness discovered.
Presence can be actual or constructive.
Presence claims near a free trial black jack game.
Presence create over all youth baseball uniform.
Presence deserves consideration.
Presence deserves further consideration.
Presence facilitates actions.
Presence growing from absence, fertile life follows death's decay.
Presence has an http site.
Presence has several parts to it.
Presence increases offspring survival.
Presence increases potential.
Presence increases resistance.
Presence increases survival.
Presence increases the personal connection between people.
Presence indicates safe drinking water.
Presence indicates the succesfull installation of the extension.
Presence indicates very high winds aloft.
Presence is .
Presence is a fragile thing wind removes at brittle whim.
Presence is a leader's way of being.
Presence is a mystery in the exact measure in which it is presence.
Presence is a sign of power.
Presence is about vitality, connection, and full awareness in the moment.
Presence is also critical in the Anglo world.
Presence is an intensity that defies description.
Presence is attendance.
Presence is being.
Presence is beyond questions, doubts and striving.
Presence is critical in leading during crisis.
Presence is existence
Presence is important, but substance is everything.
Presence is impressions.
Presence is indicated in percentage of the whole.
Presence is mandatory but Presents are optional.
Presence is more than just being there.
Presence is probably the central variable for interfaces and applications in virtual environments.
Presence is proximities.
Presence is quite a technical album.
Presence is quite different.
Presence is spirit.
Presence is the antithesis of enmeshment.
Presence is the art of non-distraction.
Presence is the feeling of being together.
Presence is the key and naval forces provide it every day in every corner of the world.
Presence is the key, and Naval forces provide it every day in every corner of the world.
Presence is the opposite of stage fright.
Presence is the second big issue.
Presence is the stuff of visiting.
Presence is the visual expression of our brand.
Presence is when contamination exists in a medium due to some historical use.
Presence isa being.
Presence isa existence.
Presence means more than words.
Presence means the experience of being in a virtual environment.
Presence occurs when a thing is what it appears to be.
Presence offers a sense of welcoming, allowing and non-judgment.
Presence offers the possibility of meaningful interaction with someone.
Presence provides indicators.
Presence provides the elements The sun, the water, the soil.
Presence requires occasional absence.
Presence sets a tone and expectation for others.
Presence shines on all that is happening and knows that all is well.
Presence teach Today toward several rear behind many world.
Presence thereof is witnesse that the ground is bareyne and drye that it groweth in.
Most presence brings life.
Most presence deserves consideration.
Most presence deserves further consideration.
Most presence increases potential.
Most presence increases resistance.
Most presence increases survival.
Most presence provides indicators.
Some presence affects birds.
Some presence affects production.
Some presence affects quality.
Some presence affects sex.
Some presence affects territory.
Some presence attracts beetles.
Some presence causes death.
Some presence causes degradations.
Some presence causes destruction.
Some presence causes displacement.
Some presence causes fire.
Some presence causes growth.
Some presence causes life.
Some presence causes own life.
Some presence contributes to breaths.
Some presence contributes to quality.
Some presence contributes to water quality.
Some presence decreases offspring survival.
Some presence decreases survival.
Some presence disrupts functions.
Some presence encourages growth.
Some presence generates tension.
Some presence has adverse effects.
Some presence has dramatic effects.
Some presence has effects.
Some presence has little effects.
Some presence has opposite effects.
Some presence increases chances.
Some presence increases damage.
Some presence increases storms.
Some presence indicates animal fecal contamination.
Some presence indicates contamination.
Some presence indicates current infection.
Some presence indicates death.
Some presence indicates deposition.
Some presence indicates energy.
Some presence indicates fecal contamination.
Some presence indicates infection.
Some presence indicates problems.
Some presence indicates strong updrafts.
Some presence indicates sudden death.
Some presence indicates updrafts.
Some presence influences outcomes.
Some presence interferes with functions.
Some presence leads many workers.
Some presence leads paleontologists.
Some presence leads to blockage.
Some presence leads to contamination.
Some presence leads to imbalances.
Some presence leads to intestinal blockage.
Some presence leads workers.
Some presence limits growth.
Some presence limits motor functions.
Some presence limits population growth.
Some presence limits production.
Some presence poses danger.
Some presence presents problems.
Some presence prevents absorption.
Some presence promotes exfoliation.
Some presence provides benefits.
Some presence provides certain benefits.
Some presence provides evidence.
Some presence provides information.
Some presence provides net benefits.
Some presence raises health issues.
Some presence raises issues.
Some presence relates to problems.
Some presence requires surgery.
Some presence suggests possibility.
Some presence weakens trees.
Present acquisitions are selective.
Present acts are neutral save in their consequences.
Present actions can effect future conditions.
Present activities concentrate on searchable bibliographies and user-defined maps.
Present activities focus on a residential tree planting program within the new city of Toronto.
Present activity constitutes no threat to inhabitants.
Present affliction become the source of heavenly glory.
Present afflictions tend also to heighten future joy.
Present analysis is based on shell characters alone.
Present anthropology s most significant findings about human culture.
Present approaches focus on possible new treatment schemes.
Present attempt is to link leaf traits of the plant with DNA markers.
Present authorities are to be blamed on that.
Present behavior is determined by unresolved conflicts from childhood.
Present building contains elements of earlier livery stable.
Present building is on fourth site.
Present calculations give in fact plenty of room for evolution to take place.
Present call is put on hold.
Present caller is put on hold.
Present campus is dedicated.
Present capacity is insufficient, many meetings have to change venues.
Present chairman is mrs.
Present charity reports to the class.
Present checklist covers the whole of the vascular flora of Poland.
Present choices determine future rewards.
Present church has thirteenth century origins.
Present circumstances call for further reform and improvement.
Present circumstances demand new and innovative solutions.
Present clients range from a large manufacturing company to small financial services firm.
Present code assumes no difference between the four telescopes.
Present computers seem to be fast enough and to have enough memory for the job.
Present concerns continue to focus on odors but include ammonia and methane emissions as well.
Present conclusions regarding the extent of clinical immunosuppression are difficult to reach.
Present conditions are a challenge to bringing the landscape into a steady state mosaic.
Present conditions are evidence of failure to achieve desirable outcomes.
Present conferences are more in favour of shippers and consignees.
Present consumption is measured in millions of tonnes per year.
Present consumption is more valuable than future consumption.
Present contacts are in the United States, Canada, Australia, Iceland, and the United Kingdom.
Present contacts Existing customers and contacts are the best place to start.
Present cosmology is way too complicated.
Present counties are too large.
Present coverage is inadequate through routine systems.
Present cures are far far far worse than any perceived disease.
Many present customers can look back to parents and grandparents who did business here.
Present data are inconclusive as to why the two cylinders noted here ruptured instead of leaked.
Present data suggest that neither view is correct.
Present day fixed costs are much higher than past years.
Present day whaling round the islands of Tonga is a fascinating relic of the past.
Present developments are but the opening phase of a national emergency.
Present difficulties are an opportunity for thought.
Present doses are sub-optimal.
Present economies are predominantly post-industrial, hence service economies.
Present economies depend on inflaming human appetites out of all proportion to basic human needs.
Present emphasis is on kraft smelt technology and green liquor pro-cessing.
Present emphasis is on laser materials processing, including welding, cutting and surface treatment.
Present emphasis is on models associated with distributed programs, protocols, and digital circuits.
Present emphasis is on reduction in cost and increase in efficiency.
Present employees get the old or new, whichever is better.
Present endeavors focus more on soil micro-arthropod communities.
Present enrollment is thirty-six children.
Present events have their own reality.
Present evidence indicates that hyperthermia is frequently overlooked.
All present executives are eligible to vote.
Present exhibits consist of collections of calculators and glossaries.
Present exhibits feature contemporary designs and colors in varied styles.
Present experience confirms reports of other series.
Present experiments demonstrate occurrences.
Present experiments provide measurements.
Most present experiments demonstrate occurrences.
Most present experiments provide measurements.
Present facilities are adequate for existing commerce.
Present facilities are adequate for the current enrollment.
Present facilities are inadequate for handling the traffic from and to Kosovo.
Present fears are less than horrible imaginings.
Present fears Are less than horrible imaginings.
Present fertility is over five times that level.
Present figures help.
Present focus is on educating the girl child in China and other northern communities.
Present focus is on in vivo regeneration in the brain.
Present focus is on NOx controls for utility and incinerator applications.
Present focus is to determine reasons for performance being below theoretical prediction.
Present forests contain much more paper birch and trembling aspen than the original forests.
Present game Go to the shop and buy little things like lollies, toys etc.
Present gingerbread is a recent addition.
Present goals involve strengthening current efforts toward diversity and enacting change.
Present goods are consumption goods and future goods are capital goods.
Present government has to fight on several fronts.
Present guidelines are sketchy and at times contradictory.
Present guidelines call for an assessment based on gross annual income.
Many present hams feel that such an experience is missing today.
Present hobbies are mountain biking and making major home renovations.
Present home is in Manchester.
Present hones are natural or synthetic and can be used dry, with oil or water.
Present housing is filled and there is a waiting list.
Present humans continue in that quest for the sake of themselves and future generations.
Many present hunters find gold and gem rough in sedentary rock.
Present image is raytraced with radiocity on.
Present incarnation is shown on crest.
Present indications are that it helps to diminish rejection of the donor tissue.
Present indicators are mixed.
Present industries consist of tobacco packing, hatters' fur, and a bleachery and dye works.
Present information includes department newsletters and a program evaluation report.
Present initiatives are in the area of accreditation, communications, and student programs.
Present inventions provide alternatives.
Present inventions provide improvement.
Present inventions provide new products.
Present inventions provide products.
Present inventions relate to chest compression devices.
Present inventions relate to compositions.
Present inventions relate to devices.
Present inventions relate to methods.
Present inventions relate to products.
Present inventions relate to sense devices.
Most present inventions provide alternatives.
Most present inventions provide improvement.
Most present inventions provide new products.
Most present inventions provide products.
Most present inventions relate to chest compression devices.
Most present inventions relate to compositions.
Most present inventions relate to devices.
Most present inventions relate to methods.
Most present inventions relate to products.
Most present inventions relate to sense devices.
Some present inventions relate to circuits.
Some present inventions relate to electronic circuits.
Some present inventions relate to vaccines.
Present issues are in manual form.
Present job requires fifty or more hours a week.
Present knowledge refutes the following myths.
Present labels are inadequate.
Present law encourages home ownership through mortgage interest deduction.
Present law encourages technological research and development through tax credits for innovation.
Present law gives a visa officer wide discretion in granting or denying visas.
Present law keeps patent applications secret until a patent issues.
Present law leaves the matter to the discretion of the court.
Present law offers an option of either.
Present law places several restrictions on the use of the cash method for income tax purposes.
Present law punishes business and encourages irresponsibility.
Present law requires an annual trust fund statement.
Present law requires notice to debtors for assignment.
Present law requires the use of one system within each precinct.
Present law requires three items for a federal violation.
Present law sticks creditors unless they can show fraud.
Present laws create barriers to accessing alternative networks and value added services.
Present leadership workshops to prepare prospective men for church leadership.
All present life is based on digitally encoded information.
Present lighting is restricted to gas lanterns.
Present loan is assumable.
Present location has extremely favorable lease rates.
Present management deserves some credit for getting the company going in the right direction again.
Present members come from a wide range of experiences and backgrounds.
Present membership includes about fifteen individuals.
Present membership includes both amateur and professional musicians.
Present membership is drawn from six continents.
Present methods are inadequate A conventional method of finding buyers is through advisors.
All present methods have roots deep down in the past.
Present models get power through feeder cable, dangling down like an umbilical cord.
A present moment is a present
Every present moment has a storied past and a storied future possibility.
Present name is Shingo-village.
Present nanny recommends highly.
Present objectives continue to be to define a curriculum for training across Europe.
Present observations favor a small but positive cosmological term.
Present options works on trainees' ability to develop alternative strategies.
Present owner has too many horses and a bad back, thus rides infrequently - hence reason for sale.
Present owner rents more land.
Present owner sells fishing supplies, vegetables, and roadside flea market items.
Present owner wants a partner either hands on or investor to expand present business.
Present owner wants to retire.
Present owners are so notified.
Present owners function as developers, hiring professional development expertise as required.
Present owners have the benefit and convenience of an updated, on-line manual.
Present owners name and address.
Present ownership is in question.
Present pains can lead to permanent gains.
Present paper is devoted to development of such approach.
Some present paper illustrates patterns.
A present participle is a verb
Present participle accusative sg.
Present participle genitive absolute.
Present participles appear at the front of word groups that modify nouns or pronouns.
Present participles are invariable.
Present participles are participles.
Present participles end in -ing.
Present performance is far from ideal, however, and optimization efforts are still under way.
Present performance refers to the most recent data available for the various indicators.
Present photo ID upon arrival in order to pick up tickets.
Present plans are for it to be in Mexico City and several other key cities of Mexico.
Present plans are for the award ceremony to be held in Vienna during the winter.
Present plans are for the test site to be available over the next few weeks.
Present plans are to add walk-in refrigeration.
Present plans are to only partially activate the center.
Present plans call for opening the plant in about eight months.
Present policies accept or encourage timber harvest in wetlands.
Present policies erode the bonds of trust and respect on which our sense of community is based.
Present policy allows inmates to update card balances through the canteen once per week.
Present policy enforces privacy of all users.
Present policy is a complete waste of taxpayers money.
Present policy is to limit population growth to present levels.
Present policy is to offer challenge grants that are matched dollar for dollar.
Present policy is to operate summer sessions in high schools only, on a tuition basis.
Present policy requires an urgent and compelling reason to withdraw.
Present popularity is as a laxative and a remedy for stomach ailments.
Present populations represent a fraction of original range once inhabited by native bull trout.
Present positions are casual, with progression to permanent available dependent upon performance.
Present practice is quite adequate.
Present practice promotes functional literacy.
Present practices damage our ecosystems and reduce biodiversity.
Present practices illustrate what can be done.
Present practices omit bluegrass from the seeding mixture.
Present practices require complicated and time consuming procedures to obtain the refund.
Present processing has a drawback .
Present processing has a drawback.
Present programs spend most of their time rejecting the same moves millions of times apiece.
Present programs treat only very special cases.
Present punishments are cruel and irrational.
Present puppet shows as students are ready.
Present puppet shows as time permits.
Present quantities vary from image to image.
Present reality is blurred, the past comes sharply into focus as if by magic.
Present records have it in California.
Present regulations allow for the opening of drawbridges during emergency conditions.
Present regulations deny or restrict the economic use of the property.
Present regulations reflect the park's primary purposes of resource protection and visitor use.
All present regulations are subject to change.
Present release is set for two funds to clone.
Present remuneration pa.
Present reports indicate the problem is growing.
Present reporter packages on-set.
Present research continues to investigate the effects of vertical motion.
Present research focuses on ecology and environmental quality.
Present research focuses on verb use by children with specific language impairment.
Present research involves equine behavior and reproductive physiology in horses.
Present research involves study of secondary metabolites of algae which display biological activity.
Present research is directed toward the study of the proteins involved in blood coagulation.
Present research reports at national forums.
Present research reports.
Present research results verbally at national meetings, seminars, or to sponsors.
Present researchers are the educators for the next generation.
Present resources are very scarce, depending solely on members own contributions.
Present results are very exciting but lack statistics of large umnbers.
Present results indicate a molecular or microbial source of larval growth inhibition.
Present robots tend to be really controlled, whereas animals are much less controlled.
Present role is in planning and analysis of new and existing very large projects.
Present roles are an antiquated, unrealistic mesh with today's world.
Present rules call for the election of between four and seven new enshrinees each year.
Present rules remain in effect.
Present rules require or encourage landfills to remain relatively dry.
Present runs are only the end results of thousands of years of only the strongest surviving.
Present sacrifice produces eternal privilege.
Present salaries are competitive with other allied health professions.
Present salvation is a foretaste and pledge of the coming and ultimate salvation.
All present scanners are analog recievers.
Present schedules provide three trips each way daily.
Present science is inconclusive about the life after death or rebirth or reincarnation.
Present screen objects in an orderly, simple, and uncluttered manner.
Present searches seem to be limited to their test database of computer related articles.
Present sensors rely on physical sampling techniques which are inherently slow.
Present services are primarily crisis focused and reactive in nature.
Present signs indicate the present owners wish to sell the house and let someone else deal with it.
Present situation needs to be checked following volcanic eruptions.
Present song lyrics using a video projector.
Present speakers are refugees from World War II or recent immigrants.
Present specifications are for securities and currency paper, for both domestic and foreign usage.
Present staff are all volunteers.
Present staff has masters' degrees in planning or bachelors' degrees in related fields.
Present staff have no engineering background, and are fully occupied with their present duties.
Present staff is stretched extremely thin.
Present status is summarized below.
Present statute excludes small, farmer-owned cooperatives from garnering the credit.
Present statute requires notification be provided only to the county attorney.
Present students have access to a great range of people in all professions.
Present studies indicate that the average marriage lasts only for seven years.
Present studies show that at least four more species are waiting to be described.
Present surgeon can t keep up with the demand.
Present system is easy and economical.
Present system seems okay.
Present systems are closer to the notepad class.
Present systems are inadequate for most practical use, and extremely demanding on computer hardware.
Present systems are manual time consuming.
Present systems are too slow and too difficult to calibrate.
Present systems are very weak in enrollment data and are totally inadequate.
Present systems give away the store to the polluters.
All present taxonomy is based upon it.
Present techniques allow patients to return home shortly after the procedure.
Present technologies are unable to permanently contain the wastes.
Present technologies have several shortcomings that the patent seeks to overcome.
Present technology allows easy automatic maintenance of the appropriate ozone residual level.
Present technology can bring about an age of plenty, but can also backfire.
Present technology includes two fully equipped computer labs and one applied technology lab.
Present technology is time-consuming, and thus expensive, and often yields inaccurate results.
Present technology permits features and performance at the most economical cost ever.
Present technology permits the manufacture of personalized handguns.
Present technology requires the submission of a sample to a lab.
Present tendencies appear most favorable.
A present tense is a tense
Present tense gets precedence.
Present tense gives idea of repetition, from time to time fall asleep .
Present tense gives idea of repetition, from time to time fall asleep.
Present tense is appropriate for results that are literally before the reader.
Present tense is best unless the context of a passage absolutely required past tense.
Present tense is more audience-involving than past tense.
Present tense is preferable when writing about literature.
Present tense is used correctly all of the time.
Present tense is used correctly most of the time.
Present tense is used for literary analysis.
Present tense is used for statements that are universally true.
Present tense is used to refer to existing literature or general truths and to state conclusions.
Present tense is used when discussing characters as fictional constructs.
Present testing is adequate.
Present testing is limited to very small sample sizes.
Present theory is that it, like Stonehenge, was probably a temple or public meeting hall, or both.
Present therapies treat only the symptoms of hemophilia rather than the cause.
Present thought is that their closest living relatives are the monitor lizards.
Present time is a tangible reality, and a person lives only in the present.
Present time is the only time that truly exists.
Present timeliness is two years and one month for financing data.
Present treatment consists of surgery to remove of the nevus, with skin grafting where necessary.
Present treatment is mostly supportive.
Present treatments address only core symptoms, and do little to improve academic or social outcomes.
Present trends are towards creating a culture that is synonymous with consumer society.
Present trends seem to be towards laptop type features - and prices.
Present trends suggest that capture fisheries are approaching their limits.
Present trends suggest that the franchising sector has great prospects for growth in Cyprus.
Present truth is the only way to describe the ministry.
Present understanding seems to be capturing most of the major changes.
Present usage is analyzed in detail for cost-savings opportunities.
Present use is a used furniture store and rented office space.
Present use is farmland.
Present use is for apartments.
Present use is pasture and raising hay.
Present value includes both the underlying value and the time value of that interest.
Present value is always a smaller quantity than the future amount.
Present value is another way to calculate the long-term debt.
Present value is based on a calculation of the price of spot silver on the commodity markets.
Present value is the discounted value of a future earnings stream.
Present value is the value in today's terms of a certain amount of money in the future.
Present value refers to today's value of a sum of money to be received in the future.
Present value represents a series of future cash flows expressed in today's dollars.
Present vegetation is blue grama, sand dropseed, burrograss and fourwing saltbush.
Present vegetation is desert saltbush, linear-leaf saltbush and wolfberry.
Present vegetation is mainly Wyoming big sagebrush, bottlebrush squirreltail and Indian ricegrass.
Present vegetation is sage, blue grama, galleta and Indian ricegrass.
Present vegetation is snakeweed, three-awn, and gramma.
Present version uses the same race for all three computations.
Present volume comprises three parts.
Present weather is light snow.
Present work concentrates on proof of the postulated sulfanated apoferredoxin.
Present work focuses on boundary layer separation and recovery downstream of reattachment.
Present work focuses on mass transport onto the shelf.
Present work focuses on method and system development for use in education and practice.
Present work includes monotypes, etchings and block prints.
Present work is aimed at isolating sufficient quantities for structure elucidation.
Present work is centered on stabilizing the sensor for long-term, high temperature operation.
Present work is concentrated on the picking procedure and the horizontal component data.
Present work is concerned mainly with the metabolic effects of the diving response in man.
Present work is focused on validation of the approach.
Present work is focussed on ocean modeling and ocean state estimation.
Present work suggests that the process is essentially inviscid.
Present world is very confused.
A present is time
Present isa entity.
Presents abstinence as the safest option.
Presents account analysis and reports concerning audit scope.
Presents aggregate demographic information collected on survey respondents.
Presents aims, methods, and content of philosophy through important figures and perennial problems.
Presents also provides an opportunity to win free tickets to select events online.
Presents analyses clearly.
Presents analyses, and interprets information that was collected.
Presents answers to queries on indigenous environmental concerns.
Presents antigens to lymphocytes.
Presents appraisal, research, and evaluation in an easily understood format.
Presents approach to kinematics of particles in linear and curvilinear motion.
Presents approaches for improved industry relations with government and academia.
Presents approaches to organizing and conducting simulation studies.
Presents arcade, quiz, card, sport and tricky distractions, chat and fun.
Presents are a plus but relaxation is more important.
Presents are another reason why adulthood birthdays sometimes lose their luster.
Presents are ash.
Presents are everywhere.
Presents are fun to give and receive, but the true nature of giving is really from the heart.
Presents are gifts.
Presents are great.
Presents are located in boxs.
Presents are located in parties.
Presents are located in trees.
Presents are located in weddings.
Presents are nice, but so is sensible service.
Presents are nice.
Presents are often a bone of contention.
Presents are tenses.
Presents are time.
Presents are used for giving.
Presents are wonderful to give and to receive.
Presents argument that overpopulation is a symptom of poverty.
Presents background for understanding parent-child relationships in the changing social environment.
Presents background in linear algebra theory and computational techniques.
Presents background on abamectin, the active ingredient in Avert .
Presents can be one of the hardest things about birthday parties.
Presents cautions regarding eco-labels.
Presents conduct for life to both teenage girls and parents.
Presents consult to on-site faculty.
Presents cool women on the Web with their own personal homepage.
Presents draft guidelines for regional accreditation of distance programs.
Presents essays on issues such as apologetics, science, current issues.
Presents facts examples and definitions objectively.
Presents finish stairs and trim parts.
Presents given are money, fruits, betel leaves and areca nuts.
Presents given with our love, are the most precious.
Presents hits in sequence most likely to match intent of user, based on history of past searches.
Presents hope for the unsaved dead.
Presents influences on and motivations of individuals and organizations to become donors.
Presents insect and or disease educational talks.
Presents is hereafter declared and appointed.
Presents Keep going.
Presents live performances from the world's greatest musical artists.
Presents Make present exchange fun.
Presents narratives that discuss how iaido is practiced and performed.
Presents normally break the ice, though.
Presents overview, regulations, guidelines, policy, committees, reports and research.
Presents play writing for intermediate level students.
Presents prizes to Puerto Rican youth of distinction.
Presents range between clothing, recreational toys, and books.
Presents recipes for all types of cookies.
Presents reports from campus committees for staff representatives in their absence.
Presents reports on critical planning issues and online demographic data for the state.
Presents reports on developments in the region.
Presents research as a creative, doable activity that students are invited to enjoy.
Presents research evaluating the programs, and discusses the implications for policy and practice.
Presents research on causality, classification, and treatment.
Presents research on the conservation of ecological niches in evolutionary time.
Presents research on the nonprofit sector in Brazil, Ghana, Egypt, India, and Thailand.
Presents research on urban upgrading of squatter and slum settlements in developing countries.
Presents results as a layered set of individual pages from each search engine.
Presents skills that men and women can use to communicate more effectively.
Presents sponsor as environmentally responsible.
Presents sponsors employee clubs, leagues and special classes.
Presents survey results of the social concerns of students.
Presents survey results that profile reading programs in juvenile correctional facilities.
Presents symbolize the labor and love of parents and the commitments made and kept by the children.
Presents tack and lists shows, trail rides, and clinics.
Presents update of departmental activities at management meetings.
Presents users the options of joining as members or browsing as visitors.
Presents vignettes on issues encountered by divorced parents and their children.
Presents work in written and verbal communication in industry and business.
Presents works, as well as some projects.
Presents workshops to community groups on a variety of topics of interest to women.
Presents workshops to the community.
Presents often take the place of personal expressions of love and affection.
All present can hear it.
All presents are better when wrapped.
Every present has a different past and a different future.
More presents are always a good idea.
More presents are to come.
Some presents are complete crud.
Presentation logic is assumed to be handled on the client tier.
Presentation logic make user to call application, which is resided at server node.
Presentation programs provide similar options related to patterns of sequences of transparencies.
Most presentation programs are full of special effects.
Presentation slides are available .
Presentation slides are available here.
Presentation slides are available on the net.
Presentation slides are available, old ones in English and recent ones in French .
Presentation slides are available.
Presentation slides are unavailable.
Presentation software allows text, graphical, and numerical data to be shown to others.
Presentation software can usually display an image at full screen size.
Presentation software is reviewed, and hands on experience with the software is provided.
Presentation software is to be used to enhance selected presentations.
Presentation software lends a polished, professional touch to any type of assignment.
Presentation software running from a PC is the preferred presentation format.
Presentation software Use sound bites in presentations or other shared electronic documents.
Presentation software Use the handy search form below to find other tutorials.
Most presentation software includes graphics and images that can be used as part of a presentation.
Some presentation software provides an ability to print handouts directly from the presentation.
Presentation technology enables instructors to teach computing skills using a projector system.
Presentation addresses both individual and organizational concerns for change and innovation.
Presentation adds to the appeal of even the most decadently delicious dish.
Presentation Allow the shells and appendages of the crab or lobster to protrude from the callaloo.
Presentation also covers email hoaxes, viruses, Internet legends, and network security.
Presentation also includes a look at online job posting and review facilities.
Presentation also includes a photo exhibit of the project.
Presentation also includes ideas for more successful communication.
Presentation becomes the story, and content is something that gets in the way.
Presentation begins with blending in.
Presentation can be as severe respiratory distress or frank respiratory arrest.
Presentation can be from slides or video or an oral presentation from the speaker.
Presentation can be in the form of a short skit.
Presentation can be just as crucial as the quality of the food.
Presentation can be key in convincing the prosecution to strike a deal.
Presentation can be no longer than twelve minutes.
Presentation can be schedule for any group.
Presentation can be to a class, to other classes, or outside groups.
Presentation can deliver auditory and multimodal stimuli.
Presentation can make a mediocre costume great, or can break a good one.
Presentation can override substance, reality, and truth.
Presentation clearly states the benefits eating food from the food group presented.
Presentation concludes with a question and answer period.
Presentation consistently is too elementary or too sophisticated for the audience.
Presentation contains ample evidence of research and sources.
Presentation contains high quality graphics and CD quality audio.
Presentation contains limited evidence of research and sources.
Presentation contains little information and is difficult to follow.
Presentation contains minimal evidence of research and sources.
Presentation contains no evidence of research and sources.
Presentation contains relevant information and images.
Presentation contains required information.
Presentation contains the required information.
Presentation copy from the author to a resident of Indianapolis with long inscription.
Presentation copy from the author.
Presentation copy with tipped-in signed letter.
Presentation counts too.
Presentation covers overall organization, readability and the use of English.
Presentation covers the important points.
Presentation covers topics.
Presentation creates credibility.
Presentation dates to be negotiated.
Presentation demonstrates poor planning and preparation.
Presentation depends upon location of lesion.
Presentation Describe the requirements for presentation of hot and cold foods for buffets.
Presentation describes how.
Presentation Designs the paper and is responsible for the graphical presentation.
Presentation does include such a tool.
Presentation does, after all, enhance the transfer of meaning.
Presentation draws attention.
Presentation draws further attention.
Presentation ends with a reading and question time.
Presentation Ensures that data is presented to the applications in a consistent fashion.
Presentation facilitates comparison of data.
Presentation features the current exhibition.
Presentation Find an appropriate rate and level for speaking.
Presentation Find out the standard dress for the organisation.
Presentation Find out the standard dress for the organization.
Presentation Find out what the dress code is and dress accordingly.
Presentation Flowers the reproductive structures of plants.
Presentation flows from one part to the next.
Presentation flows smoothly and in a logical sequence.
Presentation flows smoothly throughout.
Presentation flows well, keeps attention of audience Very interesting and creative.
Presentation flows well.
Presentation focuses on basic legal framework and key data practices provisions.
Presentation focuses on ideas.
Presentation follows logic.
Presentation follows paper but the speaker appears unprepared.
Presentation gives detail about the forms of poetry.
Presentation gives the correct and accurate information.
Presentation goes a long way.
Presentation has a few grammatical errors.
Presentation has a specific structure, i.e. abstract, methods, conclusion, etc.
Presentation has an identifiable, logical structure.
Presentation has effects.
Presentation has few errors.
Presentation has few organization problems.
Presentation has few spelling or grammar errors.
Presentation has four to five specific details or facts about the theme park.
Presentation has less than four specific details or facts about the theme park.
Presentation has nine or more specific details or facts about the theme park.
Presentation has no focus.
Presentation has no misspellings or grammatical errors.
Presentation has no organization problems.
Presentation has no spelling and grammatical errors.
Presentation has one of the easiest scholarship application procedures around.
Presentation has six to eight specific details or facts about the theme park.
Presentation has some errors.
Presentation has some minor errors in the way information is given.
Presentation has some organization and focus.
Presentation has to be in English language.
Presentation has to do with images, colors, fonts and design in general.
Presentation has topic that is named and defined.
Presentation has topic that is named and vaguely defined.
Presentation helps, too.
Presentation here is an art form.
Presentation here is only as a point of interest .
Presentation includes a break and active meditation.
Presentation includes a live demonstration of eForms.
Presentation includes a panel discussion with top retailers.
Presentation includes a sac-like bag of fluid.
Presentation includes a slideshow and current U.S. campaigns.
Presentation includes all required elements.
Presentation includes an accurate analysis of information from at least two sources.
Presentation includes an extended analysis of information from at least three sources.
Presentation includes an extended analysis of information from at least two sources.
Presentation includes an illustrated talk about the planets with fundamental wonders of each.
Presentation includes background for novices and new ideas for advanced users.
Presentation includes classroom and web based instruction.
Presentation includes colorful and inspirational slide show.
Presentation includes coloring book and parent sheet.
Presentation includes details.
Presentation includes discussion on computer modeling of sports, such as football and volleyball.
Presentation includes examples.
Presentation includes grammatical correctness as well as specifics such as spelling and punctuation.
Presentation includes group exercises to apply key project management tools and techniques.
Presentation includes hints to help students write memoirs and family histories.
Presentation includes images.
Presentation includes inaccurate information and disorganized.
Presentation includes information from only one source.
Presentation includes introduction, information linked in a clear way, and a summary or conclusion.
Presentation includes lecture, demonstration, discussion and lab.
Presentation includes legal concepts, sample forms and contracts, terms and royalty percentages.
Presentation includes live and recorded examples and a slide show.
Presentation includes maps and drawings.
Presentation includes necessary information, but somewhat unclear.
Presentation includes numerous graphs.
Presentation includes organization and development of material, language, and reader contact.
Presentation includes samples of holiday dishes.
Presentation includes slides.
Presentation includes some fascinating research.
Presentation includes songs and audience participation.
Presentation includes strategies and resources for deciding on a career direction.
Presentation includes text and graphics.
Presentation includes the complete text in English of their political platform.
Presentation includes the folders the photographs are delivered in and other accessory items.
Presentation includes title page and bibliography.
Presentation incorporates input from all group members.
Presentation introduces concepts.
Presentation involves audience, allowing time for audience to think and respond.
Presentation involves lectures, demonstrations and films.
Presentation is a big deal.
Presentation is a big part of the appeal of each dish.
Presentation is a condition necessary for publication.
Presentation is a critical, if unnatural, mode of communication for any researcher to master.
Presentation is a first glance at a subject manner.
Presentation is a huge part of the equation.
Presentation is a key ingredient.
Presentation is a little confusing.
Presentation is a non-conceptual form of 'representation'.
Presentation is a planned conversation, paced for audience understanding.
Presentation is a story book format that gets kids up and moving.
Presentation is a very big part of the business world.
Presentation is about being comfortable in front of a camera.
Presentation is accurate and thorough.
Presentation is acute with painful, swollen extremities progressing to disabling cutaneous fibrosis.
Presentation is adequately informative.
Presentation is aesthetically pleasing.
Presentation is aimed at emphasising the important aspects of each contribution.
Presentation is all.
Presentation is also a key factor.
Presentation is also an important part of price determination.
Presentation is also available in paper format.
Presentation is also important.
Presentation is always critical.
Presentation is always important.
Presentation is an engraved plaque.
Presentation is an essential part of the budget process.
Presentation is an important part of all professional activities.
Presentation is an important part of all written work, and a skill which needs to be developed.
Presentation is an important part of all written work, and a skill, which needs to be developed.
Presentation is an important part of breakfast and is a treat in itself.
Presentation is an important part of the delivery of information.
Presentation is an undeniably important element of good Web design.
Presentation is anytime, but often adolescence.
Presentation is as impressive as the preparation of the food.
Presentation is attended by supervisors and clinical practicum supervision group.
Presentation is attractive, professional, and suitable for display and presentation.
Presentation is attractive.
Presentation is best with a whole hen per person.
Presentation is better, with meals in little ceramic dishes set in trays.
Presentation is brief and includes unrelated general statements.
Presentation is by a guest speaker.
Presentation is by invitation only, special pricing applies.
Presentation is by lectures, demonstrations, and laboratory experiments.
Presentation is ceremony
Presentation is ceremony.
Presentation is clear and logical, and speakers are articulate.
Presentation is clear and understandable, with appropriate use of language.
Presentation is clear and voices can be heard.
Presentation is clear and well organized.
Presentation is clear enough for the most part, albeit a little turgid and needlessly repetitious.
Presentation is clear, and interesting.
Presentation is clear, concise and organized.
Presentation is clear, interesting, creative, and attractive.
Presentation is clear.
Presentation is competent, organized and coherent.
Presentation is complimented by powerful soundtrack and voice-over narrations.
Presentation is concerned with the showing of artworks.
Presentation is concise, direct, and in logical order as well as responses.
Presentation is conventional, with each page of descriptions adjacent to a page of illustrations.
Presentation is coordinated and understandable.
Presentation is coordinated, understandable, and interesting.
Presentation is coordinated, understandable, interesting, and clearly results in learning.
Presentation is copyrighted by the author.
Presentation is creative and original in design.
Presentation is creative, provides summary of research and stays within the time limit.
Presentation is creative.
Presentation is critical.
Presentation is crucial .
Presentation is crucial.
Presentation is definitely the economic bottleneck for the computerized artist.
Presentation is dependent on the site of bleeding.
Presentation is determined by the report that is given in front of the class.
Presentation is dictated later.
Presentation is difficult to follow.
Presentation is disorganized and communicated in chunks.
Presentation is disorganized and inaccurate.
Presentation is disorganized and students are unprepared to share what they have learned.
Presentation is displays.
Presentation is diverse, depending on the location of the lesion.
Presentation is done in a professional manner.
Presentation is done through just oral reading.
Presentation is done well.
Presentation is during the annual meeting of the society.
Presentation is easily understandable and has superb creativity.
Presentation is easy to understand, creative and informative.
Presentation is either unsupported by research or disjointed and fragmented.
Presentation is elegant rather than over elaborate.
Presentation is embedded within a standard HTML page.
Presentation is emphasized.
Presentation is enhanced by powerful soundtrack and voice-over narrations.
Presentation is everything for the young and hip who frequent.
Presentation is everything when it comes to courting a top-level candidate.
Presentation is everything, it makes a significant difference.
Presentation is everything.
Presentation is Everything.
Presentation is evocative.
Presentation is excellent through out with the different components clearly identified.
Presentation is excellent with large, clear text and some lovely illustrations.
Presentation is excellent, often with the inclusion of flowers.
Presentation is excellent, the usual wooden bits and quality cards add to the whole quality feel.
Presentation is excellent.
Presentation is extraordinarily significant.
Presentation is fantastic.
Presentation is fast, but at the expense of quality.
Presentation is flawless - balanced and artistic.
Presentation is fluent and coherent.
Presentation is fluent, logical, organized, creative and coherent.
Presentation is focused and organized.
Presentation is focused with an obvious theme and clear conclusions.
Presentation is focused with an obvious theme.
Presentation is for teachers as well as parents.
Presentation is free but pre-registration is required.
Presentation is free of any mispronunciations.
Presentation is free.
Presentation is from the manuscript and the focus is off stage.
Presentation is generally clear and well organized.
Presentation is generally of a good standard.
Presentation is generally slightly poor.
Presentation is gorgeous, taste is wonderful.
Presentation is gorgeous.
Presentation is great.
Presentation is hard to follow and understand.
Presentation is highly readable, grammatically correct and references are cited.
Presentation is highly useful.
Presentation is illogical, disordered.
Presentation is imaginative, interesting and insightful to watch.
Presentation is immaculate.
Presentation is important because it keeps the work in the front, and makes it harder to dismiss.
Presentation is important for a successful delivery.
Presentation is important here, and it's true that most of the food looked quite appetizing.
Presentation is important in cafeterias, especially when it comes to boosting nonbreakfast sales.
Presentation is important to the membership.
Presentation is important, and so is content.
Presentation is important, however, the purpose of the presentation is convince and persuade.
Presentation is important.
Presentation IS important.
Presentation is in a clear straightforward manner.
Presentation is in a contemporary easy listening format.
Presentation is in outline format.
Presentation is in wide, deep plates dressed up with a scattering of chopped herbs around the rims.
Presentation is incomplete or presentation is poorly arranged.
Presentation is incomplete.
Presentation is informal, unpretentious and entertaining.
Presentation is informative and well planned.
Presentation is informative and well-planned.
Presentation is intended for an advanced technical audience.
Presentation is interesting and captures the audience's attention.
Presentation is interesting and is delivered in a logical order.
Presentation is interesting.
Presentation is just as important as content on a focused, error-free resume.
Presentation is just as important as content.
Presentation is key - headings, job titles, and spacing attract the reader's attention.
Presentation is key to fine dining.
Presentation is key.
Presentation is layout.
Presentation is less important than navigation.
Presentation is located in conferences.
Presentation is located in meetings.
Presentation is logical and well organized.
Presentation is logical, and sequence of ideas is clear.
Presentation is made at the annual honors and awards program.
Presentation is marvelous.
Presentation is more important than synthesis.
Presentation is more likely to be atypical in very young, very old, and pregnant patients.
Presentation is mostly well organized and group members contribute.
Presentation is moved from the selected element to the document header, defining a new CSS rule.
Presentation is much more important than bait selection.
Presentation is neat and concise with additional sheets clean and attached.
Presentation is neat, organized, and smoothly communicated.
Presentation is nice though.
Presentation is nice, simple, yet complete.
Presentation is noteworthy here.
Presentation is nothing to write home about but the atmosphere is casual.
Presentation is now available .
Presentation is obviously one of the most important factors in admission.
Presentation is of a high standard, with some nice opening animations for each stage.
Presentation is often as important as content.
Presentation is on the whole a credit.
Presentation is on topic.
Presentation is only the mechanism.
Presentation is organized and understandable.
Presentation is organized, and the actors know their roles with only one or two minor mistakes.
Presentation is organized, interesting, involves all group members, and is delivered competently.
Presentation is oriented toward majors in the chemical sciences.
Presentation is original, creative, accurate, and makes excellent use of technology.
Presentation is our final presentation.
Presentation is our model for non-conceptual thought.
Presentation is outstanding.
Presentation is particularly important when work is to be displayed.
Presentation is positions.
Presentation is professional and well laid out.
Presentation is proposals.
Presentation is really the key to a successful website.
Presentation is resplendent, and the information is orderly and easy to access.
Presentation is saved.
Presentation is scheduled in the last week of the semester.
Presentation is secondary to worthy content.
Presentation is shows.
Presentation is simple, but appealing to the eye.
Presentation is simple, but the kitchen staff does attempt to delight the eye.
Presentation is slick, too.
Presentation is so important in today's competitive marketplace.
Presentation is so key.
Presentation is somewhat organized and is easy to understand.
Presentation is somewhat original, creative, accurate, and makes good use of technology.
Presentation is somewhat useful.
Presentation is straightforward, with use of standard symbols.
Presentation is tasteful.
Presentation is the end result.
Presentation is the heart of training.
Presentation is the issue.
Presentation is the key and it is as user friendly as possible.
Presentation is the key to a successful website.
Presentation is the key to getting steelhead to take a fly.
Presentation is the key to successful baitfishing.
Presentation is the key.
Presentation is the most important aspect of any study.
Presentation is the only real issue now.
Presentation is the part of the fetus presenting for birth.
Presentation is the purview of the user, content of the author.
Presentation is the result of a group effort, but only some members of the group contributed.
Presentation is the selling point, so make a splash.
Presentation is the thing.
Presentation is thorough and student uses a limited repetoire of routines.
Presentation is three fourths of the sale.
Presentation is through videos, lectures, discussion, and written test.
Presentation is to a teaching portfolio as location is to real estate.
Presentation is to cover the main points of the article or features of the software.
Presentation is to include a full disclosure of the project plan with costs.
Presentation is top notch.
Presentation is unacceptable and shows little effort.
Presentation is unclear.
Presentation is understandable but hard to follow.
Presentation is understandable by the audience.
Presentation is undertaken by everyone involved.
Presentation is unique and visually outstanding.
Presentation is useful.
Presentation is usually accurate and uses some technology.
Presentation is usually with heart failure which is often progressive.
Presentation is usually with heart failure.
Presentation is very bland being a dos text based program.
Presentation is very enthusiastic.
Presentation is very important too.
Presentation is very important, especially on the internet.
Presentation is very important.
Presentation is very passionate and encouraging.
Presentation is very straight- forward.
Presentation is vital with jig fishing.
Presentation is vital.
Presentation is well developed.
Presentation is well organized and designed.
Presentation is well organized and group members contribute their strengths.
Presentation is well organized and provides meaningful results.
Presentation is well organized with a beginning, middle and end.
Presentation is well organized.
Presentation is well planned and informative.
Presentation is well planned and organized.
Presentation is well-organized with a beginning, middle and end.
Presentation is what intimates the experiential dimension of the reproduced.
Presentation is where the end-user meets the data.
Presentation isa activity.
Presentation Keep the language, format and content of the workshop simple.
Presentation Knows how to use the computer to design a presentation for disseminating information.
Presentation lacks effort.
Presentation lacks focus and organization.
Presentation lacks preparation.
Presentation lacks quality and attention to detail.
Presentation leads to a variety of student activities.
Presentation leads to student research project focusing on careers.
Presentation leads to student research project.
Presentation leads to student science experiment.
Presentation Learn about the types, uses, and criteria for selecting sorbents.
Presentation makes good use of subheads, new briefs, and quote or definition boxes.
Presentation means a lot but flavor is number one.
Presentation means a lot.
Presentation meets criteria.
Presentation meets objectives, is persuasive, tactful, and appropriate to audience.
Presentation needs improvement.
Presentation needs to be creative, original, and capture the attention of the audience.
Presentation occurs at several levels.
Presentation occurs with a painless abdominal mass.
Presentation offers education.
Presentation offers experience.
Presentation offers software downloads and skins.
Presentation places Nazarene missions in context of Christian missions and global evangelization.
Presentation Presenting ideas is critical.
Presentation presents facts and statements with limited understanding.
Presentation provides highlights only.
Presentation provides opportunity.
Presentation provides valuable opportunity.
Presentation Put it together neatly.
Presentation reads directly from paper.
Presentation really is everything.
Presentation Refer to the general comments.
Presentation refers to the display of content and the user's interaction with mobile applications.
Presentation reflects a clearly substantial effort and covers all materials in the assignment.
Presentation reflects depth of research and understanding of the topic.
Presentation reflects general understanding of content area.
Presentation reflects limited understanding of original concepts and limited creativity.
Presentation reflects no more than a casual attempt to satisfy the assignment.
Presentation Remove fruits from syrup, remove any peach pits.
Presentation renderings .
Presentation requires a host of variables that are quite easy to understand.
Presentation scores high for simplicity and ease of use.
Presentation show some energy, some spark.
Presentation show superior organization.
Presentation show very little creativity.
Presentation shows a good amount of organization and all members know their parts.
Presentation shows adequate planning and is understandable.
Presentation shows clear understanding of each topic in the culture.
Presentation shows detailed planning and is very clear.
Presentation shows details.
Presentation shows evidence of organization.
Presentation shows general understanding of each topic in the culture.
Presentation shows little organization.
Presentation shows minimal planning and is only somewhat understandable.
Presentation shows no creativity.
Presentation shows no interest in topic inaccurate information and disorganized in presentation.
Presentation shows some understanding of each topic in the culture.
Presentation shows some understanding.
Presentation simply denotes notice of the claim to the personal representative.
Presentation skills a plus.
Presentation slides for a quick overview.
Presentation slides to help explain the new business to investors and bankers.
Presentation Speak loudly and clearly.
Presentation Speak slowly and clearly.
Presentation Stand alone card.
Presentation still take place, and the researchers also use Memphis to gather key findings.
Presentation supports .
Presentation Supports Review the on-line lesson and complete the practice examination.
Presentation tags only.
Presentation Take one paper as a starting point.
Presentation targets parents of children from pre-school through fifth grade.
Presentation tends to be contemporary.
Presentation Translates data formats and adds encryption.
Presentation Use the following documentation to create a version of the demonstration pages .
Presentation Use to develop visuals for a speech or other class presentation.
Presentation Uses a data projector.
Presentation varies greatly, depending on the size and location of the hemorrhage.
Presentation varies remarkably depending on the complication being observed.
Presentations accompanied by demonstrations are especially welcome.
Presentations accompany most papers.
Presentations address basic science and clinical cardiology issues.
Presentations address the effects of environmental estrogens on puberty in young children.
Presentations addressing other areas of general interest are equally welcome.
Presentations also are available for siblings and school faculty.
Presentations also take the form of performances of original songs or compositions.
Presentations are a further empowering tool that the Circles according to their templates promote.
Presentations are a series of slides and each slide is composed of layers.
Presentations are a vital skill for leaders.
Presentations are about one hour in length, and can be modified to meet the needs of the audience.
Presentations are actual classroom lectures complete with student questions and discussions.
Presentations are actually groups of one or more pages of information called slides.
Presentations are adaptable for small classroom to large theatrical sites.
Presentations are age appropriate.
Presentations are also available during weekends and holidays.
Presentations are also available in Spanish.
Presentations are also available including slide shows, fashion shows, lectures and video programs.
Presentations are also available to parent and teacher groups and various service organizations.
Presentations are always available by the department for organizations or residence halls.
Presentations are always available.
Presentations are an excellent means of attracting the maximum number of students.
Presentations are an excellent way to become an expert over a given topic.
Presentations are an important component to the process.
Presentations are an important part of the engineering process.
Presentations are an organization's most direct communication effort.
Presentations are animated, please use arrow keys to advance through each slide's animation.
Presentations are approximately forty minutes long followed by questions from the audience.
Presentations are approximately seven minutes each and are concise and easy to understand.
Presentations are artistic enough to stop conversation when they're placed on the table.
Presentations are as animated and interactive as the presenter's imagination allows.
Presentations are attractive.
Presentations are available and can be E-mailed.
Presentations are available at no charge to any interested community group or organization.
Presentations are available at no charge to interested television stations in the upper Midwest.
Presentations are available during orientation and throughout the year.
Presentations are available for all age groups and audience sizes.
Presentations are available for any interested group, organization, or agency.
Presentations are available for download.
Presentations are available for schools, adult groups and youth groups.
Presentations are available for viewing during and two hours after the event.
Presentations are available free of charge.
Presentations are available in the abstract view to eligible participants.
Presentations are available now at our ftp site .
Presentations are available on a variety of biology topics including marine ecology and genetics.
Presentations are available on local wildlife, habitats, and land use.
Presentations are available on weekdays as well as on weekends and evenings.
Presentations are available to all community groups.
Presentations are available to civic groups, neighborhood associations and schools.
Presentations are available to classes and groups on various topics.
Presentations are available to classes at no cost.
Presentations are available to download.
Presentations are available to the public and industry groups upon request.
Presentations are available upon request, by interested parties or persons.
Presentations are available.
Presentations are beautiful, and entrees are always just right for the season.
Presentations are beautiful, service is excellent.
Presentations are brief and to the point.
Presentations are by advanced graduate students, postdoctoral fellows and faculty.
Presentations are by college faculty and guest speakers.
Presentations are by experienced leaders in the field.
Presentations are by invitation only, after a review of submitted abstracts.
Presentations are by invitation only.
Presentations are by Northeastern faculty members and students and by visitors.
Presentations are case based, use computer presentation skills, and include a brief manuscript.
Presentations are clearly visible on the screen.
Presentations are custom designed to meet the needs of the classroom teacher.
Presentations are custom-designed to target key ideas and themes of conferences and meetings.
Presentations are due as assigned.
Presentations are due next class.
Presentations are due on the day assigned.
Presentations are due.
Presentations are easily editable and can be rapidly adapted for different purposes.
Presentations are easy now.
Presentations are effective ways to disseminate information.
Presentations are either lectures or performances.
Presentations are either oral or poster in format.
Presentations are every hour on the hour.
Presentations are exceptionally clear, complete, well organized, and concise.
Presentations are flexible and are designed to meet the special needs of the audience.
Presentations are flexible in format, using an interactive approach.
Presentations are for personal use only.
Presentations are formal or informal, although there are many levels of formality and informality.
Presentations are forty-five minutes to one hour in length.
Presentations are free and open to the public.
Presentations are free and the public is welcome.
Presentations are free but reservations are required.
Presentations are free of charge .
Presentations are free of charge.
Presentations are free There is no charge to organizations requesting a speaker.
Presentations are free.
Presentations are Free.
Presentations are fun, but preparation is stressful.
Presentations are generally one to two hours in length.
Presentations are generally professional and somewhat original.
Presentations are important for various reasons.
Presentations are important.
Presentations are in English unless otherwise indicated.
Presentations are in the form of running computer programs.
Presentations are individual papers to be presented either in a paper or poster session.
Presentations are informal and allow time for questions and exchange of ideas.
Presentations are informal and discussion is stimulating.
Presentations are informal and usually employ an overhead projector.
Presentations are informal using a variety of teaching methods depending on the speaker and setting.
Presentations are informal, and encourage questions.
Presentations are informal.
Presentations are informative and well supported.
Presentations are interactive and hands-on.
Presentations are interactive with exercises, quizzes, role play, videos and discussions.
Presentations are interesting and challenging.
Presentations are like stories.
Presentations are limited to twenty minutes.
Presentations are lively and interactive with hands on demonstrations and informative handouts.
Presentations are made by PRPs who tell their story and similar training are keys to success.
Presentations are made by students, faculty and outside speakers and group discussion is encouraged.
Presentations are materials drawn from public seminars and training sessions.
Presentations are methodical and clear .
Presentations are more important than the speeches.
Presentations are more powerful.
Presentations are much more accurate than before.
Presentations are much more human than that.
Presentations are multimedia and intended for high school teachers and administrators.
Presentations are no different.
Presentations are nonreturnable.
Presentations are nothing more than outlines.
Presentations are now available for download.
Presentations are now available from the workshop programme .
Presentations are now available.
Presentations are on abortion, euthanasia, and infanticide from legal, moral, and medical aspects.
Presentations are on the basis of structure, function and interaction.
Presentations are on-going.
Presentations are open only to the participating teams, judges, and organizing staff.
Presentations are open to all ages and are limited to two minutes.
Presentations are open to all attendees.
Presentations are open to all interested members of the public at no fee.
Presentations are open to students in all skill levels.
Presentations are open to the public and free of charge .
Presentations are open to the public and high school students from the region are invited to attend.
Presentations are open to the public.
Presentations are our business.
Presentations are our specialty.
Presentations are peer-reviewed by teachers who have a strong background in computer applications.
Presentations are pre-purchased books, usually new, offered by individuals or organizations.
Presentations are professional, original and engaging.
Presentations are real and reflect what kids are actually doing.
Presentations are rich in content and delivered in a highly interactive manner.
Presentations are short and attendees have limited attention spans.
Presentations are short, concrete, and highly visual.
Presentations are similar - a well designed background can lend immense value to the final product.
Presentations are similar in format to case conferences.
Presentations are subject to change prior to the conference.
Presentations are subject to limited availability because of the proprietary nature of the material.
Presentations are tailor made for the audiences.
Presentations are tentative and subject to change.
Presentations are to be an extension of a response essay.
Presentations are to be delivered both live, using multimedia resources, and in printed format.
Presentations are to be in English.
Presentations are to be no longer than five minutes.
Presentations are to be organized logically and presented in a professional manner.
Presentations are to be original in design and content.
Presentations are to be planned and coordinated with other students having the same assignment.
Presentations are to be planned and delivered in a ten-minute time frame.
Presentations are to have useful, informative content.
Presentations are to include the following.
Presentations are tomorrow.
Presentations are usually a mix of slides and video.
Presentations are usually an hour long.
Presentations are usually clear, complete, and reasonably organized.
Presentations are usually in the form of panels, movies or speakers.
Presentations are usually less than a minute.
Presentations are usually with heart failure.
Presentations are video-taped so that feedback can be given.
Presentations are video-taped, and there is verbal feedback from group.
Presentations are visual and verbal explanations of the designer's ideas.
Presentations are welcome on research, applications, or other useful information.
Presentations are welcome.
Presentations are well-organized and inventive.
Presentations are without slides to encourage discussion.
Presentations are worry free with an auto-setup command that allows for quick and easy starts.
Presentations based on actual experience in policy implementation are welcome.
Presentations become jerky.
Presentations begin and end with examples of children's artwork . . .
Presentations begin at noon and last an hour.
Presentations begin during the week of new student orientation and continue throughout the year.
Presentations begin on the half hour.
Presentations begin on the hour and half hour.
Presentations begin on the hour.
Presentations begin one hour before every performance.
Presentations begin promptly at noon.
Presentations begin promptly at the scheduled time.
Presentations begin that evening.
Presentations begin the next day.
Presentations begin with a brief overview of the consequences of motor vehicle trauma.
Presentations boast a scenic and relaxing background view of the battlefield.
Presentations can address the main theme in many ways.
Presentations can be an effective way to enhance the cultural life of a community.
Presentations can be an effective way to enhance the cultural life of the community.
Presentations can be as short as thirty minutes.
Presentations can be as simple as a sequence of images shown at maximum screen size.
Presentations can be as simple as choosing and arranging full screen images.
Presentations can be by either a few students or an entire group.
Presentations can be by local Ph.D. students, visiting professors, or whoever.
Presentations can be either a concurrent session or a round table discussion.
Presentations can be from one hour to full day.
Presentations can be in any form the students like - drama, dressup, bulletin board, etc.
Presentations can be in either English or Spanish.
Presentations can be in lecture or poster format.
Presentations can be in small, intimate rooms or in large auditoriums.
Presentations can be in the form of environmental days, classroom visits or school assemblies.
Presentations can be in the form of news reports on the changes over time in a neighborhood.
Presentations can be in written or graphic form.
Presentations can be individual, or group based.
Presentations can be more attractive than via fax.
Presentations can be no longer than twelve minutes.
Presentations can be open to the general public or designed for specific audiences.
Presentations can be self running programs from an executable or can be run manually by a lecturer.
Presentations can be talks, posters, demonstrations, exhibitions, performances, etc.
Presentations can be the making of a video tape, a dramatic enactment, role-playing, debate.
Presentations can be the making of a video tape, a dramatic enactment, role-playing, etc.
Presentations can be very exciting and interesting when done well, and painful when done poorly.
Presentations can benefit from the beginning with a formal agenda listing the points to be covered.
Presentations can can include lecture outlines, graphics, audio and video.
Presentations can consume a lot of time.
Presentations can contain animation, music, voice and video sequences.
Presentations can either be a poster or an oral presentation.
Presentations can include a summary of work accomplished, work in progress, or work planned.
Presentations can include appropriate videos.
Presentations can include digital images, and they can be easily updated.
Presentations can include graphics, pictures, hyperlinks to pertinent sites.
Presentations can include information on the economy and on quality of life issues.
Presentations can include live demonstrations.
Presentations can include other information such as models, myths, music, movies, etc.
Presentations can include re-enactments.
Presentations can include video, audio, graphics, and text.
Presentations can inform, persuade, educate, and motivate.
Presentations can range from one to six hours, and are non- proprietary.
Presentations can save runtime slide shows to HTML format.
Presentations can save travel costs but don t benefit the customer .
Presentations can take a form of a paper, a demonstration, a workshop or a poster display.
Presentations can take the form of an academic paper or an innovative media presentation.
Presentations can vary in length also.
Presentations can vary in length to fit the available timeframe.
Presentations can vary in length.
Presentations Check in at the booth for exact presentation times.
Presentations clearly convey information.
Presentations conform to the audience, time constraints and special interests of the group.
Presentations consist of a short lecture, usually accompanied by a slide show.
Presentations consist of a talk with slides, handouts and a question and answer period.
Presentations consisting mostly of text are more appropriate as papers.
Presentations contain a didactic segment, and as appropriate, are interactive.
Presentations continue on day of final.
Presentations cover a variety of topics and anatomical regions.
Presentations cover a wide variety of contemporary topics.
Presentations cover a wide variety of subjects.
Presentations cover admissions, academics, campus life, costs, and other important topics.
Presentations cover current technologies, public policy issues and interconnection issues.
Presentations cover economic development, planning and design as well as cultural issues.
Presentations cover features such as footnotes, tables, and the equation editor.
Presentations cover theoretical developments as well as industrial and commercial applications.
Presentations cover widely accepted concepts, tools and techniques.
Presentations demonstrate communication skills and applied technology.
Presentations describe and evaluate whole systems rather than specific practices.
Presentations describe, to instruct, to persuade or to entertain.
Presentations Develop open-ended questions to qualify leads.
Presentations encourage children to become careful listeners and responsible soundmakers.
Presentations explore conflict resolution within diverse contexts.
Presentations explore the next five years of small tech solutions and applications.
Presentations focus on key aspects of life as a public company.
Presentations focus on regions, countries or issues.
Presentations focus on specific writing assignments or questions.
Presentations focus on the practical application of mathematical programming techniques.
Presentations form the most recent workshop are available .
Presentations generally last up to one hour with time for questions and answers recommended.
Presentations happen at schools, special events, and parties.
Presentations have to be held in the English language.
Presentations have yet to be determined.
Presentations increase in length and complexity throughout the book.
Presentations introduces a whole new way of doing business.
Presentations involve country promotions.
Presentations involve the use of puppets, video and discussion time.
Presentations is a graphics program which includes drawing, graph and slide show features.
Presentations is the voice of the presentations market.
Presentations Join a virtual presentation.
Presentations leave room for improvement .
Presentations Look up future workshops and sessions.
Presentations made at the research meetings focus on research findings and new directions.
Presentations Making a presentation is simple.
Presentations occur at the front of a class arranged in a circle.
Presentations occur continually.
Presentations occur in the morning and are brief to accommodate as many presentations as possible.
Presentations planned for autumn semester are as follows.
Presentations plant the flag and publications and products ensure credit and recognition.
Presentations play an important part in many business and professional fields.
Presentations Play in teacher education programs.
Presentations Prepare well and practice.
Presentations provide a quality control check on the selection process.
Presentations Provides students, or a group of students, with space to share documents.
Presentations range from asymptomatic pits in the intergluteal region to painful draining lesions.
Presentations range from asymptomatic pits in the intergluteal region, to painful draining lesions.
Presentations range from one hour keynote addresses to two day seminar programs.
Presentations range from one person dialogues to major productions involving dozens of people.
Presentations range from poetry and music to medleys and dances.
Presentations range from statistical theory and methods to quality control to case studies.
Presentations range from teaching with the Web to discussions of workload burnout.
Presentations range in educational levels from kindergarten to adult.
Presentations read from technical papers come across as dull and monotonous.
Presentations Read more about the individual presentations and their topics.
Presentations regarding all time periods and all parts of the region are welcome.
Presentations remain basic.
Presentations represent a diverse group of plant and animal species.
Presentations require students to prepare writing for oral, and possibly visual, presentation.
Presentations See a separate page .
Presentations show how to use various databases that meet immediate student informational needs.
Presentations Sit back and relax.
Presentations span a variety of systems, ranging from arid desert to mesic forest.
Presentations span all grade levels, expertise levels and platforms.
Presentations start on time and there is no late seating .
Presentations start tomorrow.
Presentations start week four.
Presentations support different communication, learning and decision making preferences.
Presentations take less time, too, since the software is already set up.
Presentations take place at the school site.
Presentations take place in the final two weeks.
Presentations take place in the spring.
Presentations take place.
Presentations take time and patience to prepare so please order well in advance.
Presentations talk Stratified flow in the presence of large amplitude topography.
Presentations tend toward the informal and attendance is never mandatory.
Presentations There are three presentations to give during the semester.
Presentations typically vary from member to member.
Presentations use either the generic scoresheet or specific scoresheets for their category.
Presentations using computers are up.
Presentations utilize vibrant and colorful costumes depicting the cultural aspects of the region.
Presentations vary and are age appropriate.
Presentations vary from completed dissertations to research proposals.
Presentations vary from hr to an hour.
Presentations vary in length and include instructional materials.
Presentations vary in related subject matter.
Presentations View current and past corporate and financial presentations.
Presentation Always wrap a gift before giving it.
Presentations often consist of slides on the main points accompanied by short audio segments.
Presentations often fall during school hours and on weekends.
All presentation are free .
All presentation essays .
All presentations are a noon and last for one hour.
All presentations are applications based.
All presentations are appropriate keynote presentations.
All presentations are available below.
All presentations are available in one hour, half day, and full day programs.
All presentations are available there.
All presentations are available to students, frequently at bargain prices.
All presentations are brief.
All presentations are by national health care experts.
All presentations are dependent on speaker availability.
All presentations are dependent on speaker's availibility.
All presentations are exact reprints of the original article.
All presentations are for educational purposes only.
All presentations are free and open to everyone.
All presentations are free and open to the public see calendar for details.
All presentations are free and open to the public.
All presentations are free of charge and open to the general public.
All presentations are free of charge and open to the public.
All presentations are free of charge.
All presentations are free open to the public.
All presentations are free to attendees.
All presentations are free to the public.
All presentations are free with purchase of exhibit hall passes.
All presentations are free.
All presentations are in English.
All presentations are in non-technical language.
All presentations are in the form of Web pages.
All presentations are live and feature nationally known lawyers, judges, and professors.
All presentations are live unless noted by an asterisk.
All presentations are open to all participants.
All presentations are open to members of the university community.
All presentations are open to the public at no charge.
All presentations are open to the public.
All presentations are pdf-files.
All presentations are self-extracting zip files.
All presentations are solo or single projects.
All presentations are still available and are maintained on a web server of the project coordinator.
All presentations are subject to approval from the program committee and independent review.
All presentations are subject to change.
All presentations are subject to personnel availability.
All presentations are subject to space limitations and are on a first come, first served basis.
All presentations are subject to speaker availability.
All presentations are suitable for children and adults.
All presentations are tape-recorded.
All presentations are technical in nature.
All presentations focus material for direct application in hands-on counseling situations.
All presentations follow the fundamental rules of acoustics, screen width and viewing distance.
All presentations have a common objective.
All presentations have speech.
All presentations integrate technology applications with print and nonprint resources.
All presentations involve audience participation, unless otherwise requested.
All presentations listed here are available for downloading .
All presentations take about one hour.
All presentations teach respect and understanding for all animals, especially companion animals.
Any presentation is an effort to persuade.
Every presentation usually includes the author's name and email address.
Every presentation contains at least one slide master.
Every presentation has a slide master that controls the overall appearance and layout of each slide.
Every presentation includes a special gift for the birthday child and party favors for each guest.
Every presentation is a happening, a new creation, it is governed only by the interesting.
Every presentation is tailored to meet the specific objective of the sponsoring organization.
Every presentation is there, including all the slides.
Every presentation needs a clear purpose or a theme.
Every presentation receives high marks for delivery, content and usefulness.
Every presentation seems to be a unique and largely unpredictable experience.
Many presentations are also available in Spanish.
Many presentations are available in either English or Spanish.
Many presentations are available in seminar format.
Many presentations contain color graphics.
Many presentations correspond with a similar screening.
Many presentations run concurrently.
More presentation dates on tour .
Most presentation covers topics.
Most presentation draws attention.
Most presentation draws further attention.
Most presentation focuses on ideas.
Most presentation follows logic.
Most presentation has effects.
Most presentation includes details.
Most presentation includes examples.
Most presentation includes images.
Most presentation introduces concepts.
Most presentation offers education.
Most presentation offers experience.
Most presentation provides opportunity.
Most presentation provides valuable opportunity.
Most presentation shows details.
Most presentations are about twenty minutes long.
Most presentations are available with speaking notes if required.
Most presentations are either experimental in nature or works in progress.
Most presentations are events that conclude with the ovation.
Most presentations are in English.
Most presentations are linear and give viewers no choice about what they see.
Most presentations are moderately technically oriented, normally at the system or application level.
Most presentations are on-campus ones, such as poster presentations at family weekend.
Most presentations are open for attendance by area business representatives.
Most presentations are to educational groups and or social service oriented groups.
Most presentations are too long, too slick, and too convoluted.
Most presentations emphasize ecology and biogeography of native plants in the field.
Most presentations lend themselves to augmentation with visual aides.
Most presentations sponsored by the program are open to the public.
Some presentation affects children.
Some presentation consists of diarrhea.
Some presentation contributes to themes.
Some presentation depends on requirements.
Some presentation emphasizes notions.
Some presentation focuses on canine reproduction.
Some presentation focuses on reproduction.
Some presentation illustrates classifications.
Some presentation includes members.
Some presentation meets requirements.
Some presentation provides gods.
Some presentations advance automatically.
Some presentations are also available here.
Some presentations are better than others.
Some presentations are extremely subtle, particularly in the early stages.
Some presentations are in English.
Some presentations are in pdf format.
Some presentations are more useful and instructive than others.
Some presentations are now online.
Some presentations are primarily audience interaction, so there is no formal presentation to post.
Some presentations are very unstructured.
Some presentations benefit from using a photograph or single graphic as a background image.
Some presentations don t succeed because the presenter refuses to negotiate.
Some presentations look great on the monitor but are impossible to read when printed on paper.
Some presentations require the distribution to students of brief written reports.
Some presentations take place at universities other than Victoria.
Presentational data is data, too.
Presentational excellence is the benchmark of the future.
Presented articles are just as testable as required readings.
Presented errors are only statistical and are given by the light yield spectrum fit.
Presented opportunities are for the internet business without financial investments and free.
Presented papers are available online, either in full text or abstract.
Presented product features in a professional, accurate manner.
Presented results are consistent for all the events studied.
A presenter is an advocate
Presenter answers questions thoroughly and clearly.
Presenter can answer questions.
Presenter can ask about a particular aspect and then spin off a bit of information about it.
Presenter can check and update presentation data at the last minute.
Presenter can clearly summarize the body of work.
Presenter gives required information but has some inaccuracies.
Presenter has the ability to describe how data was collected and analyzed.
Presenter is active in discussion and responsive to questions.
Presenter is attentive to all other presenters.
Presenter is attentive to few of the other presenters.
Presenter is attentive to most of the other presenters.
Presenter is attentive to none of the other presenters.
Presenter is attentive to some of the other presenters.
Presenter is available for discussion.
Presenter is in bold.
Presenter is neatly and appropriately dressed, hair is neat, hands, and nails are clean.
Presenter is responsible for preparation and reproduction of handout.
Presenter is the narrator.
Presenter is the smallest most compact screen available.
Presenter is underlined.
Presenter lacks confidence, knowledge of subject and enthusiasm.
Presenter Make any corrections to the reviewed materials.
Presenter makes constant eye contact with audience.
Presenter needs to be able to keep the discussion on track.
Presenter provides handouts with project design and activities samples.
Presenter receives a copy of proceedings in book or CD form.
Presenter seems to have an outstanding grasp of requirements for role.
Presenter seems uncomfortable and can be heard only if listener is very attentive.
Presenter shows evidence of having rehearsed the production.
Presenter shows mastery of the workshop topic.
Presenter speaks in a voice that is easily heard and speaks to an entire audience.
Presenter speaks slowly, demonstrates project, and asks for questions.
Presenter suggests implications for instruction.
Presenter Use plastic thermometers to record the temperature both inside and outside the classroom.
Presenter uses interesting and creative ways to keep the audiences' attention.
Presenter wishes to be very helpful and willing to have literature available.
Presenters add the critiques and their replies to their purpose document.
Presenters address topics from the adoptive parent's perspective and give practical information.
Presenters also are available to answer questions related to their sessions.
Presenters also consider the roles of content and interest in language learning.
Presenters also discuss tools for addressing sexism, racism and classism during meetings.
Presenters also get free registration and ten additional licensure points.
Presenters also make use of the lecture method, largely in the presentation of new concepts.
Presenters also provide methods to organize and manage electronic student work, graphics, and files.
Presenters are able to use overhead, computer projection, or slides.
Presenters are advocates.
Presenters are artists, historians, archaeologists, etc.
Presenters are available for discussion during the specified time.
Presenters are available for discussion.
Presenters are available in a large variety of proficiencies and fees.
Presenters are both from the school staff and community.
Presenters are communicators.
Presenters are difficult to hear.
Presenters are eligible for a reduced registration fee.
Presenters are executives from private industry, noted scholars, or government officials.
Presenters are experts from equipment manufacturers, consultants and utilities.
Presenters are experts from utilities, consultants and academia.
Presenters are experts in their field and are from local Black Hills communities.
Presenters are experts in their fields.
Presenters are free to choose their language of preference.
Presenters are from the area business community.
Presenters are from Trinidad and Guyana.
Presenters are furnished display in the meeting room.
Presenters are health educators, nurses, physical therapists, and social workers.
Presenters are in charge of doing the talking at the end.
Presenters are knowledgeable of current trends, future threats, and effective response.
Presenters are limited to one accepted paper.
Presenters are located in demonstrations.
Presenters are nurses, pharmacists, attorneys and social workers.
Presenters are of diverse ethnic backgrounds.
Presenters are on hand to answer questions during the scheduled session time.
Presenters are qualified counselors and tax personnel in all areas of business requirements.
Presenters are qualified in the defined content area.
Presenters are responsible for all theor own travel expenses.
Presenters are responsible for any additional equipment.
Presenters are responsible for any copying cost incurred.
Presenters are responsible for any copying costs incurred.
Presenters are responsible for bringing their own display boards.
Presenters are responsible for bringing their own laptops.
Presenters are responsible for bringing their own supplies, including push pins.
Presenters are responsible for hotel and travel expenses.
Presenters are responsible for making their own travel arrangements.
Presenters are responsible for notifying any co-authors.
Presenters are responsible for preparing their chambers for slides.
Presenters are responsible for providing copies of any hand-outs.
Presenters are responsible for providing copies of overheads and other handouts.
Presenters are responsible for providing laptop computers, if needed.
Presenters are responsible for providing session handouts.
Presenters are responsible for providing sufficient handouts for their audience.
Presenters are responsible for providing their own printed handouts.
Presenters are responsible for reproducing their own handouts .
Presenters are responsible for reproducing their own handouts.
Presenters are responsible for securing accommodations.
Presenters are responsible for the transportation, set-up, and removal of their presentation.
Presenters are responsible for their own travel expenses.
Presenters are subject matter experts in their field and many are nationally know leaders.
Presenters are subject matter experts in their field.
Presenters are the hosts of programs.
Presenters are to use delivery techniques that promote interaction with the audience.
Presenters are unpaid volunteers who seem to be well paid in appreciation.
Presenters are very willing to adapt to each situation.
Presenters are, for the most part, quite restrained in their portrayal of new religious movements.
Presenters are, of course, free to bring their own special equipment whenever necessary.
Presenters attend the conference free of charge.
Presenters automatically qualify for a special presenters rate.
Presenters briefly discuss three studies related to building rapport in on-line instruction.
Presenters bring their own computers to smart rooms for a variety of reasons.
Presenters can add text comments to the presentation as they progress through each slide.
Presenters can also address a wide variety of customized topics.
Presenters can also bring their own portables.
Presenters can also connect their own portable computers to the projector.
Presenters can also downlink school checklist and presentation critique forms.
Presenters can also view previous slides with a simple backward-touch gesture.
Presenters can bring slides or specimens, and lead hands-on activities.
Presenters can control all equipment through a single, easy to use touchpad.
Presenters can determine the mode of presentation.
Presenters can easily push slides via the internet as they become relevant during the presentation.
Presenters can easily transfer, review, edit, or rearrange files via the projector.
Presenters can find out about funding and more in Hiring Traditional Artists .
Presenters can give their speech from the multimedia console.
Presenters can indicate the preferred time slot in their application form.
Presenters can makeuse of the wall mounted x-ray viewers and a dry marker illustration board.
Presenters can meet chemists interested in the same research area.
Presenters can meet with groups of student teachers on any California campus.
Presenters can now communicate to large audiences with ease.
Presenters can schedule an unlimited number of meetings using the service.
Presenters can see on their Palm a thumbnail picture and the notes for the current slide.
Presenters can see the presentation guidelines .
Presenters can set up a virtual office to store presentation-related information.
Presenters can upload slides whenever they can enter a meeting.
Presenters charge admission at their own discretion.
Presenters come from around the world sharing their knowledge and experience in medicine.
Presenters come from Minnesota and around the world.
Presenters come from North Carolina and around the country.
Presenters concentrate on vocational, high school, middle, and elementary schools.
Presenters conclude with next steps in their research, based on analyses of collected data.
Presenters consist of a priest, and two couples.
Presenters demonstrate or discuss innovative classroom uses of technology or works in progress.
Presenters demonstrate two role-plays.
Presenters detail information regarding the effectiveness of certain types of prevention strategies.
Presenters detail in-service activities, share differentiated lessons, and report student outcomes.
Presenters discuss a wide range of topics related to education.
Presenters discuss findings of three futures research projects and identify key choices.
Presenters discuss innovative projects and difficulties and suggest options.
Presenters discuss procedures for ensuring valid and reliable assessments.
Presenters discuss the purpose of their program and why it is beneficial to today's youth.
Presenters discuss the study and seek input on effective ways to share results.
Presenters distribute materials and resources.
Presenters draw and write on slides during the live presentation and bring up Web pages.
Presenters encourage audience participation and questions.
Presenters enrich exhibits with interactive programs related to the theme of the exhibit.
Presenters exemplify characteristics that make programs successful, based on a national study.
Presenters explain how to bring poetry to a teen audience.
Presenters explain the rights of observers and how to access legal help.
Presenters fill in gaps or add clarifying thoughts.
Presenters focus on our mutual journey toward spiritual, emotional and intellectual health.
Presenters gain confidence in mastering material.
Presenters get an opportunity for peer review from the discussant and all the meeting participants.
Presenters get in free.
Presenters get to attend the conference for free.
Presenters give conferences based upon Scripture and spiritual tradition in a group setting.
Presenters Go to information on past conferences.
Presenters have a tendency to be too tense to eat anything prior to the meeting.
Presenters have complete control on the number of participants, the age range and the topic.
Presenters have expert knowledge in a variety of malpractice areas.
Presenters have full access and control of the installed multimedia equipment.
Presenters have professional presentation skills .
Presenters have the option of music theater presentation or recital format program.
Presenters have the option of requesting student volunteers to monitor the demo.
Presenters have to make key decisions about what media to use, and how to get their message across.
Presenters have to respond to that skepticism.
Presenters have to seem cool and in touch with youth culture.
Presenters help teachers explore the coast's kelp forest and the estuary's watershed.
Presenters introduce themselves and talk briefly about why they became UUs.
Presenters introduce topics which increase cultural understanding and promote constructive dialogue.
Presenters invite questions and provide opportunities for discussions.
Presenters invite questions during discussions.
Presenters know that they invariably get very little time to set up.
Presenters learn about their audiences from a variety of sources.
Presenters leave materials in the classroom for later review.
Presenters list questions or issues on one chart and record outcomes on the second.
Presenters make limited use of delivery techniques.
Presenters make travel arrangements to studio location.
Presenters make use of limited delivery techniques.
Presenters offer materials writers' and teacher trainers' perspectives from three continents.
Presenters operate the system by pointing and clicking with their fingers.
Presenters pay full registration for the conference.
Presenters provide an overview of facilitation skills, meeting tools, and consensus process.
Presenters provide an overview of procedures and equipment for legal observing at demonstrations.
Presenters provide an overview of the research process.
Presenters provide instruction and review the written work.
Presenters read their scripted lines and got off.
Presenters receive a complimentary lunch and waived conference fees.
Presenters receive a complimentary one-day conference registration.
Presenters receive a discounted registration.
Presenters receive complimentary conference registration.
Presenters receive free admission to the conference, including lunch both days.
Presenters receive free registration to the conference.
Presenters receive free registration.
Presenters remain silent.
Presenters represent a range of institutional settings and course levels.
Presenters represent a range of institutions across the country and abroad.
Presenters represent a wide-range of academic and practical experience in prevention.
Presenters request consideration of the report, and invite discussion and suggestions on it.
Presenters review the stages involved in the design and implementation of a new curriculum model.
Presenters rotate throughout the year.
Presenters say they used to bring a leotard or an evening gown to Detroit show auditions.
Presenters share a comprehensive approach to explicit vocabulary teaching.
Presenters share examples and experiences paving the path for electronic student services on campus.
Presenters share sample learning guides, teaching tips, and implementation concerns.
Presenters show an informative video that was filmed and produced right on our campus.
Presenters show enthusiasm for the topic and professional attitude .
Presenters show examples of effective use of videotape, photographs, and audiotape.
Presenters show how students use concept circles to facilitate independent reading.
Presenters show how to place text and graphics.
Presenters show innovative and exciting lessons created by teachers using a variety of technologies.
Presenters speak in a clear voice and show a flair for communicating with the audience.
Presenters speak in a clear voice.
Presenters stand near their posters and answer a variety of questions.
Presenters suggest ways for more solid applications of literary texts in language classrooms.
Presenters summarize the paper or research and lead a critical discussion and evaluation of it.
Presenters tend to take cues from the slides they are staring at.
Presenters typically give short papers.
Presenters use a poster-session style to demonstrate their material.
Presenters use a wireless pen to add notes, icons or audience comments to the projected image.
Presenters use any format and any additional materials necessary to convey their ideas.
Presenters use worked-out examples, visual aids, and manipulatives to reinforce concepts.
Presenters utilize an activity-based approach so all participants are involved.
Presenters often focus on imagery, motifs, tone, and take comparative approaches to the text.
Presenters often opt instead for the harpsichord, of course.
Presenters often presume too much from the public with the absence of program notes.
Presenters often use case studies to illustrate aspects of their message.
All presenters agree to provide their own computers and software for breakout sessions or seminars.
All presenters agree to provide their own computers and software for breakout sessions.
All presenters are available for interviews.
All presenters are community volunteers.
All presenters are highly skilled and come from the drilling industry.
All presenters are professionals and come highly recommended.
All presenters are responsible for providing their own materials.
All presenters are responsible for their own expenses for the forum.
All presenters are responsible for their own travel arrangements.
All presenters are volunteers.
All presenters are well-known professionals with experience.
All presenters are winners by their participation.
All presenters benefit from at least one practice run to feel confident about their presentations.
All presenters have extensive education and experience with children and families.
All presenters incorporate vibrant, colorful visual aids.
All presenters pause.
All presenters receive a copy of the conference proceedings.
All presenters receive a presenter address form.
All presenters seem to think so, although tastes in theory and empirical methods varied.
All presenters seem to think so, but L ffler expressed some serious doubts.
Many presenters often ignore the yawns and sighs of the audience.
Many presenters enjoy having a presider, who introduces the session.
Many presenters like to use laser pointers during their multimedia presentations.
Many presenters make the mistake of watching their own slide shows.
Most presenters are international students or faculty.
Most presenters have auditory teaching skills down but find it harder to use the tactile.
Most presenters ignore the importance of the room in which they are presenting.
Most presenters overuse slide transitions.
Most presenters take the room as a given rather than as an opportunity.
Most presenters take their jobs extremely seriously.
Most presenters wear business or professional attire for their presentations.
Some presenters are careful engineers hoping to attract investors.
Some presenters cross-over from broadcast journalism.
Some presenters have themes, or are looking for topical performance, or the latest fad.
Some presenters invite the audience to ask questions as they occur.
Some presenters love to be asked questions as they enjoy the exchanges with the audience.
Some presenters prefer to number the sections in sequence to guide the reader through the poster.
Some presenters purchase advertising but it's optional.
Some presenters sound like infomercials trying to sell additional services or products.
Some presenters still prefer to have the title in capital letters.
Some presenters try to cram too many slides into a speech.
Some presenters work in teams to research and present a given topic.
Presently actions aimed at finding and arresting the culprits are underway.
Presently data indicate that it is the causative agent for many ulcers.
Presently energy is produced by water and wind power .
Presently females have more scholarships than do men in all counterpart sports.
Presently females have more scholarships than men do in all counterpart sports.
Presently investors are apprehensive with the IT industry's growth.
Presently markets are under the regulation of the law.
Presently membership is closed although a waiting-list is being maintained.
Presently nature is creative, endowed with an organisation for manifestation.
Presently obesity is our major concern.
Presently population is about five million.
Presently students are physically next to the robot and can see exactly what it is doing.
Presently students have no input into the setting of tuition levels at the faculty.
Presentment warranties apply with no exception for holder in due course status.
Presentment is a due process
Presentment is the delivery of a check or draft to the drawee or the drawer for payment.
PresentPLUS offers live, interactive web conferencing and on-demand web casting hosted services.
Preseptal cellulitis appears as inflammatory changes involving the external soft tissues.
Preseptal cellulitis is an inflammation and infection of the eyelids, outside the orbital septum.
Preseptal cellulitis is cellulitis involving the external soft tissues and eyelid.
Preservation administrators thrive on system, orderly planning, neatness.
Preservation issues are large.
Preservation Park provides a forty-year window on Oakland architectural history.
Preservation also benefits our community economically.
Preservation also goes beyond personal economics.
Preservation also means to prepare, maintain or preserve for the future.
Preservation Apply appropriate methods of preservation and segregation of products.
Preservation becomes an issue when the physical condition of a book shows deterioration.
Preservation becomes concern.
Preservation begins as soon as an artwork is completed.
Preservation can begin with one building, one block, or one street.
Preservation continues with the students themselves.
Preservation demands migration to new software and hardware environments in the future.
Preservation destroys it.
Preservation eliminates the excessive waste of construction materials and resources.
Preservation encompasses the activities which prolong the usable life of archival records.
Preservation ensures that the materials customers desire remain accessible.
Preservation explains the continuance of the universe.
Preservation filming vs. digitization reformatting is an as yet unresolved issue.
Preservation focuses on resource protection in stewardship of natural and cultural resources.
Preservation has a laminating machine and offers laminating service for a fee.
Preservation has a lot to do with keeping a neighborhood glued together.
Preservation has to do with the state of remains at first sight.
Preservation helps that timelessness live in every community in America.
Preservation helps to revitalize, stabilize, and enhance neighborhoods.
Preservation includes both ongoing archaeological excavation and sustained environmentalism.
Preservation is a better thing.
Preservation is a big topic.
Preservation is a broader term than conservation.
Preservation is a considerable concern for most digital publications.
Preservation is a constant concern and a burgeoning curatorial responsibility.
Preservation is a different thing.
Preservation is a key part of the work all rangers do at Carlsbad.
Preservation is a long term concept.
Preservation is a noble cause.
Preservation is a timely issue across the country, and once again, New Jersey leads.
Preservation is a very important issue in libraries today.
Preservation is accomplished by refrigerating or by adding nitric acid.
Preservation is also a main use of salt.
Preservation is also very different from one library to the next.
Preservation is an aspect of resource management.
Preservation is an important part of a town's growth.
Preservation is an indirect method of treatment in which the environment around an item is changed.
Preservation is an investment that prolongs the life of the transportation system.
Preservation is another high priority to an archivist.
Preservation is another problem.
Preservation is conditions.
Preservation is contingent on conditions as well.
Preservation is defined as storing the object in a manner that maintains the status quo.
Preservation is dependent upon cooperation.
Preservation is different though.
Preservation is ever for a while.
Preservation is everyone's job.
Preservation is excellent.
Preservation is fair on the unembalmed body.
Preservation is followed by conservation, the systematic protection of natural resources.
Preservation is important throughout the corridor.
Preservation is important, because most damage to art on paper is caused by improper framing.
Preservation is important.
Preservation is key.
Preservation is mediated by bacterial biofilms.
Preservation is merely a matter of self-direction.
Preservation is more problematical when the memorials are underfoot.
Preservation is neither burdensome nor unduly expensive.
Preservation is no exception.
Preservation is one.
Preservation is ongoing.
Preservation is packed with great ideas for travel.
Preservation is paramount.
Preservation is priority.
Preservation is protection
Preservation is protection.
Preservation is really about saving larger areas.
Preservation is so very important.
Preservation is the attempt to maintain a resource that has been untouched by humans.
Preservation is the business of saving special places and the quality of life they support.
Preservation is the management of change over time.
Preservation is the most economical and environmentally friendly.
Preservation is the primary concern in the management of the map collection.
Preservation is the protection of a resource by withdrawing it from use.
Preservation is the upholding in existence what already is.
Preservation is truly the heart of our institutional mission.
Preservation is undertaken to support long term access.
Preservation is used in order to prolong the exploitation.
Preservation is usually sufficient for a rapid diagnosis.
Preservation is very good.
Preservation is, in a nutshell, the slowing down of the natural progression of putrefying organisms.
Preservation isa protection.
Preservation librarians most often work in academic libraries.
Preservation maintains the continuity of society's purposes over time.
Preservation makes all kinds of sense, including dollars and cents.
Preservation makes economic sense.
Preservation means something different when considering the protection of scenic views.
Preservation microfilming involves the creation of multiple products.
Preservation needs to be one of the key factors in the production process of a print.
Preservation needs to come before profits.
Preservation offers many tools for revitalization such as tax credits and easements.
Preservation photocopying and microfilming are important preservation tools.
Preservation planning for cultural landscapes involves a broad array of dynamic variables.
Preservation promotes community pride and neighborhood spirit.
Preservation requires actions.
Preservation requires immediate actions.
Preservation requires rapid burial in bottom sediments.
Preservation requires the registration of a notice before the appointed day.
Preservation specifically addresses in one chapter.
Preservation stabilizes analyte concentrations for a limited period of time.
Preservation stabilizes property values and strengthens local economies.
Preservation takes many forms.
Preservation tends to be excellent.
Preservation values diversity in place.
Preservation varies depending on the sediment conditions.
Preservation often restricts land to recreation or scientific study.
Most preservation becomes concern.
Most preservation requires actions.
Most preservation requires immediate actions.
Some preservation encompasses activities.
Some preservation illustrates values.
Some preservation provides dispersals.
Some preservation requires burial.
Some preservation shows movement.
Some preservation shows slow movement.
A preservationist is a person
Preservationists are anti-development.
Preservationists are people.
Preservationists are reformers.
Preservationists believe private sector salvage is a sin beyond belief.
Preservationists come from all over to admire the craftsmanship.
Preservationists have much to cheer in the final numbers.
Preservationists hope to avoid a repeat performance and are advocating quick action on the measures.
Preservationists oppose the conventional American idea of consuming ever more.
Preservationists question development plans.
Preservationists say it needs to be restored.
Preservationists say money is available to purchase the property.
Preservationists speculate that one of their arch rivals is the town's lone sex offender.
Preservationists still worry.
Preservationists strive to keep a balance between the old nad the new.
Preservationists try to cushion the impact of building restrictions with tax breaks for owners.
Most preservationists are familiar with nitrate film decomposition.
Some preservationists emphasize the potential of biodiversity in a world without humans.
Some preservationists say such standards often spell the end for old buildings.
Preservative love is an activity of caring or treasuring creatures whose well-being is at risk.
A preservative is a compound
Preservatives also help extend the storage life of foods in the home.
Preservatives are a puzzle for many consumers that can sometimes raise safety concerns.
Preservatives are available from most florists.
Preservatives are centuries old.
Preservatives are chemicals added to food formulations to inhibit or prevent the growth of microbes.
Preservatives are compounds.
Preservatives are good.
Preservatives are used to elongate shelf life and to prevent bacteria growth.
Preservatives are vital in killing yeast and bacteria.
Preservatives can be antimicrobials, antioxidants, or both.
Preservatives can be antioxidants, antimicrobials or both.
Preservatives can be either artificial or natural.
Preservatives can degrade over time and lose their power to halt growth of bacteria.
Preservatives form a strong chemical bond with the cellulose in the wood in the treating process.
Preservatives help to keep cosmetics from deteriorating or spoiling by killing bacteria and fungus.
Preservatives inhibit growth of microbes that cause food poisoning.
Preservatives keep food from spoiling.
Preservatives ordinarily prevent bacterial growth in the solution.
Preservatives prevent oxidation of fat.
Preservatives promote water and nutrient uptake and inhibit bacteria and fungi.
Preservatives reduce drying time by letting moist hay be baled without spoilage.
Preservatives reduce the spoilage that air, fungi, bacteria, or yeast can cause.
Preservatives retain water in body.
All preservatives are from natural plant sources.
Many preservatives are cellular toxins.
Some preservatives can cause allergic reactions in sensitive individuals.
Some preservatives contain paraffin or wax to help the wood shed water.
Some preservatives precipitate formaldehyde when mixed with certain common ingredients.
Some preservatives work better with certain species.
Preserve contains offshore island, wetlands, ponds, streams and trails.
Preserve hunted regularly on pheasants, quail, partridge also hunter on wild grouse.
Preserve is a grassland prairie featuring native plants, grasslands and gardens.
Preserve is an area
Preserve is located in jars.
Preserve is located on the northern shores of Lake Baikal, near the source of the Lena River.
Preserve is on the right.
Preserve is reservations.
Preserve is spheres.
Preserves are closed to motorized traffic to prevent soil compaction or disturbance.
Preserves are either publicly or privately held lands.
Preserves are essentially the same as national parks.
Preserves are open from dawn to dusk.
Preserves are open sunrise to sunset.
Preserves are unique areas of native flora and fauna where human influence is kept to a minimum.
Preserves can design trips to accommodate individual desires and needs.
Preserves companyspecific technical terminology.
Preserves contain chunks or whole pieces of fruit in a thickened syrup.
Preserves display of current Web page during phone call.
Preserves file permissions on executables.
Preserves intact the New England seaport.
Preserves lose their flavor and bright color during storage.
Preserves moistures and provides nutrients that feed the skin.
Preserves plants natural colloidal delivery system.
Preserves saints in time of.
All preserves are available for educational use with prior arrangement.
Many preserves also offer exceptional shore-access diving.
Many preserves are open to hunting.
Most preserves are opento the public.
Most preserves have a link to a detailed map for visiting the preserves.
Most preserves have lakes, sparkling pools, trails, and children's play areas.
Most preserves offer guides, bird dogs, meals, lodging, game cleaning and packaging.
Most preserves offer pheasants, quail, and chukars as their staples.
Most preserves specialize in one particular animal or trophy species.
Some preserves feature low-intensity public access facilities such as trails and parking.
Some preserves have more than one access point.
Preserved amounts come from contributions that have to be preserved.
Preserved blood is the source.
Preserved cedar is a natural repellent.
Preserved foods are a frequent cause of food hypersensitivity.
Preserved foodstuffs have no nutritional value until the spell is lifted or Dissipated.
Most preserved ginger is made in China.
Preserved insects are available.
Preserved lemons are increasingly available in specialty markets.
Preserved material is purchased from reputable dealers.
Preserved murals are among the finest examples of pre-Columbian art in North America.
Preserved mushrooms can vary greatly in potency.
Preserved mushrooms take the place of meat, showing up alongside potatoes or in soup.
Preserved orchids float in aromatherapy oils by Reflections of Hawaii.
Preserved pathologies are less common among small theropods.
Preserved specimens are translucent to white in color.
Preserved specimens are translucent to white, totally lacking pigments.
Preserved structures hold a legacy of their builders and inhabitants.
Preserved tapeworms are available in jars.
Preserved wood is an excellent material to use when building raised beds.
Preserving Materials Can apply appropriate preservation techniques to the library's collection.
Preset chisel stops short of threads.
Preset feature turns lights ON at last selected brightness level.
Preset function sets camera angles in advance for easy viewer selection.
Preset information is in an XML file.
Preset keys allow price data for fast-moving products to be quickly called up.
Preset options help to reduce data entry errors and insure consistency in reports.
Preset temp is too high for current systems.
A presidency is tenure
Presidencies are positions.
Presidencies are tenure.
Presidencies manage the business of the European council.
Presidency clearly reflects limitations on government.
Presidency consists of three members with rotating presiding post.
Presidency is a public office.
Presidency is about experience, diplomacy, and wisdom.
Presidency is clearly the top office in American politics.
Presidency is on a rotation principle.
Presidency rotates every six months according to seniority.
Presidency usually alternates between an historian and a scholar from another discipline.
A president is a business executive
President isa administrator.
Presidents add pages.
Presidents also consider criteria other than personal preference in selecting cabinet members.
Presidents also provide favorite street monikers.
Presidents also vary in how much they wish to be involved in their party's affairs.
Presidents also vary in their public presence during the transition.
Presidents are academic administrators.
Presidents are also subject to criminal prosecution when they leave office.
Presidents are always busy, busy.
Presidents are campus leaders largely in a figurative sense.
Presidents are concerned about their parties' electoral prospects.
Presidents are corporate executives.
Presidents are deathly afraid of the process.
Presidents are defined as heads of state.
Presidents are few and far between.
Presidents are fond of equating their power with benevolent leadership.
Presidents are heads of state.
Presidents are leaders.
Presidents are likely to resist any attempts to limit their powers.
Presidents are located in buildings.
Presidents are located in corporations.
Presidents are located in countries.
Presidents are located in elections.
Presidents are located in government.
Presidents are located in meetings.
Presidents are located in trouble.
Presidents are located in white houses.
Presidents are more than a collection of issue positions.
Presidents are mortals.
Presidents are no different.
Presidents are of course celibate.
Presidents are offices.
Presidents are our symbolic representatives and our active leaders.
Presidents are politicians.
Presidents are prisoners of historical circumstance.
Presidents are rank ordered by expert ratings.
Presidents are remarkably immune to cancer death.
Presidents are responsible for the economy's performance.
Presidents are subject to cancer and other frailties of life just like other people.
Presidents are subject to human weakness, craziness, and temptations.
Presidents are symbols.
Presidents are under some considerable pressure.
Presidents are used for leadership.
Presidents are used for leading.
Presidents are used for running organizations.
Presidents are wrong about stuff all the time.
Presidents are, by definition, celebrities.
Presidents ask agents to step aside any time they are too close when they play golf.
Presidents authorize covert operations through issuance of a written Finding.
Presidents can also do dumb things that make our lives worse.
Presidents can also take the first step for better or worse with the press.
Presidents can and do influence the nation's political agenda.
Presidents can only govern by accepting, placating and bargaining with the interest-group structure.
Presidents can only recommend a budget.
Presidents can rely on respect and the successful creation of consent.
Presidents can serve only one term.
Presidents can translate their own popularity into success in congress.
Presidents change, and they say nothing . . .
Presidents choose their issues carefully.
Presidents come and go every four or eight years.
Presidents come and go very quickly.
Presidents come and go, and Senators come and go.
Presidents come and go, but countries remain.
Presidents come and go, but executive orders remain unless they are rescinded.
Presidents come and go, but their legacies live forever.
Presidents come and go, news develops, and the world keeps on changing.
Presidents come and go.
Presidents come in all sizes.
Presidents come, presidents go.
Presidents commit political suicide.
Presidents contains quizzes covering noteworthy events and trivia.
Presidents continue to receive daily briefings on, and often read, the major newspapers.
Presidents declare emergencies.
Presidents describe behavior.
Presidents direct teams.
Presidents do the same.
Presidents dream the best when they have a commission to study the dream.
Presidents enjoy one quasi-judicial power, clemency.
Presidents enter offices.
Presidents evidently don t have to meet such exacting standards.
Presidents face tougher ones.
Presidents face very difficult choices about the economy.
Presidents get advice.
Presidents get more chicks.
Presidents get more credit than they deserve when the economy is good, and more blame when it's bad.
Presidents give addresses.
Presidents go and presidents come, and so do vice-presidents.
Presidents have (part) arms.
Presidents have (part) body substances.
Presidents have (part) cell membranes.
Presidents have (part) cells.
Presidents have (part) corpi.
Presidents have (part) cytoplasm.
Presidents have (part) heads.
Presidents have (part) human bodies.
Presidents have (part) legs.
Presidents have (part) material bodies.
Presidents have (part) necks.
Presidents have (part) nuclei.
Presidents have (part) personality.
Presidents have (part) plasma membranes.
Presidents have (part) sections.
Presidents have (part) vacuoles.
Presidents have a maximum term of office of five years.
Presidents have a variety of tools at their disposal to affect environmental policies.
Presidents have active lifestyle.
Presidents have diseases.
Presidents have First Amendment rights, too.
Presidents have heart diseases.
Presidents have lifestyle.
Presidents have motorcades - with police escorts.
Presidents have only modest powers to influence the economy.
Presidents have power.
Presidents have strong constitutional and extra-constitutional powers unchecked by the leg.
Presidents have the Constitutional right to unlimited pardon.
Presidents hold global sway over military, diplomatic, and commercial matters.
Presidents hold wide latitude in how they act abroad.
Presidents hope to brag to alumni about the institution's climbing graduation rate.
Presidents Includes speeches.
Presidents influence policy change at the margins.
Presidents justify their wars.
Presidents lack policy direction are in danger of frittering away their time in office.
Presidents learn how to motivate.
Presidents Learn interesting information about many of the presidents and first ladies.
Presidents leave lasting legacies by establishing new frameworks for public policy debates.
Presidents leave offices.
Presidents lie to each other.
Presidents lie to the public all the time.
Presidents like to appoint 'em young.
Presidents like to have their vice presidents shut up for long stretches.
Presidents live in regions.
Presidents Make A Difference.
Presidents make good copy, and that's as attractive to historians as it is to journalists.
Presidents make statements.
Presidents meet and make agreements with other world leaders.
Presidents never have terrible hair.
Presidents now preside over institutions that have grown much more complex and bureaucratic.
Presidents play an important role in tending to details over the years.
Presidents prefer stuff.
Presidents raise issues.
Presidents receive an eight percent differential above base salary for equivalent years of service.
Presidents receive credit for the good things that happen in terms of office and blame for the bad.
Presidents say in statements.
Presidents say the darndest things.
Presidents seem cursed to fare badly in the middle of their second terms.
Presidents serve one-year terms.
Presidents serve three-year terms.
Presidents spend considerable time working to get legislation passed in form they want it in.
Presidents succumb to delusions of grandeur.
Presidents support districts.
Presidents Take a glimpse at the presidents here.
Presidents take dinner.
Presidents take offices.
Presidents take the oath of office with a hand on the Bible.
Presidents talk in soaring words and invoke abstract ideals of equality and freedom.
Presidents talk on the phone.
Presidents tend to worry about what they know a lot about.
Presidents to lead nations.
Presidents traditionally accept the pick of the top member of their party in each state.
Presidents traditionally attend and speak.
Presidents travel, meet interesting people, and get to inspect cool things like aircraft carriers.
Presidents use procedures.
Presidents voice a rhetoric of expectation but fail to lead.
Presidents write books.
Presidents write several books.
Presidents always get an undue amount of credit or criticism for the economy while in office.
Presidents often attempt to set conditions on their pardons.
Presidents often give pardons.
Presidents often leave office with a flurry of executive orders and rule changes.
Presidents often outline their goals in their inaugural addresses.
Presidents sometimes feel the same about athletics.
Presidents sometimes find it hard to recruit people to work in the executive branch.
Presidents sometimes have to get people killed.
Presidents usually make their greatest mark by building upon past successes.
Presidents usually respond to threats.
All presidents accept personal gifts.
All presidents are about two inches shorter than they say they are.
All presidents are free to submit recommendations.
All Presidents cheat on their wives.
All presidents do that some of the time.
All presidents do, some a lot more than others.
All presidents face crises.
All presidents have problems here.
All presidents lie.
All Presidents lie.
All presidents receive gifts during their administrations.
All Presidents receive gifts.
Every president brings a different set of talents to the job.
Every president doles out ambassadorships in gratitude for favors.
Every president encounters some hardships.
Every president has a budget and other things.
Every president has a listing of all chapters and presidents.
Every president has an agenda to execute.
Every president has enemies, of course.
Every president has one.
Every president inherits a set of problems and possibilities born of the nation's past development.
Every president leaves office lamenting that the job was more confining than they imagined.
Every president makes missteps.
Every president needs a place to escape from the cares and burdens of office.
Every president selects a cabinet, or group of advisors.
Many presidents can take pride in respectable economic growth without hyper-inflation.
Most presidents add pages.
Most presidents are or become churchgoers.
Most Presidents carefully associate themselves with some volunteer program.
Most presidents come to the position without much experience but a desire to make a difference.
Most presidents declare emergencies.
Most presidents describe behavior.
Most presidents enter offices.
Most presidents get advice.
Most presidents give addresses.
Most presidents have active lifestyle.
Most Presidents have close relationship with Clerk and office.
Most presidents have diseases.
Most presidents have heart diseases.
Most presidents have lifestyle.
Most presidents have power.
Most presidents lead the way when it's time to negotiate and sign land-lease agreements.
Most presidents leave offices.
Most Presidents leave some kind of short catch phrase that sums up their Presidency.
Most presidents live in regions.
Most presidents make statements.
Most presidents prefer stuff.
Most presidents raise issues.
Most presidents say in statements.
Most presidents settle for whatever they can get.
Most presidents support districts.
Most presidents take dinner.
Most presidents take offices.
Most presidents think of being an administrator.
Most presidents use procedures.
Most presidents write books.
Most presidents write several books.
Some presidents are brilliant, even historic.
Some presidents are funny about demonstrations.
Some presidents ask each chairperson to give a progress report at each meeting.
Some presidents assume offices.
Some presidents come on boards.
Some presidents declare problems.
Some presidents describe circumstances.
Some presidents discuss levels.
Some presidents embrace notions.
Some presidents fear for life.
Some presidents get tenure.
Some presidents get two pages, some a page, and some less.
Some presidents have growth.
Some presidents have mixed ratings.
Some presidents have sisters.
Some presidents have sons.
Some presidents have tips.
Some presidents leave photos.
Some presidents provide details.
Some presidents represent universities.
Some presidents share tips.
Some presidents start business.
Some presidents take a little longer than others.
Some presidents undergo bypass surgery.
Some presidents undergo surgery.
Some presidents visit chinas.
Presidential addresses can be very important in shaping the culture and values of the organization.
Presidential aides deny any cover-up.
Presidential aides deny any such act of persuasion.
Presidential aides deny wrongdoing.
Presidential appointees hold important jobs and come to their positions with distinguished resumes.
Presidential appointees serve at the pleasure of the president.
Presidential appointments are, indeed, posts of honor.
Presidential approval is required for any starting salary over quartile.
Presidential approval is required for international travel.
Presidential approval is required for special circumstances.
Presidential approval is required for the launch of RTGs.
Presidential approval is required.
Presidential approval is valid for a period of three years from the date of issue.
Presidential assistants are another much-needed but often overlooked category.
Presidential assistants have diverse backgrounds, according to the survey.
Presidential autobiographies are always dull.
Presidential autobiographies are the least useful sources.
Presidential budgets are always wish lists.
Presidential campaign demonstrates influence of new economy drivers.
Presidential campaign reaches final stages.
Presidential campaigns are part circus and part sideshow.
Presidential campaigns are underway.
Presidential campaigns are very common in democratic countries.
Presidential campaigns do affect the outcome of elections.
Presidential campaigns have a way of loosening political skeletons from the closet.
Presidential campaigns offer an opportunity for the American people to make a change in course.
Presidential campaigns seem longer.
Every presidential campaign seems to contribute colorful metaphors to public dialogue, as well.
Presidential candidate says election headquarters attacked .
Presidential candidates are freer with criticism.
Presidential candidates are no different.
Presidential candidates are political figures.
Presidential candidates are silent on the failure of the U.S. war on drugs.
Presidential candidates continue to bash business.
Presidential candidates court the female vote for the first time.
Presidential candidates debates.
Presidential Candidates FIND .
Presidential candidates fit themselves into a continuous flow of public events.
Presidential candidates have a responsibility to know the entire American family.
Presidential candidates have to keep up.
Presidential candidates hire pollsters, consultants and advertising experts.
Presidential candidates ignore Kansas because our electoral votes stink.
Presidential candidates spend money on the swing states.
Presidential candidates spew out their opinions and even raise money online.
Presidential candidates talk about it on the campaign trail.
Presidential candidates talk about their online campaigns, political pundits chat with viewers.
Presidential candidates win nominations by cleaning up in the delegate race.
All presidential candidates accept campaign donations via the Internet.
All presidential candidates are still interested.
All presidential candidates seek expert help.
All presidential candidates use their web sites to recruit volunteers.
Every presidential candidate has their honeymoon.
Every presidential candidate makes campaign promises.
Every presidential candidate says that the election they are in is important.
Some presidential candidates support school choice .
Some presidential candidates support school choice.
Some presidential candidates support the envirmonment, others oppose it.
Presidential charisma can play a critical role in bolstering support and unifying a split America.
Presidential china is on display.
Presidential comedy is old and defunct, especially right now.
Presidential couples are cultural leaders weaving together a national fantasy.
Presidential cronies oversee the reorganization of the country's judiciary.
Presidential debates are certainly better than that.
All presidential decisions are final.
Presidential decrees are a frequently used mechanism of governance in Azerbaijan.
Presidential directives are a largely unaccountable instrument of executive authority.
Presidential diversion costs Rs.
Presidential effectiveness is seen in terms of the community s accomplishments.
Presidential elections are abstract.
Presidential elections are due to be held in Zimbabwe early next year.
Presidential elections are due to be held next year.
Presidential elections are either or propositions.
Presidential elections are essentially approval votes on how the incumbent party has been doing.
Presidential elections are primarily spectacle, mostly smoke with little flame, and almost no light.
Presidential elections attract about half the nation's voters.
Presidential elections come and go.
Presidential elections have multiple goals.
Presidential elections occur once every four years.
Presidential elections take place every four years.
Presidential elections take place today in Belarus.
Every presidential election is a search for the cure.
Every presidential election produces hand-wringing editorials about low voter turnout.
Every presidential election surges forward on a different wave.
Presidential families are as interesting as our own families, but much more public.
Presidential folklore reflects that.
Presidential greatness is defined as action, the more frenetic the better.
Presidential hopefuls are on the stump looking for votes and campaign dollars.
Presidential hopefuls show interest in the world beyond .
Presidential hopefuls speak out on Kosovo.
Presidential impeachment is thus a matter of incomparable gravity.
Presidential inaugurations happen every four years.
Presidential influence is heavily dependent on the institution built around the individual.
Presidential intervention assisting airlines break strikes .
Presidential involvement requires a far-sighted plan on how to proceed.
Presidential journals are well represented.
Presidential leadership fails.
Presidential leadership is an essential ingredient for success.
Presidential leadership is essential because of the very nature of the education of teachers.
Presidential leadership is key.
Presidential leadership is the key here.
Presidential leadership is very important to making our effort a success.
Presidential leadership requires building coalitions of different people with different views.
Presidential libraries are here to stay.
Presidential Libraries Explore the libraries of U.S. Presidents.
Most presidential libraries are.
Presidential Links Check out the candidates, parties, and other political players.
Presidential lore is full of dogs.
Presidential marriages resonate and can alter many people's futures.
Presidential nominees look at running mates with a whole new set of spectacles.
Presidential personality requires candidates to take the heat without lashing out.
Presidential planes are there, too.
Presidential polls say schools are a big concern for moderate voters.
Presidential portraits hang in the library.
Presidential power is inherently weak.
Presidential power is the power to persuade.
Presidential prerogative is over-extended in the case of tenure approval.
Presidential proximity is an asset that is never exhausted in American culture.
Presidential race heats up.
Presidential races are a .
Presidential races are about more than the home front.
Presidential ratings can change precipitously in response to new events and changing circumstances.
Presidential scandals are no recent phenomenon in the history of the United States.
Presidential scholars receive full in-state tuition and fees.
Presidential scholarships pay full tuition, fees, room and board.
Presidential search reaches out to state with forums .
Presidential speechwriters take on the mantle of unbiased news reporters.
Presidential success is greatest early in the administration.
Presidential suites are also available.
Presidential suites offer spa tubs plus magnificent park views.
Presidential summit produces no concrete results.
Some presidential things remain to be done.
Presidential travel is always a risky business in Africa.
Presidential visit continues.
Presidential Way See map for further details.
Presidential wives play a crucial role in defining their husbands for the public.
Most presidential winners appear before cheering mobs amid confetti and balloons.
A presidio is a fortress
Presidio is a small and disadvantaged business.
Presidio is also willing to carry items from member leagues.
Presidio takes pride in providing only the highest level of service.
Presidios are fortresses.
Presifted flour is sifted at the mill, making it unnecessary to sift before measuring.
Presocial animals can live together and take care of their young .
Presocial animals can live together and take care of their young.
Presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality.
Presolar grains are literally bits of stars that can be studied in the laboratory.
Presomitic mesoderm has a positional identity before somite formation.
Presprouted seeds have a better chance of survival.
A press agent is a publicist
Press agents try to stimulate interest and create a public image rather than provide information.
Press censorship ends the same day.
Press checks are available for our clients.
Press checks can help ensure the quality and accuracy of the final product.
A press clipping is a selection
Press clipping indicates the tip of the iceberg.
A press conference is a conference
Press conference is about to start any min now.
Press conferences announcing new applications . . . are for the most part eliminated.
Press conferences are also video recorded routinely.
Press conferences are best early in the day, depending on local customs.
Press conferences are conferences.
Press conferences are meetings.
Press conferences are still the main way of communicating major issues to journalists.
Press conferences are the best part of any media event.
Press conferences can flop resoundingly.
Press conferences pop up constantly.
Press conferences run throughout the first three days of the show.
Press credentials are available to working press only.
Press credentials are only available for editorial members of the working press.
A press cutting is a selection
Press cuttings See a press cutting on a film biography .
Some press cuttings are available.
Press freedom appears to be under serious threat in Zimbabwe.
Press freedom has to be combined with legal reform to curb corruption.
Press freedom is a cornerstone of human rights.
Press freedom is a language journalists know by instinct.
Press freedom is an intrinsic part of a healthy democracy.
Press freedom is essential to building democracy.
Press freedom is fundamental to democracy.
Press freedom is guaranteed under the Macedonian constitution.
Press freedom is one of the major building blocks in a democracy.
Press freedom is respected.
Press freedom is restricted by laws and political pressures.
Press freedom is the right that protects all other rights.
Press freedoms require a pluralistic economy with private ownership of the media.
Press freedoms require constant debate and self-examination about ethics.
Press kit is available upon request.
Press kits are acceptable, but press releases are much better.
Press kits are available to qualified writers .
Press kits are available upon request.
Press kits are available, please call or write to obtain one early.
Press kits are available.
Press kits are for news purposes only.
Press kits containing video and photos are available.
Press kits vary in their size and contents.
Some press kits are underdone and others are overdone.
Press pass is printed and mailed first class to all members.
Press passes are also available.
A press photographer is an artist
Press photographers are more and more sent searching for shooting that special shot.
Press photographers do their thing.
Press relations are critical to developing momentum.
Press relations can be tricky.
Press relations require a relationship to be truly effective.
A press release is an announcement
Press release announces the first cryoablation procedure to treat lung cancer.
Press release are available in both French and English.
Press release are very effective and free.
Press release describes more about the development of the website and the technologies used.
Press release Find there the press release of the institutions.
Press release follows, tidied, a little.
Press release follows.
Press release is also available online.
Press release is archived here.
Press release is available below.
Press release is available outside.
Press release is here .
Press release posting is FREE, as long as the press releases meet the content guidelines .
Press release provides details .
Press releases are a good idea - keeps the media informed of what is new.
Press releases are a powerful way to target and contact specific media.
Press releases are a special breed all to themselves.
Press releases are acceptable.
Press releases are also a great avenue for announcements.
Press releases are also available by year and company.
Press releases are also available from time to time.
Press releases are also available here.
Press releases are also available in full text.
Press releases are also available.
Press releases are also good places to find information, as are privacy notices.
Press releases are an essential aspect of business reporting.
Press releases are an important element in the public relations efforts.
Press releases are announcements about specific business topics and company achievements.
Press releases are available for other inventions.
Press releases are available here .
Press releases are available here for a limited time only.
Press releases are available here on the Web site and via fax.
Press releases are available in a media area.
Press releases are available in Chinese only when noted.
Press releases are available on our website.
Press releases are available via email and fax, and cover a variety of topics.
Press releases are cheap, and they can produce stories in both electronic and traditional media.
Press releases are easy to cut and paste and photos are simple to download.
Press releases are essential .
Press releases are everywhere here.
Press releases are fine to reprint.
Press releases are for the press and media.
Press releases are free - space permitting.
Press releases are free, but based on a first come first serve basis because of the limited space.
Press releases are free.
Press releases are from newspapers and other periodicals.
Press releases are great search engine fodder.
Press releases are helpful before or after an event.
Press releases are here.
Press releases are how journalists are used to receiving a lot of their information.
Press releases are important.
Press releases are in all actuality 'cookie cutter'.
Press releases are in one location, speeches in another, legislation and casework in still others.
Press releases are in preparation.
Press releases are in reverse chronological order.
Press releases are made, a press conference is held, and there is much international fanfare.
Press releases are nice.
Press releases are no different.
Press releases are nothing mysterious.
Press releases are now available in the What's New section.
Press releases are now available on our Media page .
Press releases are now available online.
Press releases are one of the best ways to get the word out.
Press releases are one of the most common tools of public relations.
Press releases are only accurate as of their respective dates.
Press releases are prepared and published.
Press releases are press releases and speeches are speeches.
Press releases are probably the most cost effective marketing piece that a company can invest in.
Press releases are searchable online and mailing lists are available.
Press releases are simple to write, and they are easy to use.
Press releases are statements.
Press releases are the cheapest source of press but it is something many ISPs often overlook.
Press releases are the most obvious example.
Press releases are the presorted junk mail of the PR industry.
Press releases are the primary way companies communicate news to the media.
Press releases are very important.
Press Releases Be sure to check back again for more news releases and developments.
Press Releases Call for rates.
Press releases can be another excellent source of free space.
Press releases can be more effective than an Ad.
Press Releases Find out about our new and upcoming products.
Press Releases Find out about our newest products and activities.
Press Releases Find out how our site works.
Press Releases Find out what's happening at Empire.
Press Releases Find the facts here.
Press Releases Find the latest news and an archive of press releases.
Press releases follow a very specific format and are brief and to the point.
Press Releases Get information on firm growth and special events.
Press Releases Get news as it happens.
Press Releases Get the facts on hunger and the working poor.
Press Releases Get the late breaking news straight from the source.
Press Releases Get the latest company news here .
Press Releases Get the latest information about our business.
Press Releases Get the latest information on the team by checking in here.
Press Releases Get the latest news straight from the source.
Press Releases Get the latest official press releases here.
Press Releases Get the latest scoop on what's happening with the men's and women's teams.
Press Releases Get the scoop.
Press Releases Get the word out regularly to the media.
Press Releases Go to Spruce Up South Dakota web site.
Press Releases Keep the current year.
Press Releases Keep up to date on all of the latest news about our campaign by clicking here .
Press Releases Keep up with our latest press announcements.
Press Releases Learn about the latest programs, upcoming events and related activities.
Press Releases Learn more about endangered cats of North America.
Press releases occur on a regular basis.
Press releases offer current information about the product.
Press releases offer free promotional opportunities.
Press releases offer opportunities to relate soft messages as well as hard news.
Press releases provide further news about the association and the profession.
Press releases provide statistics on United States exports and imports of goods and services.
Press releases provide the texts of the statements in a summarized form.
Press releases send news about current events and activities to the media.
All press releases are current only as of the date specified.
All press releases are the property of their respective companies, of course.
All press releases contain certain standard elements.
Every press release needs a dateline so that the editor can tell when it was mailed.
Every press release starts with the release date.
Most press releases contain information about new or changed products.
Most press releases contain links to other useful information.
Most press releases contain pictures and links to related information.
Most press releases end up in the recycle bin.
Most press releases follow a similar format, and it's easy to learn.
Most press releases follow a very specific, almost pre-ordained form.
Most press releases have a similar structure, or look and feel, for a couple of good reasons.
Most press releases have spelling verified before they go out.
Most press releases issued through a commercial wire service go to hundreds of online databases.
Some press releases contain audio content.
All press reviews are unanimous.
Press secretaries provide regular briefings on their group's progress.
Some press secretaries blitz our cramped newsroom's fax machine with press releases and information.
Press accounts abound with stories about denied care and limits on access under managed care plans.
Press accounts available upon request.
Press accounts center around computer applications and hardware implemented years ago.
Press accounts of the negotiations present a disturbing picture of U.S. efforts.
Press accounts state that the prescribing physician left out the decimal point.
Press accounts typically include a section on favorite found facts and features.
Press allowances towards the darker fabrics.
Press almonnds onto sides and bottom of pan and set aside.
PResS also runs a number of more general services.
Press appendages onto body.
Press apples and juice through a sieve or food mill to separate seeds and peel from pulp.
Press apples through a colander, food mill or strainer.
Press apples through a colander, food mill, or strainer.
Press apples through a sieve or food mill.
Press apply and adjust the isosurface accordingly.
Press apply and adjust the max and min values accordingly.
Press apply and yes to the warning window.
Press apply and yes to warning window.
Press apply then dismiss.
Press are publishers of academic and professional monographs in science and technology.
Press are welcome during the late morning.
Press are welcome to attend addresses and educational sessions.
Press are welcome to attend any or all of the day's speaker and poster sessions.
Press are welcome to attend the full three-day conference at no charge.
Press are welcome to attend.
Press are welcome.
Press awards too numerous to count.
Press b to go back a page.
Press b to go back up a page.
Press balls down with a fork.
Press balls into cavity of mini muffin tins, making small cups.
Press balls into head for eyes.
Press balls with a fork to make criss-cross and flatten.
Press balls with a glass dipped in sugar to flatten.
Press balls with the bottom of a small glass or flatten with palm.
Press batter down with a spoon.
Press berries through a sieve.
Press berries through sieve.
Press biscuits in pie pan.
Press biscuits into a large muffin pan, making a deep well in the center of each.
Press biscuits onto bottom and sides of prepared pan to form a crust.
Press biscuits onto the bottom and up the sides of greased muffin cups.
Press biscuits up the sides of muffin tin and fill with hamburger mixture.
Press bow into frosting behind large puppy's head.
Press briefing in particular are short and concise, and also searchable.
Press Call and wait for the other party to answer.
Press Call no.
Press Call to call the message sender.
Press can now receive time sensitive information about vulnerabilities, holes, patches, and threats.
Press cancel .
Press cancel and return to main menu.
Press cancel and try again.
Press cancel in the connect window.
Press cancel to continue shopping.
Press cancel to return to the Installation Menu.
Press cancel to stop the installation process.
Press center down gently to flatten into disk.
Press cherry dough on top of chocolate dough.
Press circles firmly into bottom of greased muffin cups.
Press circles into the bottom and up the sides of ungreased mini muffin cups.
Press click here please.
Press coils together firmly around the stick.
Press connect button.
Press connect to dial in.
Press connect to server.
Press continue and print the page that is loaded.
Press continue for some considerations in that regard.
Press continue or go on the printer to clear message.
Press continue to complete access.
Press continue to continue with the applet.
Press continue to return to the main view.
Press continue to see more.
Press continue to view the very best properties for sale throughout Spain and Portugal.
Press cookies together lightly.
Press cookies together slightly so mint patty spreads out to cookie edges as it melts.
Press copy button and flip when side is finished.
Press copy on the keyboard.
Press cover into place.
Press create button to start and choose directory to save the movie on.
Press CTRL to zoom out.
Press designs into dough for a picture.
Press designs into dough, then cut cookies and place on sheet.
Press determine till the lunch unless swell solomon hiking shoes.
Press drill packer wheels do a satisfactory job of firming the soil after planting.
Press dumbbells straight up to arm's length.
Press dumbbells to arms' length overhead.
Press edge flat to rim of pie plate.
Press edit on the top toolbar once again and choose the paste option.
Press eggs through a sieve.
Press end key to get to the end of the list of files.
Press end key to page down the last page.
Press enroll to register.
Press enter and a window for selection of a search operator opens.
Press enter and enter again to continue.
Press enter and get rid of the bullet by clicking the bullet icon on the toolbar and selecting none.
Press enter and highlight the correct setting.
Press enter and key up to two weeks of scheduled leave at one time.
Press enter and move on the next dialog.
Press enter and period and enter to send the mail.
Press enter and review the screen to be sure all information was accepted.
Press enter and the calculation is over.
Press enter and the formula is entered.
Press enter and then enter to continue and wait as the report generates.
Press enter and then enter to continue.
Press enter and then hit enter again.
Press enter and then menu to select the display options.
Press enter and then the End key.
Press enter and type the next line.
Press enter and wait to see if it completes normally.
Press enter and wait until it finishes.
Press enter and watch some hotties do their thing.
Press enter and watch the records scroll by on the screen.
Press enter during use to clear the screen.
Press enter for a list of available reports.
Press enter for a listing of daily stock prices.
Press enter for the number to keep the default.
Press enter for the terminal type.
Press enter for unzip.
Press enter if eligible.
Press enter key when finished.
Press enter key when prompted for password.
Press enter Now, move the piece under the rubber shaft layer.
Press enter or click button to put color string into the clipboard.
Press enter or click connect.
Press enter or click in another area for the change to take effect.
Press enter or click OK .
Press enter or click on OK to send the output to the printer.
Press enter or click on search.
Press enter or click on the OK button when ready.
Press enter or click select to see the titles for that level.
Press enter or click select to see the titles for that point value.
Press enter or click the OK button.
Press enter or click the search button.
Press enter or double click on the highlighted option.
Press enter or enter a specific page number to view other subcodes' information.
Press enter or escape to return to slide view .
Press enter or open the mouse key.
Press enter or return key at blank screen.
Press enter or return key to send search.
Press enter or return to get past the legalese.
Press enter or return to view the message.
Press enter or return.
Press enter or space to bring up the connection window.
Press enter or Start search .
Press enter or submit.
Press enter or tab after each entry.
Press enter or tab to ok and press enter to make the necessary changes.
Press enter or tab.
Press enter or the name of the label to boot.
Press enter or the search button.
Press enter through the next prompt.
Press enter when the form is completed and use the print function to print the completed form.
Press esc at the prompts and esc again to abort the script.
Press esc repeatedly to back out of the database.
Press esc to cancel printing.
Press esc to deselect the eraser tool.
Press esc to exit the slide show.
Press escape and let go.
Press escape if prompted to change other passwords.
Press escape key to search again.
Press escape or enter, to save the settings.
Press escape to exit sniper mode.
Press escape to exit the program.
Press escape to exit the start menu.
Press escape twice to page back.
Press extract and answer Yes to the overwrite prompts.
Press ferns onto candle while glue is tacky.
Press fight underneath little float also burst corkscrews.
Press fight underneath little float also burst werewolf.
Press FIND ALL .
Press Find Now .
Press FIND NOW to begin the search.
Press Find Now.
Press FIND twice to find subsequent occurrences of that keyword.
Press fingers together several times around the nipple base.
Press finish button to save and exit the setup.
Press finish to complete the wizard.
Press finish to save.
Press fit the brass ferrule into the end of the short inner tube.
Press fit the mechanism top into the long inner brass tube.
Press fit the tip into one end of the other barrel.
Press flash again.
Press forming enables the manufacture of parts of many different shapes.
Press FUNC to exit.
Press get in free.
Press go .
Press go after making selection.
Press Go Ahead To finish.
Press go and begin the simulation.
Press GO BACK .
Press GO BACK to reach our menu page.
Press grits evenly into pan with wet fingertips.
Press halves tightly together and chill.
Press halves together, making sure top fits over the bottom without gaps or trapped parts.
Press handle of wooden spoon gently into center of each cookie.
Press have beyond either nose consequently lent discounted golf equipment.
Press help to adjust size and centering.
Press Here are some recent articles about our products.
Press here follow the directions.
Press HERE go to there now.
Press here help for more information.
Press Here is the ultimate book for engaging very young children and holding their attention.
Press hips upward and backward.
Press holes into the bottom of the clay pocket using the stylus.
Press ingredients together gently, kneading lightly until smooth.
Press ingredients together.
Press insert and get a list of choices.
Press insert for the start position somewhere in the big room.
Press insert to add a new module.
Press is a print media
Press is clamps.
Press is complete with hydraulic power unit controlled by hand knob to any pressure desired.
Press is estates.
Press is machines.
Press is press.
Press is print mediums.
Press is pushs.
Press keys lightly and hold work objects like a mouse loosely.
Press kiss in center of each cookie.
Press lace out and fabric to wrong side.
Press layers down slightly.
Press leaves and flowers for beautiful keepsakes.
Press leaves between heavy paper or cardboard.
Press leaves between two heavy books.
Press leaves down with inverted dish.
Press leaves flat between heavy paper or cardboard.
Press link to see more information.
Press liquids out of mixture.
Press LOCK on the receiver to turn the memory lock light on.
Press LOCK to turn on the lock.
Press LOCK to turn the lock light is off.
Press LOCK to turn the lock on.
Press lumps lightly, just to flatten, with the bottom of a drinking glass.
Press MAKE on the screen.
Press marshmallows in center of cored apple to fill the bottom.
Press marshmallows lightly into top.
Press masa together with thumbs so it touches.
Press modify again to cycle through the ranges.
Press molds firmly to dough.
Press nipples immediately after suckling and remove the remaining milk with a couple of jerks.
Press noseflute firmly against nose and mouth, with wings to either side of mouth.
Press nuts around sides of cake.
Press nuts gently into dough with hand.
Press nuts gently into side of frosted cake.
Press nuts into dough.
Press nuts lightly into chocolate.
Press organize on left side of screen.
Press palms together, hold five seconds, release.
Press pass for journalists.
Press passes are available to all media.
Press passes are available with prior arrangements.
Press passes are available.
Press passes are complimentary for the full conference package.
Press passes are complimentary.
Press passes available with credentials.
Press passes available, please inquire.
Press passes available.
Press patties together to prevent crumbling.
Press pears gently into the cream.
Press peppercorns into beef.
Press peppercorns into both sides of salmon.
Press peppercorns onto meat.
Press photographers no longer rush off to Gaza.
Press photos G .
Press picks up on the unusual level of radio telescope excitement.
Press pin back into heart while dough is still damp.
Press plate well over the bowls.
Press Play again and sit back.
Press play and listen to the result.
Press play and record on the edit controller.
Press play and record.
Press Play on the player to begin playing the tape.
Press Play on the VCR to start tape playing.
Press PLAY to accept the screen.
Press PLAY to activate it.
Press PLAY to begin and click in the boxes to find out the ships.
Press PLAY to begin playback of the pattern.
Press PLAY to begin playback.
Press PLAY to begin recording.
Press PLAY to begin the program.
Press PLAY to hear a different guitar solo.
Press PLAY to hear the effect.
Press PLAY to hear the speaker modeling.
Press PLAY to preview the changes.
Press PLAY to see the modified animation.
Press PLAY to start playback of the song.
Press PLAY to start playback.
Press PLAY to start recording, and move the sliders to mix the volume levels.
Press PLAY to start.
Press play with discretion, press frequently.
Press plays hardball.
Press polishing adds a brilliant high-gloss finish, or a depth enhancing low lustre matte finish.
Press pretzels into cookies for antlers.
Press print down for reindeer's antlers.
Press publishes scholarly works in a variety of fields.
Press publishes scholarly works in the Humanities, and focuses on Philosophy and Theology titles.
Press q to quite pine.
Press raisins gently into peanut butter.
Press raspberries gently to extract flavor.
Press refresh key.
Press refresh to check for updates to the page.
Press refresh to restart the animation.
Press register button when finished.
Press release accompanying uniform price announcement.
Press release archive .
Press release button to lance finger.
Press release how, when and why.
Press release inviting major nationwide publications.
Press release no.
Press release prints for lander and rover, and CD-ROMs of the lander images.
Press release tips for PR people by a senior editor.
Press releases and announcements.
Press releases and articles.
Press releases and examples of press photos.
Press releases and interviews can also be very effective and are free.
Press releases and newsclippings.
Press releases and newsletters on the Kosovo situation.
Press releases and reviews.
Press releases and speeches in English.
Press releases and speeches.
Press releases by e-mail One way to save trees is to receive press releases electronically.
Press releases conform to an established format.
Press releases help editors write an article.
Press Releases Still to come.
Press Releases Up to date communication for the media regarding religious liberty issues.
Press reload button to view a new image.
Press reload sooner to see the latest picture.
Press reload to display any new entries.
Press reload to get the freshest news.
Press reload to retry the test.
Press remainder firmly in pan.
Press remainder into miniature muffin tins lined with muffin papers.
Press remainder into prepared pan.
Press reports about micropayment schemes extol their virtues in breathless wonder.
Press reports about the album and concerts proliferated.
Press reports apologies for lack of coverage caused by fixsec back injury.
Press reports at the time suggested the problem was more serious, such as a tumour or heart failure.
Press reports describe widescale civilian massacres and the forced deportation of thousands.
Press reports don t always help.
Press reports from the scene suggest that Serb forces have engaged in atrocities against civilians.
Press reports of the raid itself portray a disorganized affair.
Press reports on Russia s secret treaties with China and Tibet and British reactions.
Press reports throughout the state responded positively to the high quality of the research.
Press reports to the contrary are incorrect.
Press reset and recall at the same time or auto to exit diagnotics.
Press reset and start all over.
Press reset on the pumping system controller.
Press reset only if something important has to change.
Press reset or reboot the PC by switching it off and on.
Press reset to clear all form fields.
Press reset to clear the form and start again.
Press reset to clear the form and start over.
Press reset to clear the form.
Press reset to equalize line lengths.
Press reset to resume normal operation.
Press reset to roll new points.
Press reset to start over.
Press reset to start process again after re-writing code.
Press restart to start over.
Press return a couple of times, and type in a paragraph or two of introductory text.
Press return again for today's date and then press any key as requested.
Press return again to create a new item.
Press return again to return to a blank header screen to add the next requisition.
Press return again to return to the circulation menu.
Press return again to view the next article in the list of available articles.
Press return again.
Press return for call.
Press return key.
Press return once and click the align left button to move the cursor to the left side of the page.
Press return once the old password has been entered.
Press return otherwise.
Press return repeatedly to view the semesters in sequence, from earliest to most recent.
Press return three times.
Press return to abort the little prompt that pops up at bottom of window.
Press return to add it to the document.
Press return to go to the next line.
Press return to read the message.
Press return to start the process.
Press return twice and produce a third paragraph.
Press return twice for a new paragraph and type some more.
Press return twice to exit the program.
Press return twice to exit.
Press return twice, moving down from the top portion of the memo.
Press return twice.
Press reviews from around the world.
Press reviews on the main technology news in the Italian dailies.
Press rips right back .
Press roll down slightly.
Press runs increase every year.
Press sauteed mixture firmly over mushrooms.
Press save .
Press save in the download window and specify a path .
Press scraps together to reroll.
Press seams out.
Press seams to one side.
Press seams together and press up sides to form an edge.
Press seashells into the clay to make imprints.
Press seeds in lightly.
Press SEEK on the remote until the correct satellite is displayed.
Press select again to access the password screen.
Press select twice.
Press send and forget the e-mail.
Press send and it's done.
Press send button.
Press send only once.
Press send or preview.
Press send when completed, or clear to restart.
Press send when done.
Press Set Up on the remote control.
Press Settings to display registration and support details, and access configuration options.
Press shift key while clicking download link.
Press shift once to input top column characters and press twice to have uppercase characters.
Press shift together with an arrow key to swap the marked tile with an adjacant tile.
Press show button.
Press sidelaps down firmly with roller or broom.
Press sides first and then center of the dough ball.
Press sleeves firmly to shoulders.
Press slices firmly while placing tightly against each other along top of can to form two rows.
Press slices onto glass votive.
Press slits to compress.
Press snaps on the pad pocket.
Press soil down firmly.
Press spoonfuls of soap into the ice cube tray.
Press spoonfuls of the first color of soap into sections of the ice tray.
Press stand to back of figure.
Press start a search or view.
Press start and adjust charge current.
Press start and adjust current to test rate.
Press start and observe the trace on the screen.
Press start button and allow machine to cycle.
Press start button to run the animation.
Press start button, horn sounds at end of time.
Press start button.
Press start coming up to Seattle from all over the world.
Press start key and settings.
Press start on the bedside monitor.
Press start on the desktop, choose programs then the command prompt bar.
Press start on the valve controller.
Press start once over Bison.
Press start process push button.
Press start to begin a new game.
Press start to begin the demonstration, and stop to freeze it at any point.
Press start to begin the game.
Press start to begin.
Press start to bring up the menu, again, and wait for the movie.
Press start to play.
Press start to run.
Press start to start the game.
Press start to view.
Press steaks into mixture, coating both sides heavily.
Press stick or switch for selection.
Press stop and exit program.
Press stop at any time and start again.
Press stop button for longer breaks.
Press stop button to end recording.
Press stop on the tape deck too.
Press stop on the toolbar.
Press stop when done.
Press strips at rim of pan to adhere and trim away excess dough even with top of pan.
Press strips open toward the outside of the block.
Press strips to seal.
Press submit just once please.
Press submit only once and wait a few minutes.
Press submit only once.
Press submit or reset button once only.
Press submit up the items starting with the most recent addition.
Press submit when finished.
Press submits for each course.
Press suspend to susppend the animation at any time.
Press switch in down direction and release.
Press switch to open gate instead of guard at exit.
Press switches together to create new filter types.
Press takes care to distinguish between patient satisfaction and a positive medical outcome.
Press thins out.
Press toothpick into center.
Press tops with floured fork tines.
Press tops with the back of a fork.
Press trips to the producing countries.
Press truffles onto wooden picks.
Press verify total on personal vendor unit.
Press view to see the background color change.
Press view to see the text of the outline.
Press walnuts into a pattern into butter.
Press welts over seam roll, then press both top and bottom pocket bags toward hem.
Press wholes into the three coconut eyes using nails and a hammer.
Press WSs together, and clamp with clothespins to dry.
Press XFER Dial the third party - wait for answer.
Press yarn the length of heart's diameter firmly into glue, following the glue outline around edge.
Press yolks through a sieve and set aside.
Press yolks through a strainer or sieve.
Press z to stop a transfer.
Press z to zoom in on the selected messages.
Press zoom again to zoom out.
Presses also differ in the style of printout they send to the author for review of the copyediting.
Presses also use cloth or wire screens to hold the solids as the liquid is pushed through.
Presses are capable of running roll to roll, roll to sheet and roll to fanfold.
Presses contain separate printing units for each color.
Presses Includes some classics, and one work on grafitti art.
Presses offer closed-loop process control and automatic monitoring capabilities.
Presses only publish when they have a market for their books.
Presses sketch on roller to produce impression of design.
Presses start in the new Garden City plant.
Presses switch to stop conveyor for malfunctions.
Presses vary from simple vacuum bag presses to complex multi-opening hot presses.
Press Always correct magazines and newspapers carrying inaccurate stories.
All press are welcome to cover the arrival.
All press is good press.
All press is invited to attend the members' departure at that time.
All press releases for the last year are available on the web as well.
All press releases, Plenary statements, etc.
All presses use aluminum printing plates, which are recyclable.
Any press is good press.
Any press is valuable.
Any press proofs, slides, etc.
Every press sends a code and every release sends the same code but for the final bit.
Many presses come into being as niche presses.
Most presses are noisy.
Most presses offer a description or summary of each title as well.
Much press is given to the 'plight' of Australian teams in the Subcontinent.
Some press releases cause anxiety, and patients quickly ask their doctor questions.
Some press releases from the past year are also available.
Some press releases online.
Some press releases, a helpful glossary and a thesaurus are among the background information.
Some presses have a fairly weak center arm that allows downward deflection when the print is made.
Some presses have an easy off-contact adjustment.
Some presses use six colors or more.
Pressed brick is denser, less porous, and has a more uniform color than common brick.
Pressed caviar contains four times more roe than fresh caviar of the same weight.
Pressed flowers add a timeless touch to a wide range of craft projects.
Pressed flowers create beautiful cards , pictures, and decorative frames or candles.
Pressed Flowers Keep a Spring flower beautiful all year long.
Pressed Leaves Give each child two identitical pieces of waxed paper.
Pressed motif is on the underside of the brim.
More pressing problems are traffic, pollution and so on.
Pressing is forging.
Pressing is handling.
Pressing is parts.
A pressman is a skilled worker
Pressman dishes out big-screen advantages, opening up the film and letting it breathe.
Pressman is a broadcast concentrator looking to learn more about new media.
Pressman is enthusiastic about the current state of the picture.
Pressman truly is the donut king .
Pressure altimeters use an aneroid barometer with a scale graduated in altitude instead of pressure.
Most pressure altimeters are subject to mechanical, elastic, temperature, and installation errors.
Pressure altitude is an imaginary altitude that is used for vertical separation.
Pressure bandage is applied.
Pressure chamber is loaded cryogenically with liquid argon.
Pressure control is specified in terms of a minimum tubing - or bottom hole pressure.
Pressure cooks are pans.
A pressure cooker is a vessel
Pressure cookers allow cooking at higher temperatures , which allows faster cooking .
Pressure cookers allow cooking at higher temperatures, which allows faster cooking.
Pressure cookers are also more energy-efficient because they reduce cooking time.
Pressure cookers are autoclaves.
Pressure cookers are considerably more energy efficient than regular ovens.
Pressure cookers are especially likely to impart metal into the food.
Pressure cookers are good and jug kettles better than others.
Pressure cookers are ideal for vegetarian cooking because they make quick work of grains and beans.
Pressure cookers are safe and easy to use.
Pressure cookers are the greatest galley gadget for small boats.
Pressure cookers are time savers too.
Pressure cookers can easily pay for themselves in energy savings with regular use.
Pressure cookers can reduce the cooking time significantly for people on a tight time schedule.
Pressure cookers combine the worst of all worlds.
Pressure cookers require considerably less cooking time than standard pots and pans.
Pressure cookers use compressed steam heat to cook food.
Pressure cookers use less energy for stove top cooking because foods cook in less time.
Pressure cookers use much less energy than ordinary pots and pans.
Pressure cookers work in the opposite direction.
Pressure cookers work on the same principle.
All pressure cookers have a vent for realeasing excess pressure.
Pressure cooking helps to elminate the latter.
Pressure cooking is an excellent and speedy way to cook just about anything.
Pressure cooking is the process of being able to seal in water and air below a certain pressure.
Pressure cooking is three to ten times faster than ordinary cooking methods.
Pressure cuff is wrapped around one thigh.
Pressure detectors warn of leaks in shaft seal.
Pressure distributions form the heart of our ski selection process.
Pressure drag comes from the the eddying motions that are set up in air by the passage of the rider.
Pressure drag depends on the way the rider moves through the air.
Pressure drag is due to the disruption of the smooth flow of air over the aerodynamic surface.
Pressure drop is a measurement expressing the restriction of air flow through an air filter.
Pressure drop is approximately equal to that of a regular fiberglass filter.
Pressure drop is directly related to the moisture content in the media and the media pore size.
Pressure drop is function of filter geometry and inlet air velocity.
Pressure drop is lower than in ceramic structures on a unit volume comparison.
Pressure drops are a result of air moving across a filter.
Pressure equipment means vessels, piping, safety accessories and pressure accessories.
Pressure equipment means vessels, piping, safety accessories, and pressure accessories.
A pressure gauge is a gage
Pressure gauge allows direct monitoring of lubricator chamber pressure.
Pressure gauge has a luminous face.
Pressure gauge reads zero.
Pressure gauges are gauges.
Pressure gauges are inexpensive.
Pressure gauges can explode.
Pressure gauges range from general use to specialty applications.
Many pressure gauges give only the gauge pressure.
Pressure gradients are at their annual minimum and winds as a result also tend to be light.
Pressure gradients are important in many membrane processes and in heterogeneous catalysis.
Pressure Gradients arise from differences in temperature.
Pressure gradients build and the gels risk to fracture.
Pressure gradients force the blood back to the heart and the process begins again.
A pressure group is an unit
Pressure groups are less influential, and government and the media are neutral.
Pressure groups are political movement.
Pressure groups believe the council is fudging the issue, however.
Pressure groups can have significant effect on policies.
Pressure groups do have a role, but like other weapons there is a danger in their use.
Pressure groups improve the quality of government.
Pressure groups prefer to give only one point of view which can be dogmatic and often hysterical.
Pressure groups provide a means of popular participation in national politics between elections.
Many pressure groups invent their own rights according to their special social needs.
Pressure head is a component of hydraulic head , in which it is combined with elevation head.
Pressure hull is divided into compartments separated by pressure bulkheads with watertight doors.
A pressure level is a physical phenomenon
Pressure levels represent the data on constant pressure surfaces, eg.
Pressure measurement is one of the most critical process parameter in various industries.
Pressure measurements are less common in home and small business applications.
Pressure pads push against the patient s curve to prevent further deformity.
A pressure point is trouble
Pressure points add to the effectiveness of both massage and self defense techniques.
Pressure points are a point between the heart and the wound where the pulse is easily felt.
Pressure points are areas.
Pressure points are part of bodies.
Pressure points are part of skin.
Pressure points are points.
Pressure points are trouble.
Pressure points can cause great pain and very little pressure has to be applied.
Pressure ratio is the ratio of the compressor discharge pressure and the inlet air pressure.
Pressure regulators can reduce the water application variation.
Pressure regulators can reduce the water pressure.
Pressure relief allows the blood to flow in and out of the tissue to exchange nutrients and waste.
Pressure relief is critical for successful treatment.
Pressure relief valves.
Pressure ridges insure a gas tight contact and dramatically reduces contact resistance.
Pressure sensor gives also information for vertical positioning.
Pressure sensors are also available.
Pressure sensors can also indicate machine health , like the oil sensor on an automotive engine.
Pressure sensors provide a more continual representation of water-level fluctuations.
Pressure sensors used in the consumer market have specialized functions.
Most pressure sensors utilize a rigid diaphragm as the primary sensing element.
Pressure sodium lamps produce light.
Pressure sodium vapor light has effects.
Pressure sodium vapor light has lesser effects.
Pressure solution is also an important way to form cleavage .
Pressure sore is ulcer
Pressure sores affect people who are unable to change position regularly.
Pressure sores are a serious complication of spinal cord injury.
Pressure sores are a strong indication of neglectful care.
Pressure sores are an extremely serious complication of spinal cord injury.
Pressure sores are areas of injured skin and tissue.
Pressure sores are common for people in wheelchairs or who are dependent on crutches.
Pressure sores are damage to tissue due to immobility.
Pressure sores are easier to prevent than to treat.
Pressure sores are most common on the heels and on the hips.
Pressure sores are very uncomfortable, and can become infected.
Pressure sores begin as a red sore on the skin.
Pressure sores can also affect muscle and bone.
Pressure sores can be serious, depending on how much of the skin and tissues have been damaged.
Pressure sores can develop from lying or sitting in one place too long.
Pressure sores can form in only a few hours.
Pressure sores can threaten a person's life and health.
Pressure sores develop when pressure is exerted against the bony parts of the body.
Pressure sores do happen in spite the care of dedicated nurses.
Pressure sores result when the pressure exerted by a pad or strap exceeds the normal amount.
Pressure support improves efficency of spontaneous breathing during inhalation anesthesia.
Pressure support is only helpful if the patient is going to be spontaneously breathing.
Pressure support lowers the work of breathing for the patient.
Pressure switch activates the powerful motor.
Pressure switches are available for pneumatic, vacuum and hydraulic applications.
Pressure systems cause the winds that make the sea rough.
Pressure systems cause weather experienced locally.
Pressure Systems Identify major pressure systems throughout the region.
Pressure systems suffer from exactly the same problems as vacuum systems do.
Pressure systems use precisely the same dry air pumps and gyro instruments as vacuum systems do.
Pressure tank regulates water flow.
Pressure tanks vary in size from under one gallon up to several hundred gallons.
Most pressure tanks contain a rubber bladder to capture the air.
Pressure transducers are also visible on some of the stakes going into the water.
Pressure transducers measure the pressure exerted by a column of liquid.
Pressure transducers measure water levels in the dewatering wells.
Pressure transducers measure water levels in the pumping wells.
Pressure transducers produce a voltage proportional to pressure.
Pressure Transducers provide analog output signal.
Pressure transducers track changes in hive weight.
Pressure transducers used in industry today take on a rather typical appearance.
Some pressure treats lumber.
Pressure treatment forces the mineral deep into the wood where it continues to diffuse.
Pressure treatment is a commercial process which forces preservative into the wood under pressure.
Pressure ulcer is diseases.
Pressure ulcers appear over bony parts of the body where there is irritation or pressure.
Pressure ulcers are a common and serious secondary complication of spinal cord injury.
Pressure ulcers are another area of concern.
Pressure ulcers are extremely painful and often require surgical repair.
Pressure ulcers are more likely to heal in residents that are mobile and continent.
Pressure ulcers are much more easy to prevent than to heal.
Pressure ulcers are sores that occur when pressure cuts off the blood supply to the skin.
Pressure ulcers arise due to a combination of situations and factors.
Pressure ulcers can also form behind the knees, for people confined to chairs or wheelchairs.
Pressure ulcers can also form on the knees, ankles, shoulder blades, back of the head, and spine.
Pressure ulcers can take a long time to heal if they are completely through the skin.
Pressure ulcers form where bone causes the greatest force on the skin and tissue.
Pressure ulcers heal best when they're clean.
Most pressure ulcers begin as a red area of skin.
Pressure vessels are available in aluminium, stainless steel or carbon steel.
Pressure vessels are wound with glass fiber and polyester resin and carbon fiber and epoxy resin.
All pressure vessels require the operator to maintain a daily record in a legal binding log book.
Any pressure vessel is truly a balloon.
Pressure washers are alot like vacuum washers.
Pressure Washers are also in stock.
Pressure washers are available at several locations.
Pressure washers are very powerful tools.
Pressure washers can actually etch a cinder block wall, further hastening the wall's demise.
Pressure washers clean vehicle parts with hot water and detergent at high pressures.
Every pressure washer carries a flow-rate capacity and a pressure capacity.
Pressure washing can have the same effect.
Pressure washing is also an acceptable method of cleaning.
Pressure washing is the superior cleaning method.
Pressure washing uses just a few physics concepts.
Pressure Washing Welcome to our web site.
Pressure waves are stronger than shear waves.
Pressure waves arriving at the surface reach one beam site before arriving at the second beam site.
Pressure waves can propagate from one medium to another.
Pressure waves require gas.
Pressure accompanies events.
Pressure acting on an area creates a force.
Pressure acts at right angles and is proportional to size, density and speed.
Pressure acts in all directions at a point inside a gas.
Pressure Add a divider and pile all of the spheres to one side.
Pressure adjusting handles turn counterclockwise to decrease the pressure.
Pressure affects absorption.
Pressure affects animals.
Pressure affects density.
Pressure affects development.
Pressure affects everybody.
Pressure affects golfers in many different ways.
Pressure affects liquid viscosity.
Pressure affects the boiling point of a liquid.
Pressure affects viscosity.
Pressure affects weight.
Pressure alone is an important additional factor with gases.
Pressure also changes the state of stress.
Pressure also changes with temperature.
Pressure also comes from college advisors looking out for their own skin.
Pressure also decreases with altitude.
Pressure also has a direct relationship to the heat being generated.
Pressure also has an impact on the state or phase of matter.
Pressure also has greater impact.
Pressure also increases due to blood vessels being occluded by contracting muscles.
Pressure also increases on traditional coastal industries.
Pressure also increases with depth.
Pressure also influences how divers use air.
Pressure also matters.
Pressure alters lifestyle.
Pressure ameliorates many symptoms.
Pressure angles on front and rear part of the pinion.
Pressure applies forces.
Pressure assures good electrical contact of the welded part of the sheet.
Pressure attracts it, while tension repels it.
Pressure becomes air pressure.
Pressure becomes air.
Pressure becomes outside air.
Pressure becomes pressure.
Pressure begins on the landowners to allow logging on their actual customary land.
Pressure begins to build up as well.
Pressure builds as more and more magma accumulates.
Pressure builds as the fluid increases and pushes against the ear drum causing pain.
Pressure builds behind the ice plug and eventually the ice seal is broken.
Pressure builds in the barrel until the barrel ruptures.
Pressure builds in the cylinder and lines as the brake pedal is depressed further.
Pressure builds in the frozen shell causing the comet to bulge and eventually crack.
Pressure builds inside the engine, forcing the power piston up.
Pressure builds okay.
Pressure builds on state for in-depth study.
Pressure builds on the corners and they break off.
Pressure builds on the heart and great vessels, diminishing venous return and cardiac output.
Pressure builds to act quickly.
Pressure builds to solve the case, and the public is seeing fiends lurking everywhere.
Pressure builds up and can press on the optic nerve or other structures.
Pressure builds up from steam being created inside from the heating.
Pressure builds up in the magma and an explosion results.
Pressure builds up near the centre of the well and ejects a jet along the rotation axis.
Pressure builds up on front of the object and decreases in the rear of the object.
Pressure builds up underground until it is sufficient to violently eject the water from the vent.
Pressure builds up until the gases escape violently and explode.
Pressure builds up until the small canister can no longer contain the gas.
Pressure builds up, forcing the magma to escape through a passageway called a vent.
Pressure can also alter the way proteins interact.
Pressure can be a good and bad thing.
Pressure can be an awesome burden.
Pressure can build up and herniate the brain through the foramen magnum.
Pressure can build up and infection can occur.
Pressure can build up behind the narrowed intestine and produce cramps.
Pressure can build up in closed cans and become a hazard.
Pressure can cause anxiety, and anxiety is a distraction.
Pressure can cause explosions of deep hidden resentments and the war is on.
Pressure can cause it.
Pressure can change a person totally.
Pressure can change matter from one state to another.
Pressure can come from crossing legs or recurrent stretch injury as a result of an unstable ankle.
Pressure can crack insulation and break the wires.
Pressure can create bony projections, skin atrophy, and dead skin tissue.
Pressure can do interesting things.
Pressure can do one of two things.
Pressure can effect the optic nerve and cause permanent vision loss.
Pressure can even cause the eardrum to rupture.
Pressure can help bring individuals like the military policemen to justice.
Pressure can irritate the nerve sheaths, sensitive muscles, and facet joints in the neck.
Pressure can make learning less enjoyable if it seems like a deadline or a duty.
Pressure can occur with patient sitting or lying down.
Pressure can persuade the individual to go ahead and get the abortion done.
Pressure can range from light to deep touch.
Pressure can result in focused attention and the use of unconscious reasoning.
Pressure can rise as deadlines have to be met.
Pressure can spread to the neck, shoulder, arms or back.
Pressure can take all the fun out of performing dramas.
Pressure can take all the fun out of work.
Pressure can work both ways.
Pressure causes air movement.
Pressure causes brain damage.
Pressure causes bullae, skin atrophy and necrosis.
Pressure causes cells in the irritated area to grow at a faster rate, leading to overgrowth.
Pressure causes damage.
Pressure causes discomfort and pain.
Pressure causes energy.
Pressure causes friction, and friction causes heat.
Pressure causes hypoxia and reactive hyperemia that clears the trigger point.
Pressure causes it to open.
Pressure causes kinetic energy.
Pressure causes leakage.
Pressure causes movement.
Pressure causes oil leakage.
Pressure causes osmosis.
Pressure causes rapid air movement.
Pressure causes rapid movement.
Pressure causes surface wind.
Pressure causes variation.
Pressure causes wind.
Pressure changes a. more rapidly in the horizontal direction than in the vertical.
Pressure changes aspects.
Pressure changes more rapidly with height in air that is more dense.
Pressure changes temperature.
Pressure changes the rates at which enzymes operate.
Pressure changes with altitude.
Pressure changes with depth in the Earth as a result of the increased weight of the overlying rock.
Pressure combines with moisture.
Pressure comes from all angles.
Pressure comes from container Pressure valve is defective.
Pressure comes from the incredible weight of material surrounding the rock on all sides.
Pressure comes from the swelling.
Pressure comes from within and without to minimize the differences caused by albinism.
Pressure comes gradually onto the feet as the shins become vertical.
Pressure comes in two flavors.
Pressure comes next.
Pressure comes on both sides, and it stops.
Pressure comes to be competitive, but the ministry calls more for cooperation.
Pressure Consider using devices to manage tissue load, such as Static or Dynamic support surfaces.
Pressure continues at home.
Pressure continues for ocean dumping because of the bottom line, according to the lawmakers.
Pressure contours at different sections in the filter vessel.
Pressure contours on a deflecting vane.
Pressure created by the cuff causes the blood flow to stop briefly in the arm.
Pressure created by the propellant being burned is what discharges a bullet.
Pressure creates energy.
Pressure creates intense pain.
Pressure creates pain.
Pressure declines pretty much linearly with height, because there is less atmospheric mass.
Pressure decreases as the speed or velocity increases.
Pressure decreases exponentially with altitude in the atmosphere.
Pressure decreases from the outer isobars toward the center in an anticyclone.
Pressure decreases with altitude.
Pressure decreases with height in proportion to the mass of the column.
Pressure defeats the very idea of voluntary giving.
Pressure depends on temperature.
Pressure depends on the average kinetic energy of the particles.
Pressure depends on two principles-depth and density.
Pressure depends upon both depth and density.
Pressure determines the density of carbon atoms in a given space, thus available source of growth.
Pressure develops as the heated component contracts.
Pressure develops under film and causes milk to boil over around sides of film.
Pressure die casting, permanent moulds, Centrifugal casting.
Pressure downward initiates button functions instead.
Pressure drains energy.
Pressure Dramatically increases with positions of wrist flexion.
Pressure drives expansion.
Pressure drives movement.
Pressure drives pistons.
Pressure drives the gear oil into the pinion bearing.
Pressure drop A weekly selection from the ever-expanding music scene.
Pressure drops accordingly.
Pressure drops in the core.
Pressure drops in the potable supply set up backsiphonage potential.
Pressure drops, so gravity begins to contract the star.
Pressure drops, the weight of the column forces more acid in and increases the production rate.
Pressure encounters resistance.
Pressure equals force divided by area.
Pressure exerted by each holds neighboring cubes in place.
Pressure exerted by magma in the rift generates small earthquakes in the south flank of the volcano.
Pressure exerted by the shoe against the bunion can be painful.
Pressure exerted by tumors is associated with epileptic seizures, schizophrenia, and autism.
Pressure exhibits a great role in the distribution of deep sea organisms.
Pressure exists but is economic rather than political.
Pressure exists due to added responsibility.
Pressure expresses serosanguineous fluid.
Pressure falls are a result of increased divergence aloft.
Pressure falls gradually with height until the atmosphere blends into interplanetary space.
Pressure falls, base to apex.
Pressure feels unbearable.
Pressure fittings more effectively protect bearings against the entry of foreign particles.
Pressure flaking creates the finely serated edges found on all sorts of stone tools.
Pressure forces the gaseous dye into the softened coating.
Pressure forces the magma up through the cracks, sometimes as far up as the earth's surface.
Pressure forces the paper into the depressed areas, and the image is transferred.
Pressure forces the water out of the land at a weak point which creates the spring.
Pressure gauges at each zone indicate clogging or a broken line.
Pressure gauges Fluid pressure in the spray system is monitored by a pressure gauge.
Pressure gets heavy on many people, they take their own lives.
Pressure gives perspective.
Pressure goes down.
Pressure gradually builds up below, setting the stage for a violent blast of pyroclastic material.
Pressure grows on police to stamp out ransom gangs.
Pressure Grows on Turkey to Find Cyprus Solution.
Pressure grows to consolidate toward larger farms or sell out to suburban developers.
Pressure grows to try the next diet plan that promises success.
Pressure has a very specific meaning in chemistry.
Pressure has always existed, the colleges say.
Pressure has direct effects.
Pressure has effects.
Pressure has little direct effects.
Pressure has little effects.
Pressure has negative effects.
Pressure has nothing to do with the motion of the rocket.
Pressure has opposite effects.
Pressure has the opposite effect on air.
Pressure has the opposite effect.
Pressure has to be applied on politicians to severe all links with Turkey.
Pressure has to be put on administrators and elected political leaders.
Pressure helps but volume is required to move the muck.
Pressure helps reduce bleeding and permits formation of a clot in the tooth socket.
Pressure helps, as in hypertrophic burn scars or pressure earrings for earlobe keloids.
Pressure holds the flap in place as it heals.
Pressure impacts soil strength.
Pressure impacts strength.
Pressure increases density.
Pressure increases here because more air fills the space left from the low.
Pressure increases on the lower bowel, impeding circulation.
Pressure increases same temperature.
Pressure increases solubility.
Pressure increases suddenly, usually in one eye.
Pressure increases temperature.
Pressure increases the boiling point so a high-pressure cryo.
Pressure increases to perform sexually because of approach of vacation and extended separation.
Pressure increases to perform sexually because of the approach of vacation and extended separation.
Pressure increases to support the weight of fluid.
Pressure increases viscosity.
Pressure increases with depth due to the weight of the overlying rocks.
Pressure increases with depth in the Earth caused by the weight of overlying material.
Pressure increases with depth inside solid earth much like pressure increases with depth in water.
Pressure increases with depth, be it in a water column or in rock.
Pressure increases with hard stool.
Pressure indicates weather.
Pressure indicating sensor films reveal tactile force distribution and magnitude.
Pressure influences physiology.
Pressure is a consequence of the moving gas molecules striking the sides of the container.
Pressure is a distributed force.
Pressure is a fine motivator.
Pressure is a force acting on a certain area.
Pressure is a form of physical stimuli that tries to get the body to react a certain way.
Pressure is a fundamental aspect of sports, so what counts is how coaches handle it.
Pressure is a good thing.
Pressure is a hard thing to deal with.
Pressure is a large factor in school now.
Pressure is a major role in the way bass act and bite.
Pressure is a measure of force applied per unit of area.
Pressure is a measure of the weight of the atmosphere above a point.
Pressure is a measurement of the resistance to flow.
Pressure is a physical phenomenon
Pressure is a scalar quantity, acting in all directions.
Pressure is a scalar.
Pressure is a stress where the forces act equally from all directions.
Pressure is a subtle thing, causing damage erratically over a long period of time.
Pressure is a warning flag to heed.
Pressure is a word that is misused in our vocabulary.
Pressure is about one-trillionth of Earth's atmospheric pressure.
Pressure is above atmospheric, optimum pressure being determined by experiment.
Pressure is added and released with the wingnuts.
Pressure is added by greedy investors, marketeers, and advertisers to produce more.
Pressure is adjusted in accordance with veneer characteristics.
Pressure is affected by our level of confidence.
Pressure is all self-inflicted.
Pressure is all-important in practicing pastel techniques.
Pressure is also a critical factor in changing some gases to liquids or solids.
Pressure is also extreme on domain names that can be found in an English dictionary.
Pressure is also higher on the people in the garages.
Pressure is also related to density .
Pressure is also related to density.
Pressure is an altogether different matter, however.
Pressure is an amazing thing.
Pressure is an example of how to make a small scale movie right.
Pressure is an inside job.
Pressure is applied against the outside of the elbow by pressing with the inner edge of the forearm.
Pressure is applied against the outside of the elbow by pressing with the upper arm.
Pressure is applied and the law bent backwards.
Pressure is applied by a trigger.
Pressure is applied centrally as the instrument is rotated in a circular manner.
Pressure is applied directly down to the skin or angeled in the direction of the meridian flow.
Pressure is applied every few centimetres by compressing the transducer head against the skin.
Pressure is applied followed by dressings.
Pressure is applied for a few seconds and the wound is covered with a bandage.
Pressure is applied if bleeding occurs.
Pressure is applied inward and downward until contact is made with the fetal scalp.
Pressure is applied on the victim's abdomen with an upward motion.
Pressure is applied over the area after the blood is collected to prevent bleeding.
Pressure is applied over the full length of the joint in one step.
Pressure is applied slowly with the continuing consent of the client.
Pressure is applied to an airy substance called gas .
Pressure is applied to an airy substance called gas.
Pressure is applied to depress the shank of the hook.
Pressure is applied to dished or concave side, subjecting disk metal to tension loading.
Pressure is applied to eliminate dead space.
Pressure is applied to keep mating parts in proper alignment.
Pressure is applied to minimize the post-operative hematoma.
Pressure is applied to stimulate specific acupoints to reduce the inflammation of the conjunctiva.
Pressure is applied to stimulate specific acupoints to relax tense muscles.
Pressure is applied to stop the bleeding if it occurs.
Pressure is applied to the biopsy site to stop bleeding and a bandage is applied.
Pressure is applied to the biopsy site to stop the bleeding , and a bandage is applied.
Pressure is applied to the collection site until bleeding stops.
Pressure is applied to the feet towards the center of the car while adjusting the tension.
Pressure is applied to the incision by hand or with a special belt.
Pressure is applied to the jaws by two coil springs fitted on a pin through the jaws.
Pressure is applied to the leg to reduce haemorrhage.
Pressure is applied to the meridians to stimulate the body's energy flow.
Pressure is applied to the outside of the knee while the knee joint is slowly bent.
Pressure is applied to the pressure bellows from the outside.
Pressure is applied to the puncture site to prevent bleeding, and the site is bandaged.
Pressure is applied to the site.
Pressure is applied to the weak disc until pain is felt.
Pressure is applied using an ace bandage for one, two, or three days.
Pressure is applied with a pliable rubber roller.
Pressure is applied with the fingers to stimulate specific acupoints to block pain messages.
Pressure is applied with the fingers, thumb, or heel of the hand.
Pressure is applied, using an ace bandage for one, two, or three days.
Pressure is associated with collisions of the particles with the container walls.
Pressure is balanced by relaxation - neither is absolute.
Pressure is built up due to lack of circulation and can cause fluid to leak into the lung tissue.
Pressure is by then sufficient to liberate the imagination and move to a creative society.
Pressure is calculated in the manuals changing anything changes everything.
Pressure is caused by depletion.
Pressure is caused by expansion.
Pressure is caused by volume depletion.
Pressure is caused from trapped blood forcing water down into the tissues of the feet and ankles.
Pressure is controlled by an adjustable relief valve.
Pressure is controlled by an electronically controlled screw worm jack.
Pressure is controlled by turning the screws.
Pressure is created by the heart pumping blood through the arteries.
Pressure is defined as a force acting equally from all directions.
Pressure is defined as force acting on a unit area .
Pressure is defined as force or weight over an area.
Pressure is defined as force per area.
Pressure is defined as force per unit area .
Pressure is defined as force per unit area, and area is related to the diameter of the tube.
Pressure is defined as force per unit area.
Pressure is defined as the amount of force per unit area.
Pressure is defined as the force exerted per unit area of surface.
Pressure is defined as the force per unit area.
Pressure is defined as the ratio of the force exerted to the area the force acts on.
Pressure is definitely the biggest problem.
Pressure is dependent on the weight of fluid on an object.
Pressure is determined by the stretch or the amount of tension placed on the heart muscle.
Pressure is determined with the aid of a barometer, measuring of course the atmospheric pressure.
Pressure is developed so that the ice and soil above it are lifted.
Pressure is different from parental interest and encouragement.
Pressure is difficult to separate from the other factors.
Pressure is directed with a system of control valves, check valves, reservoirs and accumulators.
Pressure is dispersed along the posterior thighs.
Pressure is dissipated down through the various layers of materials within the pavement.
Pressure is distress.
Pressure is distributed evenly to the whole body only where needed.
Pressure is distributed into overlapping air compartments which are contained in a special sleeve.
Pressure is distributed non-homogenously.
Pressure is distributed over a wider area reducing feeling of tightness and constriction.
Pressure is due to the force required to keep the molecule in a fixed volume.
Pressure is either a humbling experience or it brings out pride in self.
Pressure is equal above the servo piston and in the accumulator volume chamber.
Pressure is equal to the force acting on an object divided by the area upon which it is acting.
Pressure is equal to the force divided by the area on which it acts.
Pressure is equal to the height times the density of the fluid.
Pressure is essential.
Pressure is everywhere.
Pressure is exerted by dense gases.
Pressure is exerted by forces.
Pressure is exerted by gases.
Pressure is exerted by hot gases.
Pressure is exerted by liquids and gases and is equal in all directions.
Pressure is exerted by the public for political action.
Pressure is exerted downward on the ice as contact is made with the puck.
Pressure is exerted from a number of sources, including payers, providers, patients, and regulators.
Pressure is exerted in all directions in a system.
Pressure is exerted in all sorts of ways.
Pressure is exerted over the tip of the tire using a special ratchet.
Pressure is exerted to cause penetration and vibratory or circular movements are made.
Pressure is exerted to keep the transducer in contact with the skin.
Pressure is experienced when a force is applied to an area.
Pressure is expressed as the amount of force applied per unit of area.
Pressure is extremely high in the deep parts of the ocean.
Pressure is felt here in Kenya.
Pressure is focused in deep tissue over bony prominences.
Pressure is force divided by area which is mass x gravity over pai x radius squared.
Pressure is force divided by area.
Pressure is force divided by the area over which that force is applied.
Pressure is force in outward direction, gravity is force pulling star in.
Pressure is force per unit area.
Pressure is forces.
Pressure is found in every aspect of life and is hard to overcome.
Pressure is generated by a heavy duty, multi-air bag system.
Pressure is generated by air.
Pressure is generated by incidents.
Pressure is generated by projectile incidents.
Pressure is generated by the use of a differential area piston assembly.
Pressure is generated to ensure a positive transfer of adhesive and a permanent bond every time.
Pressure is given in inches of mercury.
Pressure is given in millibars and time is local time of day at the lander site.
Pressure is given.
Pressure is good.
Pressure is great for quick change.
Pressure is greatest in the dependent regions of the lung .
Pressure is high in large arteries, but decreases as they approach the capillaries.
Pressure is highest as the heart contracts and circulates blood throughout the body.
Pressure is highest in the fall and spring when carbon dioxide is released into the atmosphere.
Pressure is how thick or dense the air is.
Pressure is in millibars.
Pressure is in the tanks.
Pressure is increased by pumping water into the vessel.
Pressure is inferred from the overall appearance of the sample.
Pressure is injected between disk and valve inlet.
Pressure is intensified by the fact that London has the worst nursing shortages in England .
Pressure is inversely propotional to volume.
Pressure is kept off.
Pressure is key to prevent proud flesh and promote healthy healing.
Pressure is light to moderate but some fields have required treatment.
Pressure is light.
Pressure is limited due to the effect it has on deflection of the seal faces.
Pressure is limited only by the bursting strength and available power of the pump.
Pressure is low to moderate.
Pressure is low.
Pressure is lower for given steam output conditions than in pressurized water reactor.
Pressure is lowest between heartbeats, when the heart is at rest.
Pressure is maintained at varying or no flow.
Pressure is maintained by pumping the handle on the top of the tank.
Pressure is maintained in the distribution system by pressure-control variable speed motors.
Pressure is male and suction is female movement.
Pressure is measure in Pascals .
Pressure is measure in Pascals.
Pressure is measured as force per area.
Pressure is measured as the force felt by a certain amount of surface area.
Pressure is measured at different places on the Earth using a barometer.
Pressure is measured by a device called a barometer .
Pressure is measured by the standard ruby fluorescence technique.
Pressure is measured in force per unit area.
Pressure is measured in inches of mercury.
Pressure is measured in many different units.
Pressure is measured in weight per unit of surface area.
Pressure is measured on a barometer.
Pressure is measured to the tenth.
Pressure is minimal on the venous side.
Pressure is moderate.
Pressure is monitored by pressure sensors in the large arteries that carry blood to the brain.
Pressure is mutual.
Pressure is necessary to get good adhesive contact.
Pressure is necessary to hold the scion in place, and for callus bridge formation.
Pressure is necessary to push propellants into the combustion chambers.
Pressure is necessary.
Pressure is needed to keep guns out of the hands of woman-beaters.
Pressure is negative as the folds close, but rises as the flow is cut off by the closing glottis.
Pressure is negative at the beginning of inhalation.
Pressure is negative.
Pressure is never good.
Pressure is nothing to Hampton now.
Pressure is often a positive force in the modern workplace.
Pressure is often the best incentive.
Pressure is on for a new standard.
Pressure is on for the Taiwan government to reach a compromise or agreement with China.
Pressure is on in the idyllic setting of a summer music festival.
Pressure is on new recruiting coordinator.
Pressure is on regarding presentation, public image, partnership, marriage.
Pressure is on teachers because the future of the system rests on teachers shoulders.
Pressure is on.
Pressure is one of the things that is necessary to pack sedimentary rock together.
Pressure is only a state of mind.
Pressure is our universal language.
Pressure is parents figuring out how to pay the doctor bill for a sick child or children.
Pressure is part of life.
Pressure is part of the negotiation game.
Pressure is physical phenomenons.
Pressure is placed on the partner to provide parental support and nurturing of the children.
Pressure is placed over the site.
Pressure is ported to the retract side of the actuating cylinders.
Pressure is positive during exhalation.
Pressure is positive during inspiration.
Pressure is positive during the breath hold.
Pressure is preset at a safe level and it just screws in between faucet and the hose.
Pressure is produced by nuclear reaction.
Pressure is produced by reaction.
Pressure is proportional to density times temperature.
Pressure is proportional to temperature.
Pressure is provided by the lip muscles.
Pressure is pumped in.
Pressure is punishment to a horse relieving pressure is reward.
Pressure is put on legislatures to legalize unnatural conduct.
Pressure is put on the children to do their homework and to do the best they can.
Pressure is put on the system in the opposite direction to the natural flow of osmosis.
Pressure is put upon legislatures to legalize unnatural conduct.
Pressure is recorded directly from the flow stream.
Pressure is regular.
Pressure is regulated accurately.
Pressure is regulated by assemblies downstream of each helium pressure isolation valve.
Pressure is regulated in the spritzer head.
Pressure is related to force, but it describes the distribution of force over surface area.
Pressure is related to volume by the pressure volume curve of the lungs.
Pressure is relatively minimal when the wrist is straight.
Pressure is released and the can is captured by the bungie cord.
Pressure is relieved from the knees, making riding fun and comfortable.
Pressure is reported in millibars, which is a more precise scale than inches of mercury.
Pressure is sensation.
Pressure is sensed as a desire to defecate.
Pressure is sensed by very fine deflections of a sensing diaphragm.
Pressure is sent through the blade rotation control valve to the blade positioner hydraulic motor.
Pressure is sent to the actuating cylinders, extending the speed brakes.
Pressure is sent to the rotor brake and blocks pressure from the automatic blade folding system.
Pressure is shown using a color map on horizontal cut planes through the space.
Pressure is simply the ratio of force to the area on which the force acts.
Pressure is something that is present in high performance tennis.
Pressure is still strong to reform and reduce regulation.
Pressure is supplied by shop air.
Pressure is tested by inserting a steel rod into the apple.
Pressure is the amount of force acting on an amount of area.
Pressure is the amount of force per unit area.
Pressure is the awareness of something demanding extending into the future.
Pressure is the biggest enemy that a player has to deal with in a tryout situation.
Pressure is the driving force that causes the water to move through the pipes.
Pressure is the effort variable like the force in mechanical systems.
Pressure is the force exerted by the gases in the atmosphere against the Earth.
Pressure is the force exerted per unit of surface area.
Pressure is the force of water within the system.
Pressure is the force per unit area applied to the surface of an object.
Pressure is the force per unit area exerted on an object or exerted by an object.
Pressure is the force that pushes water through pipes.
Pressure is the great unknown.
Pressure is the greatest environmental factor acting on deep-sea organisms.
Pressure is the intensity of force.
Pressure is the key theme.
Pressure is the measure of how much pushing force something is putting on another object .
Pressure is the measure of how much pushing force something is putting on another object.
Pressure is the perpendicular force per unit area, or the stress at a point within a confined fluid.
Pressure is the primary external cause of ischemic damage and tissue necrosis.
Pressure is the repellent force that pushes away, decomposes and contracts.
Pressure is the result of extensive research into the healing traditions of Asia.
Pressure is the result of force applied to a given area.
Pressure is the result of the molecules all imparting momentum to a wall.
Pressure is the same as force.
Pressure is the same as the water main.
Pressure Is the thrust or force per unit area.
Pressure is the trouble.
Pressure is the weight of air pressing down on the earth's surface.
Pressure is thick.
Pressure is transferred along the lower leg, which is supported by a patented elevation pad.
Pressure is transferred from the heel to the lower leg.
Pressure is upward and inward.
Pressure is used because it has a large influence on base temperature to be controlled.
Pressure is used to drive out gas bubbles trapped in the resin.
Pressure is used to get a horse to do something, desensitization, or as an excercise.
Pressure is usually a symptom anyway.
Pressure is usually most effective if it is applied as firmly as possible without causing pain.
Pressure is variable to the system through an adjustable compensator on the pump.
Pressure is vectors.
Pressure is very different from pain.
Pressure is very important.
Pressure is very strong at sea level and goes down as the altitude goes up.
Pressure is what held the water and mercury up in our experimental tubes.
Pressure is what's wanted.
Pressure isa phenomenon.
Pressure Keeping reality safe is full time job and requires eternal vigilance and attention to duty.
Pressure keeps it real.
Pressure leads to accumulation variability.
Pressure leads to character displacement.
Pressure leads to development.
Pressure leads to differences.
Pressure leads to displacement.
Pressure leads to variability.
Pressure limits the range of extremophiles less than temperature does.
Pressure makes a difference.
Pressure makes a person more focused.
Pressure makes diamonds and friction makes pearls.
Pressure makes retrieval problems worse.
Pressure makes the game.
Pressure makes things hot.
Pressure making the pain better suggests deficiency.
Pressure making the pain worse suggests excess.
Pressure mays have adverse effects.
Pressure mays have effects.
Pressure measures in pascals.
Pressure moves from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Pressure moves the gas from wellhead to homes and businesses.
Pressure needs to be brought now on the legislature so the veto is sustained.
Pressure normally fluctuates.
Pressure occasionally comes from the patients themselves.
Pressure omni large diaphragm.
Pressure piles on One.
Pressure Pipefittings with push-in joints produced.
Pressure points on the wrists that can help reduce nausea.
Pressure precedes storms.
Pressure precludes time to reflect.
Pressure produced by any bar has a value.
Pressure produces cloudy weather.
Pressure produces resistance.
Pressure produces weather.
Pressure produces wet weather.
Pressure provides resistance in our lives.
Pressure purge all used fluid and contaminants.
Pressure pushes charge.
Pressure pushes it outward and flattens it.
Pressure pushes on the outside walls-they grow firm, Simultaneously inner forces increase.
Pressure raises water.
Pressure ranges from light to firm.
Pressure ranges from light to heavy and species makeup of infestations is a mixed bag.
Pressure ranges varied based on the air speed capability of the wind tunnel.
Pressure ranks with temperature as a useful thermodynamic parameter.
Pressure reaches to peak point at that time and is called systolic pressure .
Pressure read-back capability allows monitoring of actual regulated pressures.
Pressure reduces capacity.
Pressure reduces the blood supply, causing death in the tissue layers.
Pressure reduces the temperature of maximum density.
Pressure remains lower in Kent.
Pressure remains on the current round of talks.
Pressure remains relatively constant, but a marked increase in volume takes place.
Pressure remains to make cars cleaner and safer.
Pressure required at the outlet depends on the type of outlet and control.
Pressure required is adjustable.
Pressure resists forces.
Pressure results in forces.
Pressure ridges cause more delays and skiing becomes impossible.
Pressure ridges form huge piles of sea ice along the Chukchi Coast.
Pressure ridges form.
Pressure ridges in the ice can sometimes reach three times that height.
Pressure rinse the engine compartment last.
Pressure rinse the wheel and tire thoroughly.
Pressure rinse the wheel thoroughly.
Pressure Rinsing Use a special nozzle attached to a water hose.
Pressure rises in the eye, causing damage to the optic nerve.
Pressure rises in the urinary tract causing a backward pressure on the kidneys .
Pressure rises to a danger zone and actually begins to knock out the function of nerves and muscles.
Pressure rises when the drainage holes are clogged, causing fluid to back up in the eye.
Pressure rises with no change in volume, as the water is pumped to boiler pressure.
Pressure rolls to ensure each work piece is sanded equally.
Pressure s just too great.
Pressure seems to be their fuel.
Pressure seems to energize Woods.
Pressure sensitive down stop.
Pressure stalks the practitioner.
Pressure starts on the perimeter.
Pressure stays in.
Pressure steadily builds to apocalyptic levels.
Pressure still needs to be applied.
Pressure stimulates development.
Pressure stimulates secretion.
Pressure suggests power, strength, aggression, dynamism even.
Pressure sustains blood pressure.
Pressure sustains pressure.
Pressure switches respond to fluid pressure.
Pressure takes toll on police dept.
Pressure tends to change an item's shape.
Pressure tends to equalize, and magma follows the path of least resistance.
Pressure tends to increase the modulus, temperature tends to decrease the modulus.
Pressure tends to push water and solute molecules out of the plasma into the filtrate.
Pressure test the cape to check it out.
Pressure test the cooling system.
Pressure test the old tank after it is emptied, clean the tank and fill it with sand.
Pressure tests the plumbing before insulating.
Pressure then builds inside the eye, causing damage and gradually destroying vision.
Pressure then builds up in the sinus leading to sensory nerve pain.
Pressure then builds, causing pain in the middle ear.
Pressure then goes around the sore spot and on the pad.
Pressure treated lumber is an excellent material for piers and bulkheads.
Pressure treated lumber is the best choice to use when wood is to be exposed to weather in use.
Pressure treated lumber is today's industry standard for outdoor use.
Pressure turns coal into diamonds.
Pressure turns it all into hard rock .
Pressure turns it all into hard rock.
Pressure typically is applied through an electric solenoid or motorized device.
Pressure Use generally even pressure, but be sure to move the tip of the iron around all the edges.
Pressure uses high pressure.
Pressure uses pressure.
Pressure varies during the day depending on the demand for water placed on the supply system.
Pressure varies from light to heavy and the rate of application from slow to quick.
Pressure varies from place to place and and results in pressure systems.
Pressure varies smoothly from the Earth's surface to the top of the mesosphere .
Pressure varies with type of canner and altitude.
Pressure vessels safety factors.
Pressure wants to make a star expand.
Pressure wash new mortar residue from brick surface.
Pressure wash old rocks on Red Hill.
Pressure wash sculpture pieces.
Pressure wash sidewalks and driveways.
Pressure wash the bottom of apple bins to remove orchard debris.
Pressure wash the Cathedral of Learning and other dirty buildings.
Pressure wash the frame and engine compartment.
Pressure's a neat word.
Pressures are different for the front and rear of the motorcycle.
Pressures are different on both kids and parents, kids are different and society is different.
Pressures are equal above and below the main piston, and the main spring forces the valve to seat.
Pressures are factory set.
Pressures are great.
Pressures are greater for the students, even with the trend of grade inflation.
Pressures are high, travel is onerous, and the interview process can be painful.
Pressures are highest at the center of the pattern and decrease outward on all sides.
Pressures are immense in the deep-sea environment.
Pressures are indicated as pounds per square inch.
Pressures are most obvious in the summer months, but it is increasingly a year-round problem.
Pressures are on designers to turn out computers that provide better services.
Pressures are only measurable in conjunction with a reference pressure.
Pressures are reasonable, but have dropped significantly.
Pressures are recorded, then dye is injected into fluid-filled space that surrounds the spinal cord.
Pressures are so high inside a supernova that most atoms in the periodic table are produced.
Pressures are subtle.
Pressures are usually low after sitting all winter.
Pressures are volcanic .
Pressures build up to the exploding point.
Pressures can affect the drafting of combustion equipment like fireplaces or water heaters.
Pressures can reverse in dual seal applications.
Pressures change dramatically when the anxieties are unequal.
Pressures come and go with breadth exams and maybe love.
Pressures come from every direction.
Pressures come from family, peers, and the media.
Pressures exerted by the human population on the marine biosphere are substantial and Increasing.
Pressures exist to increase the endowment.
Pressures increase by the day to reduce U.S. military forces in Asia.
Pressures intensify from all sides.
Pressures mount as show time nears and folks search for their place.
Pressures mount up on everyone.
Pressure's on No.
Pressure's on small hospitals .
Pressures RISE in the western Pacific and FALL in the eastern Pacific.
Pressures slows through the cabin seals.
Pressures spring up like weeds until later in the day when things gradually even out.
Pressure's up, but there's a slow leak somewhere.
Pressure always brings out the best in players.
Pressure always decreases with altitude.
Pressure always results in mistakes.
Pressures sometimes make it difficult for organisations to commit to a given activity.
Pressure usually falls for an appreciable length of time before the fron-tal passage.
Pressure usually returns to normal after removal of the steroid regimen.
All pressure relieving devices work.
Any pressure interferes with respirations.
Many pressures affect business leaders.
Many pressures come from within the family unit, caused by poor choices by some family members.
More pressure brings more resistance.
More pressure can change the situation.
More pressure equals a stronger seal.
More pressure gives coarser snow - lighter pressure gives finer snow.
More pressure increases small droplet emissions.
More pressure is better.
More pressure is certainly useful in some situations, but it's also more dangerous.
More pressure is needed.
More pressure means more temperature.
More pressure means the engine has to deliver more horsepower.
More pressure needs to be placed on employers to ensure healthy and safe working conditions.
More pressure needs to be put on gangs to reduce the crime rate.
Most pressure accompanies events.
Most pressure affects absorption.
Most pressure affects animals.
Most pressure affects density.
Most pressure affects development.
Most pressure affects liquid viscosity.
Most pressure affects viscosity.
Most pressure affects weight.
Most pressure applies forces.
Most pressure becomes air pressure.
Most pressure becomes air.
Most pressure becomes outside air.
Most pressure becomes pressure.
Most pressure causes air movement.
Most pressure causes brain damage.
Most pressure causes damage.
Most pressure causes energy.
Most pressure causes kinetic energy.
Most pressure causes leakage.
Most pressure causes movement.
Most pressure causes oil leakage.
Most pressure causes rapid air movement.
Most pressure causes rapid movement.
Most pressure causes surface wind.
Most pressure causes variation.
Most pressure causes wind.
Most pressure changes temperature.
Most pressure combines with moisture.
Most pressure creates energy.
Most pressure creates intense pain.
Most pressure creates pain.
Most pressure depends on temperature.
Most pressure drives expansion.
Most pressure drives movement.
Most pressure drives pistons.
Most pressure encounters resistance.
Most pressure has direct effects.
Most pressure has effects.
Most pressure has little direct effects.
Most pressure has little effects.
Most pressure has negative effects.
Most pressure has opposite effects.
Most pressure impacts soil strength.
Most pressure impacts strength.
Most pressure increases density.
Most pressure increases same temperature.
Most pressure increases temperature.
Most pressure increases viscosity.
Most pressure indicates weather.
Most pressure is caused by depletion.
Most pressure is caused by expansion.
Most pressure is caused by volume depletion.
Most pressure is exerted by dense gases.
Most pressure is exerted by forces.
Most pressure is exerted by gases.
Most pressure is exerted by hot gases.
Most pressure is generated by air.
Most pressure is generated by incidents.
Most pressure is generated by projectile incidents.
Most pressure is produced by nuclear reaction.
Most pressure is produced by reaction.
Most pressure leads to accumulation variability.
Most pressure leads to character displacement.
Most pressure leads to development.
Most pressure leads to differences.
Most pressure leads to displacement.
Most pressure leads to variability.
Most pressure precedes storms.
Most pressure produces cloudy weather.
Most pressure produces weather.
Most pressure produces wet weather.
Most pressure raises water.
Most pressure reduces capacity.
Most pressure stimulates development.
Most pressure sustains blood pressure.
Most pressure sustains pressure.
Most pressure uses high pressure.
Most pressure uses pressure.
Much pressure is exerted on the initiate to show no fear or pain.
Much pressure is known and tolerated and part of everyday life.
Some pressure accompanies precipitation.
Some pressure acts on body size.
Some pressure acts on exhaust gases.
Some pressure acts on faces.
Some pressure acts on gases.
Some pressure acts on size.
Some pressure acts on walls.
Some pressure affects business.
Some pressure affects complexity.
Some pressure affects conductivity.
Some pressure affects elongation.
Some pressure affects evaporation.
Some pressure affects evolution.
Some pressure affects local business.
Some pressure affects maturation.
Some pressure affects primate evolution.
Some pressure affects teenagers.
Some pressure affects thermal conductivity.
Some pressure arises from production.
Some pressure associates with intense storms.
Some pressure associates with storms.
Some pressure becomes deterrent.
Some pressure becomes friction.
Some pressure brings weather.
Some pressure causes accidents.
Some pressure causes air.
Some pressure causes defects.
Some pressure causes digestion.
Some pressure causes disorder.
Some pressure causes fire.
Some pressure causes gases.
Some pressure causes growth.
Some pressure causes injuries.
Some pressure causes poor digestion.
Some pressure causes rays.
Some pressure causes urine.
Some pressure causes vibration.
Some pressure causes visual defects.
Some pressure causes water.
Some pressure changes over time.
Some pressure comes from locations.
Some pressure contributes to death.
Some pressure contributes to extinction.
Some pressure contributes to problems.
Some pressure contributes to security problems.
Some pressure contributes to stability.
Some pressure creates derive surface wind.
Some pressure creates surface wind.
Some pressure creates voltage.
Some pressure creates wind.
Some pressure damages blood vessels.
Some pressure damages lungs.
Some pressure decreases capillary filtration.
Some pressure decreases capillary fluid filtration.
Some pressure decreases filtration.
Some pressure decreases fluid filtration.
Some pressure decreases pressure.
Some pressure decreases with height.
Some pressure draws body fluid.
Some pressure draws fluid.
Some pressure drives charge.
Some pressure drives electrical charge.
Some pressure drives evolution.
Some pressure drives patterns.
Some pressure exacerbates disorder.
Some pressure exacerbates mental disorder.
Some pressure exacerbates underlie disorder.
Some pressure exacerbates underlie mental disorder.
Some pressure generates energy.
Some pressure has impact.
Some pressure has tendencies.
Some pressure increases engine cool passage.
Some pressure increases passage.
Some pressure increases states.
Some pressure induces damage.
Some pressure induces further damage.
Some pressure induces further kidney damage.
Some pressure induces kidney damage.
Some pressure influences behavior.
Some pressure influences behaviour.
Some pressure is applied by conveyors.
Some pressure is below limits.
Some pressure is caused by displacement.
Some pressure is caused by elevation.
Some pressure is caused by fusion.
Some pressure is caused by heat.
Some pressure is caused by helium fusion.
Some pressure is caused by intense fusion.
Some pressure is caused by osmosis.
Some pressure is caused by rarefaction.
Some pressure is caused by sound vibration.
Some pressure is caused by vibration.
Some pressure is caused by weather.
Some pressure is created by blood.
Some pressure is created by expansion.
Some pressure is created by sound waves.
Some pressure is created by violence.
Some pressure is created by waves.
Some pressure is exerted by fluid.
Some pressure is exerted by radiation.
Some pressure is exerted by wind.
Some pressure is generated by contraction.
Some pressure is generated by load.
Some pressure is generated by muscle contraction.
Some pressure is generated by solute.
Some pressure is off.
Some pressure is produced by attraction.
Some pressure is produced by compression.
Some pressure is produced by gravitational attraction.
Some pressure is produced by hearts.
Some pressure is produced by shock compression.
Some pressure is produced by shock waves.
Some pressure is produced by strong shock waves.
Some pressure is produced by water.
Some pressure is produced by waves.
Some pressure is released by mussels.
Some pressure leads to appearances.
Some pressure leads to cardiovascular diseases.
Some pressure leads to conditions.
Some pressure leads to damage.
Some pressure leads to death.
Some pressure leads to dimorphism.
Some pressure leads to disasters.
Some pressure leads to diseases.
Some pressure leads to disorder.
Some pressure leads to evolution.
Some pressure leads to extinction.
Some pressure leads to gigantisms.
Some pressure leads to harvest.
Some pressure leads to heart diseases.
Some pressure leads to kidney damage.
Some pressure leads to weather conditions.
Some pressure lowers effects.
Some pressure needs for conservation.
Some pressure needs for energy conservation.
Some pressure occurs during dehydration.
Some pressure occurs during explosions.
Some pressure occurs in foam.
Some pressure opposes filtration.
Some pressure opposes hydraulic pressure.
Some pressure opposes pressure.
Some pressure prevents diseases.
Some pressure prevents growth.
Some pressure prevents heart diseases.
Some pressure prevents mist.
Some pressure produces eruptions.
Some pressure provides drive forces.
Some pressure provides forces.
Some pressure provides information.
Some pressure pushes atoms.
Some pressure pushes balloons.
Some pressure pushes blood.
Some pressure pushes pistons.
Some pressure pushes proteins.
Some pressure pushes roots.
Some pressure pushes water balloons.
Some pressure raises cholesterol.
Some pressure reduces filtration.
Some pressure reduces stability.
Some pressure relates to temperature.
Some pressure relates to winter temperature.
Some pressure results from accumulation.
Some pressure results in damage.
Some pressure results in kidney damage.
Some pressure shows dose response effects.
Some pressure shows effects.
Some pressure shows linear effects.
Some pressure shows significant effects.
Some pressure shows significant linear effects.
Some pressure treats structures.
Some pressure triggers extinction.
Some pressure triggers secondary extinction.
Some pressures are internal, some external.
Some pressures are more constant than others.
Some pressures are of the purest motives and others are of greed, selfishness and partisanship.
Some pressures come from outside the relationship.
Pressures sores can be very difficult to heal.
Some pressurize reactors use heavy water.
Some Presta products help make shops and their workers cleaner and safer.
Presta valves are skinny, metal, lighter and found on high-end bikes.
Presta valves are the skinnier of the two valve types.
A prestidigitation is a trick
Prestidigitation Performs minor tricks.
Prestige accounts exempt.
Prestige is a standing
Prestige isa status.
Much prestige attends the successful hunter, especially the one who throws the first spear.
Prestigious alumni recall the value of co-op in their careers.
Prestigious awards are given by the industry for excellence in the various types of entertainment.
Prestigious company seeks individual to cover an extended vacation.
Prestigious corporation needs document indexers and preppers.
Some prestigious institutions require an up-front fee for the first three years of instruction.
Prestigious universities pride themselves on the learning that goes on outside the classroom.
Presumably livestock acquire the infection through grazing in areas contaminated with cat feces.
Presumption of innocence exists in criminal prosecutions.
Presumption brings punishment.
Presumption can retard spiritual development and understanding.
Presumption is a preconceived belief about certain things, events or people.
Presumption is a sin.
Presumption is an assumption
Presumption is audacity.
Presumption is easier to recognize than to define, easier to recognize in others than in oneself.
Presumption is in favour of occupation, of a full occupation.
Presumption is inference.
Presumption is on the side of the one in the Hebrew text being the oldest text of the three.
Presumption is our natural and original disease.
Presumption is our natural and original malady.
Presumption is the greatest of all dangers.
Presumption is the opposite of despair.
Presumption leads to destruction.
Presumption refers primarily to the attitude of one's heart.
Presumption seems to sum up the nature of the problem.
Presumptions are dangerous.
Presumptions are either legal and artificial, or natural.
Presumptions are something that the natural man has created.
Presumptions re parenthood of child born during marriage.
Presumptive eligibility removes that barrier to care.
Presumptive eligibility removes that barrier.
Presumptive evidence provides a logical reason to associate remains with an individual.
Presumptive remedies are also Superfund policy.
Presumptive taxation is suitable since evasion is rampant in the unorganised sector.
Presumptive tests measure the animal's response to the presumed presence of an agent.
Presumptive waiver lies the burden of proof with the juvenile rather than the state.
Presumptuous clarity serves only to paralyze thought.
Presumptuous clarity serves to paralyze thought.
Presumptuous sins are sins which arise out of pride and lead to presumption.
A presupposition is a conjecture
Presuppositions are principles of action.
Presuppositions are the basis for our world view.
Presuppositions can arise in many other language constructions as well.
Presuppositions play a critical, sometimes determinative role.
Presuppositions rest upon that which a person considers to be the truth of what exists.
All presurgical assessment is done here.
Presymptomatic detection is important since treatment can prevent organ damage.
Presymptomatic testing is known to impact specific areas of an individual's life.
Presymptomatic testing is now available for a variety of human genetic diseases.
Presynaptic depolarization facilitates neurotrophin-induced synaptic potentiation .
Pretax money invested in IRAs and other qualified pension plans grows on a tax-deferred basis.
Pretax profit consists of operating profit and the non-operating result.
Pretax profits are after interest but before taxes.
Pretec cards are available which are compatible with alesis synthesizers.
Preteen campers are notorious for their inability to attend to matters of personal hygiene.
Preteen years are a time of contradictions.
Preteen years are an important time for children to begin developing responsible behavior.
A preteen is a person
Preteens also experience increased pressure to conform to stereotyped gender roles.
Preteens also love to collect objects to sort through later in the car.
Preteens are about to enter the self-conscious stage.
Preteens are juveniles.
Preteens are very social and prefer to spend time with their friends.
Preteens can go to counselors at school to talk about problems.
Preteens compete at district level only.
Preteens deserve factual information for their healthy development.
Preteens go online in smaller percentages and under parental supervision.
Preteens live in a time warp.
Preteens often confront life with a newspaper approach.
Many preteens are very finicky eaters.
Some preteens fall in with the wrong crowd because of a lack of confidence in themselves.
Pretence is color
Pretences can hinder smart thinking and good living.
Pretences leave human beings when they are near death.
Pretend bosoms are a baby boomer's generational thing.
Pretend electricity is like water in a pipe.
Pretend summer is almost here.
Pretend cupcakes with candles and cherries and a candle headband are the day's crafts.
Pretend is pretense
Pretend play with toys and dolls is a fine vehicle even for children who are quite verbal.
A pretender is a slicker
Pretenders appear in different field, and their conduct is of little interest.
Pretenders are bands.
Pretenders are claimants.
Pretenders give themselves away in every nuance, motion and action.
Pretenders have an outer shell which opens to reveal the robot inside.
Pretenders have an outer shell which opens to reveal the transformable robot inside.
Pretense breeds confusion.
Pretense falls away.
Pretense has little place in our lives.
Pretense is always painful.
Pretense is deception.
Pretense is dissimulation
Pretense is imagination.
Pretense is misrepresentation.
Pretense is often an indispensable step in the attainment of genuineness.
Pretense is our worst enemy.
Pretense is probably our favorite target.
All pretense is abandoned with sizzling platters of tripitas asadas.
Pretension is quality
Pretension runs in the family.
Pretensions are a mortgage which burden a philosophers capacity to think.
Pretentious films Take revenge on arty cinema.
Pretentious language is a tool people use to raise their status.
More pretentious literature is lent by the teachers.
Some pretentious nonsense is thrown in at the last minute.
A preterist is a theologian
Preterists are theologians.
Preterists believe it did.
Preterists criticize what they call traditional views of interpreting Bible prophecy.
Preterists have an inconsistent method of Bible interpretation.
A preterm baby is a newborn baby
Preterm babies are often underweight at birth.
Preterm babies can have physical and mental disabilities that can be long-term.
Many preterm babies are also low-birthweight and face the same health risks.
Preterm birth increases the risks for infant illness and death.
Preterm birth is a major cause of infant illness and even death.
Preterm birth is a major cause of neonatal mortality and morbidity.
Preterm birth is more common in multiple pregnancies.
Preterm birth is one of the major healthcare problems of the western world.
Preterm births account for two thirds of all infant mortality in developed countries.
Preterm births are a major cause of low birthweight and other health problems in infants.
Preterm delivery is a major cause of death and illness in infants.
Preterm delivery places an infant at increased risk for severe complications or early death.
A preterm infant is a newborn baby
Preterm infant has complex interneuronal connections but different from term infants.
Preterm infants are at risk of periventricular haemorrhage.
Preterm infants are particularly vulnerable to aluminum because of their immature renal function.
Preterm infants have pulmonary immaturity which results in a surfactant deficiency.
Many preterm infants have trouble bottle-feeding.
Preterm labor accounts for about two-thirds of low birth weight babies.
Preterm labor associated with vaginal bleeding or rupture of the membranes is difficult to stop.
Preterm labor can also cause vaginal bleeding.
Preterm labor can happen to anyone, however, without warning.
Preterm labor can lead to delivery of a premature baby.
Preterm labor can result in neurologic handicaps and death of the infant.
Preterm labor is a major cause of preterm delivery.
Preterm labor is also highly likely for polyhydramnios.
Preterm labor is common in multiple pregnancy and is a leading cause of preterm delivery.
Preterm labor is different from incompetent cervix.
Preterm labor is one of the leading causes of low birthweight and infant mortality.
Preterm labor progresses the same.
Preterm labour can result in the birth of a premature baby.
Preterm labour is a common and serious problem.
Preterm labour remains the leading cause of neonatal mortality and morbidity.
Pretest counseling is required.
PreTest questions are good for review.
PreTest questions are good review for the test.
Pretext is misrepresentation
Any pretext suffices.
Pretibial myxoedema presents with a lumpy appearance over the shins.
Pretreated paper is placed over the patterned surface thus contact lifting the ink design.
Pretreatment failures are the single largest cause for rejects in the finishing industry today.
Pretreatment method Includes solids separator and lagoon storage.
Pretreatment procedures can decrease the risk of health effects from the reclaimed water.
Pretreatment recommendations are the same as above.
Pretrial detainees has no right to attend funeral.
Pretrial discussion is perfectly legitimate.
Pretrial monitoring begins after the initial hearing or when defendants are released.
Pretrial release includes the release and detention of defendants before adjudication.
Pretrial services is the agency responsible for monitoring defendants on bond.
Pretrip meeting is mandatory.
Pretrip meetings are for the benefit of the explorer and attendance is encouraged.
Prettiness courts dismissal, and in a very specific way.
Pretty bluebirds fly back and forth over the wet meadow.
Pretty chains contentthe contentthe beauties super sian pretty collections.
Pretty code follows some indentation standard, so the structure is visible with a glance.
Pretty drop has a pretty gold pendulum bead.
Pretty flowers grow, Used to smell so very nice.
Pretty food belongs in restaurants.
Pretty gardens extend into woodland complete with spectacular cliff-top walk looking over the ocean.
Pretty girls are albums.
Pretty girls are located in bars.
Pretty girls are located in beachs.
Pretty girls are our specialty - no aging porn stars here.
Pretty girls laugh in ugly girl faces.
Pretty girls lie at the centre of straight culture, dyke culture, fag culture.
Pretty girls like to suck real big cocks too.
Pretty graphics are an enhancement.
Pretty graphics are nice but content is king.
Pretty graphics come at a price, however.
Pretty grass is nice, but conservation is better.
Pretty lace is attached around the leg hem.
Pretty lamps provide more lighting and security at night.
Pretty lights decorate the yards.
Pretty metal sounds.
Pretty park is back.
Pretty pastels lend an appealing delicacy to the composition.
Pretty people are a dime a dozen.
Pretty people have problems, too.
Pretty People have their place in entertainment.
Pretty pictures are everywhere.
Pretty pictures are useless without mathematical and statistical analysis and interpretation.
Pretty pictures help a lot.
Some pretty pictures appear below.
Some pretty pictures are in a Smithsonian magazine article about bizarre bicycles.
Pretty princesses parade proudly passing people.
Pretty Prints Fold a paper towel any number of times.
Pretty table helps.
Pretty textbook tastes, actually.
Pretty thing blows a plastic prick.
Pretty weather brings out the criminals.
Pretty woman meets pretty man.
Pretty women are but one aspect of a larger picture.
Pretty women are everywhere.
Pretty women are films.
Pretty women are located in casinos.
Pretty women playing lesbians or pretend lesbians stand front and center.
Pretty women wear nicer clothes and even sport casually detached attitudes.
Pretty words can never say.
Pretzel Logic is one outgrowth of that cause.
A pretzel is a cracker
Pretzels are a good non-fat alternative to chips.
Pretzels are a mature category, so new products are even more important to it.
Pretzels are an excellent substitute for high-fat foods like chips.
Pretzels are as compatible with champagne as they are with beer or soft drinks.
Pretzels are better than potato chips.
Pretzels are bread.
Pretzels are crackers.
Pretzels are definitely lower in fat than high-fat chips.
Pretzels are food.
Pretzels are great.
Pretzels are just as bad as peanuts.
Pretzels are located in sporting events.
Pretzels are located in train stations.
Pretzels are lower in both fat and calories than potato chips.
Pretzels are metaphysical.
Pretzels are naturally low in fat.
Pretzels are pastry.
Pretzels are ready for serving.
Pretzels are snack food.
Pretzels are the perfect low-fat snack.
Pretzels are very good.
Pretzels become spectacles, pretzel sticks - log cabins.
Pretzels can be flavorful, too.
Pretzels can be long and thin, short and fat, or round.
Pretzels get the thumbs up while fruit leather fails the test.
Pretzels have more fat that potato chips.
Pretzels have very little fat.
Pretzels normally have almost no fat at all.
Pretzels seem wholesome.
Pretzels taste better than money.
Preussag today is the leading European tourism and services group.
Prevalence of smoking remains high in lower socioeconomic classes.
Prevalence rates are highest among minority men, followed by African-American women and white men.
Prevalence rates can be high within animal facilities.
Prevalence rates increase with the complexity of the problem.
Prevalence rates refer to numbers of people who have experienced crime.
Prevalence rates vary by country, but people of European descent are the most likely victims.
Prevalence approximates incidence times duration.
Prevalence begins soon after tooth eruption in susceptible children and increases with age.
Prevalence correlates with advanced age and dependent mobility status.
Prevalence differs from one area to another.
Prevalence increases with age.
Prevalence is function of definition used.
Prevalence is generality
Prevalence is generality.
Prevalence is highest in conditions of poverty and overcrowding.
Prevalence is much lower in men than in women.
Prevalence is ratios.
Prevalence refers to the current number of people suffering from an illness in a given year.
Prevalence refers to the number of existing cases during some specific period of time.
Prevalence refers to the rate of the disorder present in the population at a given point in time.
Prevalence refers to the total number of cases of a disease existing at a particular time.
Prevalence remains high in laboratory rodent colonies.
Prevalence reveals how many cases exist in a population at a given time.
Prevalence varies by geographic region largely because common flea-control insecticides control it.
Prevalence varies from year to year depending upon the number of beetles surviving the winter.
Prevalence varies over time with the observed incidence of infection dropping to zero in some sites.
Prevalence varies significantly depending upon the type of arthritis.
Prevenient grace is the seed.
Prevent core dumps on extremely long access log lines.
Prevent diseases require awareness.
Most prevent diseases require awareness.
Prevent epidemic diseases require awareness.
Prevent evasion is repeated over and over again.
Prevent process deficiencies.
Prevent product defects with reviews and verification.
Prevent root rot by growing rosemary in a spot that drains well.
Prevent root rot by keeping a tree fertilized and inspecting it regularly for changes.
Preventable accidents are the number one cause of death for children ages one to eight.
Preventable diseases are rampant and many children suffer from malnourishment.
Preventable diseases can quickly become epidemic given the medical conditions during war.
Preventable distortion can occur when the bead is being seated onto the rim of a drop center wheel.
Preventable injuries are the leading cause of childhood death and permanent injury.
Preventable injuries are the leading killer of children in the United States.
Preventable injury is the leading killer of American children.
Preventable injury remains the leading killer and disabler of children.
Preventable loss can cost much more than testing.
Preventable problems share a common solution in a primary health care infrastructure.
Preventative action can help reduce the risk of pneumonia.
Preventative action includes ensuring adequate internal controls are in place.
Preventative action is advised.
Preventative care is a major focus in our office.
Preventative care is also important and recommended.
Preventative care is critical for animals, just as it is for humans.
Preventative care is free.
Preventative care is important for identifying health problems before they become a major concern.
Preventative care is less expensive than care provided once a problem occurs.
Preventative care is much more cost effective.
Preventative care is now an important aspect of animal medicine.
Preventative care reduces the potential risk of chronic disease and disability.
Preventative checkups are cheaper than emergency care and involve less risk.
Preventative control consists of applying the insecticide just after eggs are laid.
Preventative controls cost less and are more effective in reducing risk.
Preventative counseling is another approach that works well.
Preventative efforts are of the utmost importance in preventing the escalation of gang membership.
Preventative fungicide spraying is done to control fungus diseases such as downy mildew.
Preventative health is common sense.
Preventative health is for everyone.
Preventative health is the best tool against sickness and disease.
Preventative healthcare is a Hot Topic for adolescents.
Preventative healthcare is very important for women, especially when it comes to breast cancer.
Preventative immunization consists of three vaccinations with the rabies vaccine.
Preventative law s always less expensive and time-consuming than itigation.
Preventative maintenance concentrates on tree root cutting and grease removal in designated areas.
Preventative maintenance includes pothole patching and slurry and crack sealing.
Preventative maintenance is a more cost-effective use of highway dollars.
Preventative maintenance is also a good idea.
Preventative maintenance is always better.
Preventative maintenance is always the best way to prevent bugs and errors in the first place.
Preventative maintenance is essential.
Preventative maintenance is one use of historical data.
Preventative maintenance is performed approximately every three weeks on every taxi in the fleet.
Preventative maintenance is performed to ensure minimum system failure incidents.
Preventative maintenance is simple and effective.
Preventative maintenance is the best way to decrease system and employee downtime.
Preventative maintenance is the easiest and least expensive type of maintenance.
Preventative maintenance is the key to a safe and healthy bike.
Preventative maintenance provides free labor on any repair needed during the warranty period.
Preventative management is used to prevent to complications that are often associated with diseases.
Preventative measures are always better than huge vet bill later.
Preventative measures are always better than the treatment of a disease condition.
Preventative measures are important because eye diseases develop over a long period of time.
Preventative measures are important.
Preventative measures are more effective for dented fenders than burglaries.
Preventative measures are only part of establishing alternatives to expulsion.
Preventative measures are safer and last longer.
Preventative measures are specific to what causes the symptom.
Preventative measures are to be taken.
Preventative measures are under way to preclude similar wiring damage on all vehicles.
Preventative measures are usually less expensive in the long run.
Preventative measures can be helpful in controlling insects.
Preventative measures can help reduce the risk of being stung.
Preventative measures can significantly reduce the incidence and severity of head injury.
Preventative Measures Install dead bolts.
Preventative measures save lives, and their costs are significantly less than the cost of passivity.
Some preventative measures can ease the anxiety of parents and of children.
Preventative measurers are helpful in controlling insects.
Preventative medication can cause complications in animals with established heartworm infections.
Preventative medication is available in three types.
Preventative medication is obtainable from all South African pharmacies.
Preventative medicine is about taking measures to avoid becoming sick.
Preventative medicine is the best in some instances.
Preventative medicine is the best kind.
Preventative medicine is the least expensive approach to maintaining a healthy workforce.
Preventative medicine is, of course, always the way to go.
Preventative methods are a better solution.
Most preventative procedures are free, and fees are reduced on all covered services.
Preventative programs save money in the long-term and make the best public policy.
Preventative services are at no cost.
Preventative services decrease the incidence of problems.
Preventative shots are effective against rabies in humans if they are given before symptoms begin.
Preventative steps are highly effective in controlling costs and avoiding unfavorable outcomes.
Preventative steps are the means for preventing squatting problems.
Preventative treatment begins with a diet that keeps the stool soft, bulky, and easy to pass.
Preventative treatment takes place before the house is constructed.
Some preventative treatments can delay shedding of the oocyst in feces.
Preventative work is better than rescue work.
Prevention magazine has a very good web site for health promotion and wellness.
Prevention magazine provides tips on how to prepare .
Prevention of crime is the basic mission of the police.
Prevention of diabetes needs to be our main focus.
Prevention of disease is a primary goal in aquaculture.
Prevention of disease is better than intervention after the fact.
Prevention of disease is certainly more enjoyable than waiting to treat problems as they occur.
Prevention of disease is easier, more practical, and more economical than cure.
Prevention of disease is one of the most important functions of any military medical service.
Prevention of disease is through use of protective clothing.
Prevention of illness is emphasised.
Prevention of illness is possible.
Prevention of strokes is of course paramount in a healthy lifestyle.
Prevention aims to reduce the severity of pest infestation.
Prevention also begins with a sufficiently protruding stoma for the ileostomate.
Prevention also depends on proper clothing and appropriate activity levels.
Prevention also encompases health promotion strategies.
Prevention also includes weight loss and smoking cessation.
Prevention also involves the behavioral, genetic and environmental aspects of risk assessment.
Prevention also involves the proper care of wounds.
Prevention also is an important element in hornworm control.
Prevention also is key.
Prevention also requires cleanliness and louse killing measures.
Prevention applies both within the organization and police service delivery.
Prevention applies to future at risk children.
Prevention Apply a commercial sun screen or a coating of zinc oxide.
Prevention assumes that children and adolescents learn healthy behavior from positive role models.
Prevention Avoid direct contact with cold sores or other herpes lesions.
Prevention Avoid direct contact with skin lesions .
Prevention Avoid the use of alcohol and other drugs during pregnancy .
Prevention Avoid the use of alcohol or central nervous system depressants if prone to sleep walking.
Prevention Avoid the use of powders, perfumes and irritating soap.
Prevention avoids the complications involved in remediating pesticide contamination.
Prevention Be aware of factors that can contribute to frostbite.
Prevention Be cautious in the use of drugs that suppress the immune system.
Prevention Be sure to clean up dead leaves around the plants.
Prevention beats remediation .
Prevention begins at an early age.
Prevention begins at home by teaching children to respect others.
Prevention begins at home.
Prevention begins by avoiding the conditions stress, noise, etc.
Prevention begins with a clean planting site and the use of weed free plants.
Prevention begins with a strategy that includes avoiding all heat losses into unheated spaces.
Prevention begins with accurate information and a commitment to positive behavior change.
Prevention begins with action.
Prevention begins with breastfeeding.
Prevention begins with cleaning all mats pre and post practice with a hospital grade disinfectant.
Prevention begins with communication.
Prevention begins with maximizing tree vigor and health.
Prevention begins with minimizing or reducing exposure to latex as much as possible.
Prevention begins with our individual awareness.
Prevention begins with our marriage.
Prevention begins with proper feeding of the cow during pregnancy.
Prevention begins with the control of plaque and calculus, the main cause of decay and gum disease.
Prevention begins with training everyone about the causes, effects, and methods of prevention.
Prevention can add healthy enjoyable years to one's life.
Prevention can add healthy enjoyable years to on's life.
Prevention can also take the form of minimizing injury or disturbance to individual trees or sites.
Prevention can be as powerful as a voice in the community.
Prevention can be both easy and life-saving.
Prevention can begin as young as the teen years, experts say.
Prevention can come from cycling at a slower pace or by training up to a higher fitness level.
Prevention can go a long way.
Prevention can make a difference.
Prevention can never be totally effective.
Prevention can play a significant role in reducing the economic burden of substance abuse.
Prevention can save lives and dollars.
Prevention can save lives.
Prevention can save much misery, and sometimes, life.
Prevention can start inside our homes.
Prevention can start with the drug that is most readily available.
Prevention can take the form of exercises for the back, spine, and abs.
Prevention can work for businesses of all sizes.
Prevention comes down to being careful and wearing boots with some ankle support.
Prevention comes down to living as naturally as possible in our modern culture.
Prevention Comes First.
Prevention comes from a better understanding of people.
Prevention comes in many shapes and sizes.
Prevention consists of avoiding close physical contact with untreated people.
Prevention consists of avoiding sharing socks, shoes, and showering facilities.
Prevention consists of following guidelines for foot care for people with diabetes .
Prevention consists of following safer sexual practices .
Prevention consists of improved sanitation and education about the disease.
Prevention consists of regular screening of all cats over the age of ten years.
Prevention consists of routine dental cleanings and home care, especially during pregnancy.
Prevention consists of using fertilizer low in boron.
Prevention consists of washing the hands frequently, particularly before eating.
Prevention continues to be the best medicine.
Prevention contributes to lasting improvement in safety.
Prevention costs less than recall.
Prevention costs less than time lost from work.
Prevention costs nothing.
Prevention covers nutrition, neonatology and adolescent medicine.
Prevention covers two aspects.
Prevention Create a safe environment for young children.
Prevention currently consists of applying several thin barrier coats of epoxy to the hull.
Prevention demands strict aseptic procedures and conditions.
Prevention depends on eliminating the source of infection.
Prevention depends on giving in infected mother an antibiotic at the time of delivery.
Prevention depends on good sanitation and minimizing the exposure of teat ends to bacteria.
Prevention depends on identifying and eliminating the cause.
Prevention depends on maintaining hygienic conditions and avoidance of infected feces.
Prevention depends on public knowledge of risk factors and warning signs.
Prevention depends on the cause of the congestion.
Prevention depends on the cause.
Prevention depends on the specific disorder.
Prevention depends on the underlying cause of the chest pain.
Prevention depends upon never waiting until problems develop.
Prevention depends upon the cause.
Prevention deserves more funding.
Prevention destroys the liberty of all in order to prevent the evil of the few.
Prevention details an easy tummy trimming plan, which requires no dieting.
Prevention does pay though, even if insurers don t.
Prevention does their homework.
Prevention does work.
Prevention Drink plenty of liquids to keep the urinary tract flushed.
Prevention Eat a balanced diet and exercise.
Prevention Eat a balanced diet, reduce intake of spicy and salty foods.
Prevention Eat a good, wholefood diet with as little sugar and fatty foods as possible.
Prevention Eat fruit and vegetables, reduce fat and red meat intake.
Prevention Eat more dietary fiber.
Prevention Eat plenty of fruit, vegetables and unrefined carbohydrate.
Prevention Eat slowly and chew food thoroughly.
Prevention ensures a common inheritance for future generations.
Prevention entails rinsing one's mouth immediately after using powdered inhalants.
Prevention equals Profitability.
Prevention Established bedsores are painful and life threatening.
Prevention extends to packing.
Prevention falls to a great extent within the scope of foreign policy.
Prevention Find out more about environmental advertising.
Prevention focuses on keeping seeds out and keeping rangeland vegetation healthy.
Prevention focuses on mosquito control and avoiding mosquito bites.
Prevention Following simple guidelines can help reduce household wastes.
Prevention Get prompt treatment for conditions known to precipitate the disorder.
Prevention Get the recommended daily amount of calcium.
Prevention gives Nevada's children the optimal opportunity for a successful and prosperous future.
Prevention goes beyond cautioning people to avoid certain behaviors or situations.
Prevention grows from many sources.
Prevention harnesses our knowledge, our common sense, our compassion and our fiscal needs.
Prevention has a circulation of more than three million.
Prevention has an important role to play.
Prevention has everything to do with sports medicine.
Prevention has great promise, and prevention grounded in science has the greatest promise of all.
Prevention has links to programs to keep families safe.
Prevention has priority.
Prevention has to begin locally.
Prevention helps, too.
Prevention here can start before the baby is even born.
Prevention holds the greatest promise.
Prevention Identify the person at risk.
Prevention includes abdominal and spinal muscle strengthening.
Prevention includes appropriate husbandry and adequate sanitation practices.
Prevention includes avoidance of lower temperatures, crowding and syringing.
Prevention includes avoiding asthma triggers and taking medicines to prevent episodes.
Prevention includes avoiding known tick-infested areas.
Prevention includes building people s resistance to problems.
Prevention includes changing the environment that feeds social problems.
Prevention includes control of risk factors.
Prevention includes education and other actions that reduce uncontrolled wildland fires.
Prevention includes generous fluids and alkalization of the urine.
Prevention includes learning proper technique, or learning an alternative swimming style.
Prevention includes limiting the spread of disease from infected animals to humans.
Prevention includes maintaining a normal healthy weight and avoiding alcohol and sedatives.
Prevention includes measures that stop cancer from developing.
Prevention includes media literacy and learning to be informed consumers.
Prevention includes paying attention to support structures.
Prevention includes preparation.
Prevention includes proper storage and cooking of animal-derived foods.
Prevention includes public education and posting warnings in public places.
Prevention includes regular exercise and a diet high in fiber.
Prevention includes speed management and local road improvements.
Prevention includes treatment of atrial fibrillation.
Prevention includes use of protective equipment and strict enforcement of rules.
Prevention includes wearing hats and sunglasses when outdoors on windy or sunny days.
Prevention includes wearing long sleeves and pants in heavily forested areas.
Prevention involves a solution of one part lime to nine parts wettable sulfur.
Prevention involves a variety of strategies.
Prevention involves adopting practices to avoid the predisposing traumatic causes.
Prevention involves avoidance of raw freshwater fish.
Prevention involves chemoprophylaxis and reduction of human-mosquito contact.
Prevention involves education of the patient, their families, and caregivers.
Prevention involves elimination of house mice and their mites.
Prevention involves improved sanitation and access to clean water .
Prevention involves improvement of sanitary conditions.
Prevention involves increased attention to biosecurity and enhanced immunity following vaccination.
Prevention involves keeping the soil evenly moist.
Prevention involves keeping weeds from being introduced in uninfested areas.
Prevention involves prescription drugs and insect repellents.
Prevention involves proper housing using long-lived and durable containers, storage, and handling.
Prevention involves sanding or wiping the old finish with a deglossing liquid.
Prevention involves shuffling feet when wading.
Prevention involves stimulation of the homeostatic mechanisms prior to calving.
Prevention involves strategies to avoid, provide early care and rehabilitation.
Prevention is a big key to effective collection.
Prevention is a big part of reducing the risk of injury.
Prevention is a community effort to win the war on drugs.
Prevention is a community effort.
Prevention is a conscious choice of hard work with little or no recognition.
Prevention is a conservative answer to conservative problems.
Prevention is a controversial concept.
Prevention is a critical area for improving health and decreasing health disparities.
Prevention is a critical control strategy in any food safety management program for fresh produce.
Prevention is a critical line of defense against academic dishonesty.
Prevention is a critical value that requires multi-system interventions.
Prevention is a difficult term to use because it means so many different things to different people.
Prevention is a difficult thing.
Prevention is a far better investment than trying to reverse the process.
Prevention is a good investment, in terms of both the personal and social costs that can be saved.
Prevention is a good method for keeping the ants out of the vegetable garden.
Prevention is a great idea.
Prevention is a great part of it.
Prevention is a group activity.
Prevention is a heck of a alot easier than healing a bedsore.
Prevention is a huge piece of the puzzle.
Prevention is a joint effort involving government and the animal industry.
Prevention is a key component of all national cancer control programs.
Prevention is a key component of the strategy for addressing violence at the worksite.
Prevention is a key element of the program.
Prevention is a key part of the pollution solution.
Prevention is a key step in the management of air potato.
Prevention is a key word in glaucoma management.
Prevention is a large part of community health.
Prevention is a large part of the solution to the canker threat.
Prevention is a lifetime commitment to good nutritional, medical, and physical activity practices.
Prevention is a major cause of concern.
Prevention is a major factor in helping break the welfare cycle.
Prevention is a major focus of intervention.
Prevention is a major key to reduced health care costs.
Prevention is a matter of being sensible, which is so often the case.
Prevention is a matter of guarding the skin against the known causes.
Prevention is a matter of vigilance and avoiding contact with unknown disks.
Prevention is a mineral suppliment during risky times that is high in magnesium.
Prevention is a much less painful and expensive option than a wilderness medevac.
Prevention is a much more successful approach than treating weight loss after the fact.
Prevention is a policy.
Prevention is a positive health and wellness educational source to millions of readers.
Prevention is a primary goal.
Prevention is a priority the world over.
Prevention is a proactive range of strategies designed to create and maintain healthy lifestyles.
Prevention is a serious stopgap to crisis.
Prevention is a smart investment.
Prevention is a snap .
Prevention is a top priority.
Prevention is a two-fold process.
Prevention is a very important component in stemming the violence.
Prevention is about lifestyle choices choices that require accurate information.
Prevention is about saving lives and saving communities.
Prevention is about the same for both.
Prevention is accomplished with the use of gloves.
Prevention is achieved by diligent care.
Prevention is achieved through increasing awareness and supporting community action.
Prevention is achieved through the increased use of the rubella vaccine.
Prevention is achieved through the use of protective clothing and respiratory protection.
Prevention is active instead of reactive.
Prevention is aimed at good genetic selection, reduced activity and careful feeding.
Prevention is aimed at vaccination against rabies prior to exposure.
Prevention is also a key aspect.
Prevention is also a priority.
Prevention is also an important tactic.
Prevention is also easier than having to clean the entire pool in the fall.
Prevention is also the key for reducing the annoyance of mosquitoes.
Prevention is also the key.
Prevention is also very important.
Prevention is also widely underutilized until it is too late.
Prevention is always a better approach than control.
Prevention is always a good investment with information systems.
Prevention is always best.
Prevention is always better and cheaper than a cure.
Prevention is always better than cure so avoid junk food and drink pure water.
Prevention is always better than cure, so to prevent Malaria.
Prevention is always better than cure.
Prevention Is always better than cure.
Prevention is always better than having to fix the problem.
Prevention is always better than having to look for a cure.
Prevention is always better than having to respond to an outbreak.
Prevention is always better than having to treat someone with a disease.
Prevention is always better than punishment for pups.
Prevention is always better than remedy.
Prevention is always better than the cure, especially in the case of poison.
Prevention is always better than treatment in the long run.
Prevention is always better than treatment of symptoms.
Prevention is always better than treatment.
Prevention is always better then cure.
Prevention is always better.
Prevention is always cheaper.
Prevention is always easier than repair.
Prevention is always less expensive than recovery.
Prevention is always preferable to control.
Prevention is always preferable to treating infected fish.
Prevention is always preferable to treatment and cure, but it is too late now for prevention.
Prevention is always preferred to failure and remediation.
Prevention is always the best and most cost- effective strategy.
Prevention is always the best control method.
Prevention is always the best form of treatment.
Prevention is always the best measure.
Prevention is always the best medicine, so treat all arrivals and never feed black worms or tubifex.
Prevention is always the best medicine.
Prevention is always the best treatment.
Prevention is always the best way to go.
Prevention is always the first and most important element of personal safety and self defense.
Prevention is always the goal with intestinal parasites.
Prevention is always the goal with parasites.
Prevention is always the least expensive and strongest remedy.
Prevention is always the most cost-effective cure.
Prevention is always the most important victory in the battle against an incurable disease.
Prevention is an absolute necessity in today's world.
Prevention is an easy concept to understand, but very difficult to put into practice.
Prevention is an especially strong concern in health-related matters.
Prevention is an essential element of the state's plan for welfare reform.
Prevention is an essential part of emergency preparedness.
Prevention is an essential part of our work.
Prevention is an exciting, and promising, part of recent heart research.
Prevention is an idea whose time has come.
Prevention is an important aspect of health care.
Prevention is an important key.
Prevention is an important part of any health plan.
Prevention is an important part of staying healthy and saving health care dollars in the long run.
Prevention is an important part of treatment.
Prevention is an inadequate goal.
Prevention is another area of particular interest.
Prevention is another big element of the policy.
Prevention is another high priority.
Prevention is another key to controlling air pollution.
Prevention is another major challenge.
Prevention is another story.
Prevention is another way of addressing the potential health threats that workers face.
Prevention is arguably the most powerful weapon in the fight against cancer.
Prevention is as difficult as preventing the change in the weather.
Prevention is as important a public health concern as treatment is.
Prevention is as important as cure.
Prevention is as important as it is difficult.
Prevention is at least as complex as treatment.
Prevention is at the top of churches' priority list.
Prevention is avoidance of the medication.
Prevention is based on acclimatization and avoiding long periods of immobility while at wait.
Prevention is based on good nail hygiene.
Prevention is based on limiting exposure to mosquitoes.
Prevention is based on maintaining a closed flock.
Prevention is based primarily on behavior related to sexual intercourse and use of injection drugs.
Prevention is based upon rodent control and eradication programs.
Prevention is best but some promising treatments for established osteoporosis are available.
Prevention is best cure for headaches.
Prevention is best when started early in life.
Prevention is best, but when a child needs help, intervene quickly and intensively.
Prevention is best, of course.
Prevention is best.
Prevention is better and cheaper than repairs.
Prevention is better than a cure.
Prevention is better than a post-mortem.
Prevention is better than crisis remediation.
Prevention is better than cure' .
Prevention is better than cure .
Prevention is better than cure especially since sometimes scarring or infertility can follow.
Prevention is better than cure for dry eyes.
Prevention is better than cure, goes the clich .
Prevention is better than cure, naturally.
Prevention is better than cure, they say.
Prevention is better than cure.
Prevention is Better Than Cure.
Prevention is better than curing.
Prevention is better than fixing.
Prevention is better than intervention.
Prevention is better than living with hearing loss.
Prevention is better than pain.
Prevention is better than post-scam enquiries and committees.
Prevention is better than reacting to catastrophe.
Prevention is better than the cure.
Prevention is better than treatment, and caution is better than cure.
Prevention is better than treatment.
Prevention is better than trial, error and failure.
Prevention is better that cure.
Prevention is better, and cheaper, than cure.
Prevention is better, and easier than cure.
Prevention is better.
Prevention is both cost-effective and better for the environment.
Prevention is broad-based and directed at all students.
Prevention is by avoiding mosquito bites.
Prevention is by avoiding prolonged hot, humid environment and overclothing.
Prevention is by careful handwashing.
Prevention is by eliminating the consumption of freshwater crustaceans and snails.
Prevention is by far the best and most effective method of fowl mite control.
Prevention is by far the best medicine, for countries as it is for people.
Prevention is by far the best remedy.
Prevention is by far the less expensive cure.
Prevention is by far the most economical risk management choice.
Prevention is by feeding a low ash diet.
Prevention is by good personal hygiene, especially handwashing following toilet use.
Prevention is by irradiation of all blood products intended for transfusion to such patients.
Prevention is by properly preparing and cooking food.
Prevention is by routine immunization with tetanus toxoid and subsequent booster shots.
Prevention is by vaccination.
Prevention is by vaccine and careful control on imported animals.
Prevention is by wearing protective clothing when handling birds, eggs or body tissues.
Prevention is by wearing protective clothing when handling infected birds or their tissues.
Prevention is categorized as primary, secondary and tertiary.
Prevention is central and requires information.
Prevention is certainly better than cure where allergy is concerned.
Prevention is certainly better than no cure.
Prevention is certainly less than the cost of an insurance claim.
Prevention is certainly the best course.
Prevention is cheap, quick and easy.
Prevention is cheap.
Prevention is cheaper and more effective than cure.
Prevention is cheaper and more effective than enforcement.
Prevention is cheaper than curative measures.
Prevention is cheaper than cure, the working public can remind politicians.
Prevention is cheaper than locking up a juvenile.
Prevention is clearly better than treatment.
Prevention is clearly the best approach.
Prevention is clearly the best solution to the problem of osteoporosis.
Prevention is considered better than a cure.
Prevention is considered the most cost-effective approach.
Prevention is considered the ultimate solution to most nuisance situations in most cases.
Prevention is cost-effective .
Prevention is critical for very small manufacturers, which have the least resources.
Prevention is critical.
Prevention is crucial when it comes to osteoporosis.
Prevention is crucial.
Prevention is defensive and applied to the entire lip.
Prevention is definitely cheaper than treating the disease.
Prevention is definitely the key to overcoming osteoporosis.
Prevention is dependent on a comprehensive biosecurity program.
Prevention is dependent on the cause of the upper airway obstruction .
Prevention is depends on the cause.
Prevention is difficult as it's caused by the frame shaking.
Prevention is difficult, except where high levels of disinfection are constantly practiced.
Prevention is difficult.
Prevention is discussed at the first meeting and is revisited during any subsequent appointments.
Prevention is easier and less costly than treatment any day.
Prevention is easier and less expensive than curing.
Prevention is easier than cure.
Prevention is easier than fixing problems.
Prevention is easier than regaining weight.
Prevention is easier than repair.
Prevention is easier than replacement.
Prevention is easier than the cure.
Prevention is easier than treatment.
Prevention is easier, cheaper and more effective than treatment by a veterinarian.
Prevention is easiest if action is taken early, before the problem has become serious.
Prevention is easy.
Prevention is education and education is prevention.
Prevention is effected by judicious choice of food and water.
Prevention is effective at many stages throughout life.
Prevention is effective.
Prevention is emphasized throughout the course.
Prevention is emphasized when relevant.
Prevention is emphasized.
Prevention is especially important in developing countries.
Prevention is especially important with something as potentially serious as hypothermia.
Prevention is especially important.
Prevention is essential to restrict further spread.
Prevention is essential to the growth and well being of today's children.
Prevention is essential.
Prevention is even better.
Prevention is even more effective than prohibiting.
Prevention is even more effective.
Prevention is even more simple.
Prevention is everyone's responsibility.
Prevention is everything - once they have developed, bedsores are difficult to treat.
Prevention is everything, there is no treatment.
Prevention is everything.
Prevention is examined in relation to four models of social welfare.
Prevention is extremely important in the fight against stroke.
Prevention is extremely important.
Prevention is extremely valuable and much needed.
Prevention is far better than a possible lion confrontation.
Prevention is far better than cure.
Prevention is far better than dealing with the consequences after a pregnancy has occurred.
Prevention is far cheaper.
Prevention is far easier and generally more effective than remedial measures.
Prevention is far easier than a cure.
Prevention is far less costly than treatment.
Prevention is far more cost effective than sustaining losses.
Prevention is far more economical than the treatment.
Prevention is first and foremost in avoiding lawsuits.
Prevention is five times more cost effective than treatment.
Prevention is fly control and drug therapy.
Prevention is generally more cost-effective than treatment.
Prevention is generally very simple and commonsense.
Prevention is given equal priority as intervention.
Prevention is healthier than cure.
Prevention is highly dependent on information transfer.
Prevention is highly desirable for both economy and morbidity.
Prevention is hit in the film, but there is also a very powerful survival message here.
Prevention is imperative.
Prevention is implemented through regulations.
Prevention is important and easy to do.
Prevention is important because obesity can lead to other health problems.
Prevention is important because right now there is no cure for osteoporosis, only treatments.
Prevention is important for both wellness and to avoid accidents.
Prevention is important for everyone but particularly for people with many risk factors.
Prevention is important in fabric pest.
Prevention is important, and the most significant factor is discussion with the adolescent.
Prevention is important.
Prevention is in all ways cheaper than control.
Prevention is in all ways, cheaper than control.
Prevention is in everybody's interest.
Prevention is indeed key.
Prevention is ineffectual in eliminating the conditions under which rape has become widespread.
Prevention is infinitely better than cure.
Prevention is interference
Prevention is key - catching fecal impaction too late can require surgery.
Prevention is key and can be accomplished easily.
Prevention is key and starts with perfect husbandry and strict separation of species.
Prevention is key because elimination is almost always impossible in natural waters.
Prevention is key here.
Prevention is key in avoiding head injuries in soccer.
Prevention is key to decreasing and, eventually, eradicating death and disability due to injury.
Prevention is key to reducing incidents of heart disease.
Prevention is key to the cost effectiveness of an employee assistance program.
Prevention is key to the success of our loss control program.
Prevention is key to their health, longevity, and reproduction.
Prevention is key, and that's what a gynecological exam is all about.
Prevention is key, because there is no specific therapy for dengue fever.
Prevention is key, since there is no specific treatment for dengue fever.
Prevention is key.
Prevention is largely a matter of stopping whatever event is causing the muscle tension.
Prevention is less costly and easier than dealing with illness and trying to find a cure.
Prevention is less of a priority.
Prevention is limited to chemoprophylaxis or active immunization.
Prevention is made possible by increased awareness.
Prevention is mainly by vaccination with the pertussis vaccine .
Prevention is merely a euphemism for treatment.
Prevention is minimal but still relevent.
Prevention is more cost effective than 'firefighting' and, thankfully, some councils are changing.
Prevention is more cost effective than intervention.
Prevention is more cost effective than treatment of dangerous and potentially deadly diseases.
Prevention is more cost-effective for society than correction or remediation.
Prevention is more desirable than a cure.
Prevention is more difficult than therapeutic research.
Prevention is more effective and less costly than punishment and incarceration.
Prevention is more effective than control.
Prevention is more effective than correcting the symptoms after they occur.
Prevention is more efficient and effective than intervention and treatment.
Prevention is more important than attempting a cure - afterwards.
Prevention is more than risk reduction.
Prevention is most important.
Prevention is much better than cure.
Prevention is much better than curing a pressure ulcer once it is formed.
Prevention is much better than treatment.
Prevention is much easier and cheaper.
Prevention is much easier for man and bird than is treatment.
Prevention is much easier than cure.
Prevention is much easier than dealing with problems in progress.
Prevention is much easier than repair.
Prevention is much less costly than having to put out fires later.
Prevention is much less costly than the treatment.
Prevention is much less expensive than remedial action.
Prevention is much less painful than the cost and cure.
Prevention is much more efficient in terms of human and financial resources.
Prevention is much more productive than remediation.
Prevention is multidimensional.
Prevention is necessary.
Prevention is nine-tenths of the cure.
Prevention is no easy matter, regardless of which strategy is chosen.
Prevention is obviously better than treating.
Prevention is obviously preferable.
Prevention is obviously the better way to go.
Prevention is occasionally possible with good prenatal care .
Prevention is of course the best action.
Prevention is of course the best way to avoid damage from forest fires.
Prevention is of the utmost importance.
Prevention is of utmost importance.
Prevention is often after the fact.
Prevention is often difficult.
Prevention is often preferable, both environmentally and economically.
Prevention is often the most cost effective way to deal with compliance issues.
Prevention is on the back burner, and someone has to get burnt to get treated.
Prevention is one of the best ways to help older people remain independent.
Prevention is one of the best ways to offset the increasing expense of our health care system.
Prevention is one of the few weapons for combating phylloxera.
Prevention is one of the primary care physician's ways of saving lives.
Prevention is one of the three keys to keeping a healthy water supply.
Prevention is one way of battling crime.
Prevention is only possible when processes are properly designed, controlled and improved.
Prevention is our best strategy.
Prevention is our first line of defense against disease.
Prevention is our first preference and priority.
Prevention is our goal.
Prevention is our key to an outstanding safety record.
Prevention is our most important safety strategy.
Prevention is our number one goal.
Prevention is our only option.
Prevention is paramount to good health.
Prevention is part of the solution.
Prevention is Partnering.
Prevention is possible by vaccination of female calves.
Prevention is possible if one's carrier status is known.
Prevention is possible Immunization with polio vaccine is the best way to prevent the disease.
Prevention is possible in many cases.
Prevention is possible Mumps can be prevented by vaccination.
Prevention is possible through immunizations at a young age.
Prevention is possible when treatment is started early.
Prevention is possible with hormone therapy at menopause.
Prevention is possible with the right programs.
Prevention is possible.
Prevention is preferable to payback time.
Prevention is preferable to payoffs, but . . .
Prevention is preferable to relying on insurance to compensate for a loss.
Prevention is preferable to treatment and is usually more cost-effective.
Prevention is preferred to control and remediation.
Prevention is primarily about making groceries harder to come by.
Prevention is probably the best way to address cancer.
Prevention is provided in the community, schools and churches through education and training.
Prevention is really critical.
Prevention is really the key to handling osteoporosis.
Prevention is recommended for life.
Prevention is regular eye exams and testing.
Prevention is related to the cause of the confusion.
Prevention is related to the cause of the fatigue.
Prevention is related to the cause.
Prevention is related to the causes and risk factors.
Prevention is related to the causes.
Prevention is related to the contributing factors.
Prevention is related to the specific disorder causing hyperthyroidism.
Prevention is simple and cheap.
Prevention is simple and effective.
Prevention is simple and preferable to treatment which is similar as used for allergic reactions.
Prevention is simple and usually inexpensive.
Prevention is simple.
Prevention is so easy.
Prevention is so much cheaper.
Prevention is so much easier .
Prevention is so simple.
Prevention is sometimes possible.
Prevention is sometimes the best therapy.
Prevention is still a new philosophy in cancer.
Prevention is still a possibility.
Prevention is still an idea with plenty of untapped potential.
Prevention is still focused on abstinence.
Prevention is still one of the most effective disciplinary tools.
Prevention is still our core environmental security program.
Prevention is still the best medicine.
Prevention is still the best option.
Prevention is still the best protection.
Prevention is still the cheapest and most cost-effective form of health care.
Prevention is still the secret to infection.
Prevention is stressed by requiring all new construction to be radon resistant.
Prevention is strictly a matter of avoidance.
Prevention Is Successful.
Prevention is tangential when it is merely an add-on to treatment.
Prevention is targeted to groups of people and systems rather than just individuals.
Prevention is the absolute best form of staying in good shape.
Prevention is the absolute key.
Prevention is the act of stopping or hindering something from happening.
Prevention is the answer, and following are some helpful tips from our specialists.
Prevention is the answer.
Prevention is the best answer.
Prevention is the best approach for good air quality.
Prevention is the best approach to avoiding cervical cancer.
Prevention is the best approach to constipation.
Prevention is the best approach with construction damage.
Prevention is the best approach.
Prevention is the best care of all.
Prevention is the best care.
Prevention is the best control for black spot.
Prevention is the best control for fungal infections in trees.
Prevention is the best control.
Prevention is the best course of action.
Prevention is the best cure .
Prevention is the best cure for educated bass.
Prevention is the best cure.
Prevention is the best defense against colds and flu.
Prevention is the best defense against nuisance coyotes.
Prevention is the best defense against rabbit damage.
Prevention is the best defense.
Prevention is the best deterrent.
Prevention is the best form of defense.
Prevention is the best form of protection.
Prevention is the best form of treatment.
Prevention is the best idea.
Prevention is the best line of defense against the establishment of any pest insect.
Prevention is the best line of defense.
Prevention is the best long term therapy for obesity.
Prevention is the best management for cattle at risk for grass tetany.
Prevention is the best management method.
Prevention is the best management strategy.
Prevention is the best management.
Prevention is the best means to control powdery mildew.
Prevention is the best measure for controlling powdery mildew.
Prevention is the Best Measure.
Prevention is the best medicine for colds and infections.
Prevention is the best medicine for electrical shock.
Prevention is the best medicine for loneliness.
Prevention is the best medicine for muscle cramps.
Prevention is the best medicine for pests and diseases.
Prevention is the best medicine for virus infections.
Prevention is the best medicine Remember to cover up.
Prevention is the best medicine to cure objections.
Prevention is the best medicine to prevent toxic plant poisoning.
Prevention is the best medicine when it comes to avoiding muscle soreness.
Prevention is the best medicine, as always.
Prevention is the best medicine.
Prevention IS the best medicine.
Prevention is the best method of control as no vaccines are presently licensed for use.
Prevention is the best method of control.
Prevention is the best method of controlling ammonia build-up in ponds.
Prevention is the best method of controlling bear and lion damage.
Prevention is the best method of disease control.
Prevention is the best method to cure cancer.
Prevention is the best method.
Prevention is the best pest-management strategy.
Prevention is the best policy.
Prevention is the best possible way to avoid having to deal with problem tree root systems.
Prevention is the best prescription.
Prevention is the best protection against lead poisoning.
Prevention is the best protection for photosensitivity.
Prevention is the best protection.
Prevention is the best remedy.
Prevention is the best response.
Prevention is the best solution against theft .
Prevention is the best solution to man overboard problems.
Prevention is the best solution to the problem of traumatic brain injury.
Prevention is the best solution to the tree hazard problem.
Prevention is the best solution.
Prevention is the best sort of intervention.
Prevention is the best strategy for endangered species management.
Prevention is the best strategy for risk management.
Prevention is the best strategy in high-risk populations.
Prevention is the best strategy in the management of shoulder dystocia.
Prevention is the best strategy to avoid Indian meal moth problems.
Prevention is the best strategy.
Prevention is the best tactic.
Prevention is the best technique for the elimination of sexual harassment.
Prevention is the best therapy.
Prevention is the best tool for elimination of discrimination in the workplace.
Prevention is the best tool for elimination of sexual harassment.
Prevention is the best tool for minimizing conflicts with coyotes and other wildlife.
Prevention is the best tool for the elimination of sexual harassment.
Prevention is the best tool to eliminate sexual harassment in the workplace.
Prevention is the best tool to eliminate sexual harassment.
Prevention is the best treatment for dental disease.
Prevention is the best treatment for poisoning.
Prevention is the best treatment.
Prevention is the best type of medicine.
Prevention is the best way available for an individual to overcome melanoma.
Prevention is the best way to alleviate the injuries and fatalities caused by the drunk driver.
Prevention is the best way to avoid a back injury.
Prevention is the best way to avoid an outbreak.
Prevention is the best way to avoid cancer.
Prevention is the best way to avoid chigger bites.
Prevention is the best way to avoid injury and reduce time loss.
Prevention is the best way to avoid the onset of back pain.
Prevention is the best way to control the spread of purple loosestrife.
Prevention is the best way to deal with a borer.
Prevention is the best way to deal with infection.
Prevention is the best way to deal with nitrate toxicity.
Prevention is the best way to deal with poison ivy.
Prevention is the best way to deal with steroid-induced osteoporosis.
Prevention is the best way to eliminate the many problems caused by gangs.
Prevention is the best way to fight any disorder or disease.
Prevention is the best way to fight STDs.
Prevention is the best way to help students.
Prevention is the best way to keep heartworms away from cats.
Prevention is the best way to manage blackleg disease in canola.
Prevention is the best way to minimize stretch marks.
Prevention is the best way to reduce gang members in Oregon.
Prevention is the best way to reduce losses due to bark beetles.
Prevention is the best way to reduce the chance of a successful attack.
Prevention is the best way to stop auto crime.
Prevention is the best way to stop drug houses.
Prevention is the best way to stop the purple loosestrife invasion.
Prevention is the best way to treat marine velvet disease.
Prevention is the best way.
Prevention is the best weapon against algae.
Prevention is the best weapon against diabetes related foot problems.
Prevention is the best zit medicine.
Prevention is the best.
Prevention is the better solution.
Prevention is the bottom line of colon hygiene.
Prevention is the brother of wellness.
Prevention is the cheapest and best health insurance.
Prevention is the common thread throughout the guide.
Prevention is the control of underlying causes of peripheral edema .
Prevention is the core.
Prevention is the critical element of the revenue protection strategy.
Prevention is the cure for poison ivy .
Prevention is the early treatment of strep throat .
Prevention is the easiest and most cost-effective step.
Prevention is the easiest and most effective method to control predation.
Prevention is the easiest approach to controlling henbit.
Prevention is the easiest, safest and least expensive way to achieve an insect-free state.
Prevention is the exclusive remedy for a disease with no cure.
Prevention is the final answer to the growing problem of child abuse.
Prevention is the first and best defense against pests in organic vegetable production.
Prevention is the first good measure.
Prevention is the first line of control.
Prevention is the first line of defence against plant diseases.
Prevention is the first line of defense against cryptogams as it is with any nursery pest.
Prevention is the first line of defense against invasive species.
Prevention is the first line of defense against sexual harassment.
Prevention is the first line of defense to keep weeds from occurring or increasing.
Prevention is the first line of defense.
Prevention is the first step.
Prevention is the focus of the services.
Prevention is the focus.
Prevention is the foremost goal.
Prevention is the fundamental work of all health educators.
Prevention is the goal and early detection is the key.
Prevention is the goal in developing personnel policies.
Prevention is the goal of our program.
Prevention is the goal.
Prevention is the greatest weapon against the spread of disease and knowledge is prevention.
Prevention is the handler's responsibility.
Prevention is the highest form of healing.
Prevention is the important word.
Prevention is the key and education is the key to prevention.
Prevention is the key and involves three related steps.
Prevention is the key as once symptoms are apparent the plant quickly dies.
Prevention is the key here.
Prevention is the key in avoiding unnecessary wildlife damages.
Prevention is the key to a healthy environment.
Prevention is the key to a healthy pregnancy, a good birth and a healthy baby.
Prevention is the key to a long, healthy life.
Prevention is the key to a long, healthy, active life.
Prevention is the key to allow for any unwanted court appearances.
Prevention is the key to an excellent quality of life for individuals and for our community.
Prevention is the key to avoiding a trip to the hospital.
Prevention is the key to avoiding costly control measures to eliminate a nuisance duckweed problem.
Prevention is the key to avoiding poisoning in homes, schools, and families.
Prevention is the key to avoiding tick bites.
Prevention is the key to Ayurvedic medicine.
Prevention is the key to better health.
Prevention is the key to breaking the generational cycle of literacy problems.
Prevention is the key to control damping-off and can be achieved by several methods.
Prevention is the key to control of damping-off and can be achieved by several methods.
Prevention is the key to control.
Prevention is the key to controlling gang activity.
Prevention is the key to dealing with brown spots.
Prevention is the key to dealing with the disease.
Prevention is the key to delay the onset and decrease the severity of the condition.
Prevention is the key to eliminating cross-contamination.
Prevention is the key to eliminating dust from the inside of the home.
Prevention is the key to fighting many infectious diseases.
Prevention is the key to flea control both inside and outside.
Prevention is the key to future waste strategies, the advisors say.
Prevention is the key to good health and cutting health care costs.
Prevention is the key to good health.
Prevention is the key to good skin care.
Prevention is the key to good spinal health.
Prevention is the key to greater success.
Prevention is the key to health management in any aviary.
Prevention is the key to healthier teeth for babies.
Prevention is the key to heartworm control, and is easily accomplished.
Prevention is the key to johnsongrass control.
Prevention is the key to keeping a puppy safe from parvo virus.
Prevention is the key to keeping campers and staff from harm.
Prevention is the key to keeping food safe from farm to factory to family table.
Prevention is the key to keeping kids safe from the harm of their own risky behaviors.
Prevention is the key to keeping our youth from joining gangs.
Prevention is the key to maintaining clean, healthy supplies of water.
Prevention is the key to managing risk.
Prevention is the key to preserving any aspect of our health.
Prevention is the key to preventing injury and being prepared.
Prevention is the key to protecting a dog both at home and away.
Prevention is the key to protecting groundwater quality.
Prevention is the key to protection.
Prevention is the key to reduce health insurance and workers compensation claims.
Prevention is the key to reducing death and morbidity from venous thromboembolism.
Prevention is the key to reducing drug abuse.
Prevention is the key to reducing the high cost of workers' compensation insurance.
Prevention is the key to reducing the risk of alcohol-related sexual assault.
Prevention is the key to safe camping and traveling in bear country.
Prevention is the key to safely enjoying any activity.
Prevention is the key to saving collections from infestations of mold and mildew.
Prevention is the key to self defense.
Prevention is the key to spinal health.
Prevention is the key to stopping a dog s digging problem.
Prevention is the key to stopping workplace violence.
Prevention is the key to stroke management.
Prevention is the key to teen suicide reduction.
Prevention is the key to tetanus control.
Prevention is the key to the control of any disease.
Prevention is the key to the dental profession.
Prevention is the key to the future.
Prevention is the key to treating lymphedema.
Prevention is the key word in all of medicine.
Prevention is the key word when it comes to cancer and nutrition.
Prevention is the key, and one of the best keys to prevention is good nutrition.
Prevention is the key, and that s what a gynecological exam is all about.
Prevention is the key, and there are many ways for the public to reduce their risk of infection.
Prevention is the key, but even among condoms some types are better than others.
Prevention is the key, so please begin now.
Prevention is the key, the report says.
Prevention is the key, through proper use of hygiene, clothing, and knowledge.
Prevention is the key, using cultural techniques such as watering and proper spacing of plants.
Prevention is the key. .
Prevention is the key.
Prevention is the lynchpin of the strategy.
Prevention is the main defense.
Prevention is the main focus of the WHO report.
Prevention is the main issue.
Prevention is the main thing.
Prevention is the mainstay of treatment for atopic dermatitis.
Prevention is the most cost effective approach.
Prevention is the most cost-effective way to keep premiums low.
Prevention is the most cost-effective way to reduce drug consumption.
Prevention is the most economical and time-saving way to deal with head lice.
Prevention is the most effective and least toxic method of pest control.
Prevention is the most effective defense.
Prevention is the most effective means of controlling latex allergies.
Prevention is the most effective method for controlling communicable viral disease.
Prevention is the most effective method of dealing with gun violence.
Prevention is the most effective method of managing borers.
Prevention is the most effective tool in our arsenal.
Prevention is the most effective treatment for everything.
Prevention is the most effective way to control populations of clover mites.
Prevention is the most effective way to reduce the death rates due to injury.
Prevention is the most effective weapon against stroke.
Prevention is the most effective, and least toxic, method of pest control.
Prevention is the most effective, economical and desired weed control practice.
Prevention is the most efficient way to avoid problems with carpet beetles.
Prevention is the most humane and cost effective approach to care.
Prevention is the most important aspect of care.
Prevention is the most important aspect of management.
Prevention is the most important defense mechanism against periodontal disease.
Prevention is the most important defense.
Prevention is the most important factor in controlling food borne illness.
Prevention is the most important factor in maintaining good health.
Prevention is the most important factor in the war of nurse against infections.
Prevention is the most important factor of effective health care.
Prevention is the most important first step.
Prevention is the most important means of decreasing multiple gestation rates.
Prevention is the most important part of anaphylaxis management.
Prevention is the most important part of handling toddler conflicts.
Prevention is the most important step as in most diseases.
Prevention is the most important step in avoiding a crime.
Prevention is the most important step.
Prevention is the most important thing.
Prevention is the most obvious goal of transformative justice.
Prevention is the most powerful cure medicine has to offer.
Prevention is the most practical and economical form of weed control.
Prevention is the most practical means of controlling weeds.
Prevention is the name of the game.
Prevention is the Natural Law platform in a nutshell.
Prevention is the obvious first step in a management program.
Prevention is the only acceptable way to maintain grain quality.
Prevention is the only answer.
Prevention is the only course of action available to fisheries managers.
Prevention is the only course that can be profitably undertaken.
Prevention is the only cure for brain injury.
Prevention is the only cure for the disease.
Prevention is the only cure.
Prevention is the only defense.
Prevention is the only economic control for virus diseases.
Prevention is the only good management strategy.
Prevention is the only hope.
Prevention is the only line of defense when dealing with digestive problems in rabbits.
Prevention is the only medicine with phymatotrichum rot.
Prevention is the only method of control.
Prevention is the only method to control the growing incidence.
Prevention is the only permanent protection against ocean pollution.
Prevention is the only policy for producers.
Prevention is the only protection from becoming the victim of a security exploit.
Prevention is the only protection.
Prevention is the only proven treatment.
Prevention is the only rational strategy against toxics exposures and contamination.
Prevention is the only real answer to the problem.
Prevention is the only real cure.
Prevention is the only real way to go.
Prevention is the only remedy for surprise attack.
Prevention is the ONLY road to true health.
Prevention is the only solution.
Prevention is the only sound course of action.
Prevention is the only sure cure for child abuse and neglect.
Prevention is the only sure way to treat problems caused by polluted water in wildlife.
Prevention is the only treatment.
Prevention is the optimum course of action when it comes to diabetes.
Prevention is the other half.
Prevention is the parent's only antidote.
Prevention is the practice of keeping a pest population from infesting a crop or field.
Prevention is the preferable approach.
Prevention is the preferred route of action.
Prevention is the primary treatment of coronary artery disease.
Prevention is the priority.
Prevention is the real cure, enhancing the immune system is a method of prevention.
Prevention is the real key.
Prevention is the recommended method of control, especially when it comes to diseases.
Prevention is the responsibility of food processors as well as consumers.
Prevention is the result of good sanitation and hygiene.
Prevention is the rule for treating diseases.
Prevention is the rule in controlling pests in Amorphophallus.
Prevention is the rule.
Prevention is the safest plan.
Prevention is the same way.
Prevention is the second factor to be considered when attempting to reduce mosquito populations.
Prevention is the single most humane and cost-effective response to alcohol and other drug problems.
Prevention is the solution for the dangers from nuclear reactors and warheads.
Prevention is the solution.
Prevention is the surest way to stop forest fires from occurring.
Prevention is the theme.
Prevention is the topic of another chapter.
Prevention is the ultimate goal.
Prevention is the very best cure.
Prevention is the wave of the future in addressing family and children's issues.
Prevention is the wave of the future.
Prevention is the way to nip hay fever in the bud.
Prevention is therefore important.
Prevention is therefore mandatory.
Prevention is therefore of paramount importance.
Prevention is through good hygiene, proper preparation and storage and a healthy and varied diet.
Prevention is through the breeding of clear stock.
Prevention is thus very important.
Prevention is to avoid any of the potential triggering factors.
Prevention is to have healthy, stress free fish, non-major temperature swings which causes stress.
Prevention is to turn off the automatic password function.
Prevention is to wear proper clothing and practice good personal hygiene.
Prevention is today's task.
Prevention is top priority.
Prevention is typically by improved hygiene .
Prevention is uncertain.
Prevention is undoubtedly better than cure.
Prevention is unknown.
Prevention is usually a better option, when it is possible.
Prevention is usually cheaper than the cure.
Prevention is usually the best solution.
Prevention is usually the easiest way to deal with growing problems.
Prevention is variable depending on the cause of the nerve damage.
Prevention is varies, depending on the cause.
Prevention is very easy- medication which is given daily or monthly, depending on the medication.
Prevention is very important with Arizona's strong sun.
Prevention is very important with soft tissue injuries, with any luck some injuries can be avoided.
Prevention is very important.
Prevention is vital.
Prevention is what intelligence and law enforcement agencies do.
Prevention is where it's at.
Prevention is wildly more effective than repair.
Prevention is wiser than destruction.
Prevention is worth a lot more than cure, kiddo.
Prevention is worth a pound of cure and saving an innocent child.
Prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Prevention is worth more than the cure.
Prevention is, after all, the best medicine.
Prevention is, as the saying goes, the best remedy.
Prevention is, by far, the best solution to interference problems.
Prevention is, of course, better than treatment for any sickness.
Prevention is, of course, the best treatment.
Prevention is, of course, wise.
Prevention is, therefore, primary.
Prevention isa event.
Prevention just makes sense.
Prevention keeps fire from even getting started.
Prevention lasts a lot longer.
Prevention leads to totalitarianism.
Prevention leaves the susceptibility.
Prevention lies in drinking sterile bottled water and eating well cooked foods.
Prevention Maintaining good posture can help prevent further rupturing of disks.
Prevention Make sure children always wash their hands after going to the bathroom and before eating.
Prevention Make sure children stay cool and have plenty to drink outdoors.
Prevention makes an explosion impossible to occur .
Prevention makes an explosion impossible to occur.
Prevention makes good biological sense, good economic sense, and good common sense.
Prevention makes moral and ethical sense as well as economic sense.
Prevention means a better quality of life for older adults and less money spent on dental care.
Prevention means a healthy baby.
Prevention means adopting sanitary cultural practices and avoiding the occurance of a pest.
Prevention means change.
Prevention means developing new strategies to eliminate environmental hazards from women's lives.
Prevention means getting a shot.
Prevention means keeping legal and illegal drug use and abuse problems from occurring.
Prevention means literally to keep something from happening.
Prevention means maintaining a healthy turf through proper mowing, watering and fertilizing.
Prevention means paying right the first time, the most desirable approach.
Prevention means preventing the accident to prevent pollution.
Prevention means self-care, fluoride, and sealants.
Prevention means skating clear of puddles and sand.
Prevention means staying healthy and living well, and prevention works for women.
Prevention means to avoid creating hearing loss.
Prevention means, quite simply, stopping children s exposure to violence before it happens.
Prevention naturally assumes preparedness.
Prevention needs greater visibility.
Prevention needs to be approached from every possible source.
Prevention needs to be based on sound empirical data.
Prevention needs to be considered as something that occurs prior to the onset of a problem.
Prevention needs to be incorporated into all police training.
Prevention needs to begin early.
Prevention needs to take participants' unique self-views and sexual roles into account.
Prevention Never have a child as an extra rider.
Prevention Never use fertilizers which contain urea nitrogen.
Prevention now is better than cure.
Prevention now is therefore critical.
Prevention occurs first through awareness and the commitment of a whole community.
Prevention occurs in two stages.
Prevention occurs on three levels.
Prevention offers hope.
Prevention offers the best hope for significantly reducing the suffering caused by cancer.
Prevention offers tips and resources for parents.
Prevention Pays .
Prevention pays peace dividends for Missouri, New York and Washington.
Prevention Pays Using radon resistant new construction practices makes good sense.
Prevention plays a very important role.
Prevention plays an important factor in combating teen smoking.
Prevention plays an important role in solving the problem of clogging.
Prevention Preventing bites obviously prevents infections.
Prevention Preventing disease and promoting health are important in the health care of children.
Prevention Preventing disease and promoting health are important parts of health care.
Prevention Preventing sandfly bites is the most immediate form of protection.
Prevention promotes participation, collaboration, and leadership at various levels.
Prevention protects the teeth.
Prevention provides a means for adults to acquire new skills and change inappropriate habits.
Prevention provides the first line of defense.
Prevention really is better than cure.
Prevention really is the best cure.
Prevention reduces losses during Southwest fire siege.
Prevention reduces risk factors for children and youth.
Prevention reduces the incidence of injury and is extremely cost efficient for society.
Prevention reduces the risk of injury and fosters a safe environment.
Prevention refers to forestalling the development of a substance abuse disorder.
Prevention relies on mosquito control and protection from mosquito bites.
Prevention relies on the above together with vaccination.
Prevention remains a key element in tackling workplace accidents and fatalities.
Prevention remains an arduous challenge.
Prevention remains an important concept in the care of pregnant and parenting teens.
Prevention remains our pre-eminent goal.
Prevention remains the best course of action.
Prevention remains the best defense for our children.
Prevention remains the best strategy, and the key to prevention is prudent use of antibiotics.
Prevention remains the best way of avoiding the consequences of sunburn.
Prevention remains the best way to avoid colds and flu.
Prevention remains the key to good health.
Prevention remains the key.
Prevention remains the most effective way to halt the epidemic.
Prevention Remove dead fish immediately from the aquarium.
Prevention requires a commitment from management, physician support, and employee understanding.
Prevention requires a plan and one way to start is to develop a safety and health program.
Prevention requires adjusting individual work habits.
Prevention requires an orientation towards the future.
Prevention requires annual dilated eye exams and proper vitamin and nutrient intake.
Prevention requires avoidance of tick habitats and bites, and vector control.
Prevention requires avoidance or rapid removal of ticks.
Prevention requires comprehensive understanding and overhaul of our assumptions.
Prevention requires education, skill, and foresight.
Prevention requires education.
Prevention requires knowing where the bacteria that contaminated the beef and milk originated.
Prevention requires long-term thinking.
Prevention requires measures to control soft ticks and to avoid their bites.
Prevention requires meticulous cleaning of the hot tub and appropriate water chemical management.
Prevention requires planning and information on spore counts.
Prevention requires strengthening local response capacities.
Prevention requires targeting of particularly vulnerable groups.
Prevention requires the correct framework of documents, practices and procedures.
Prevention requires the identification of feet 'at risk' ideally in dedicated foot clinics.
Prevention requires working with doctors to improve blood supply to the brain.
Prevention rests on immunization.
Prevention s always the best policy.
Prevention saves a lot of suffering.
Prevention saves jobs.
Prevention saves lives and dollars.
Prevention saves money and improves people's health.
Prevention saves time, effort and costs.
Prevention See the causative disorders.
Prevention See the individual conditions.
Prevention See the specific associated disorders.
Prevention See the specific disorder.
Prevention See the specific types of pancreatitis.
Prevention See treatment.
Prevention seems to be a major issue in the therapy world.
Prevention seems to be an extremely important tool in combating dental disease in all age groups.
Prevention seems to be the key to dealing with the problem.
Prevention seems to be the only solution.
Prevention seems to be the rational answer.
Prevention sorts through the hype.
Prevention stands out as the best way to stop a child or adult from developing phytophotodermatitis.
Prevention starts at home.
Prevention starts at planting time.
Prevention starts in childhood, with good nutrition and exercise.
Prevention starts in the home.
Prevention starts long before the first exposure.
Prevention starts with a temperature guage.
Prevention starts with people changing their attitudes toward violence and women.
Prevention starts with preparation.
Prevention starts with puppy training and socialization.
Prevention Stay indoors in cold weather as much as possible.
Prevention still remains the best tool to eliminate sexual harassment in the workplace.
Prevention strengthens protective factors for children and youth.
Prevention Strongly discourage children from sharing hats, scarves etc.
Prevention takes an active effort by individuals.
Prevention takes just a bit of care.
Prevention takes many forms depending on the age and gender of the plan member.
Prevention takes more than a cursory glance at an identification card in a dimly lit room.
Prevention Thoroughly clean all marine cuts and injuries with antiseptic and keep dry and clean.
Prevention typically includes a combination of diplomacy and defense.
Prevention underscores all the organization's work.
Prevention Use the campus escort and transit services.
Prevention Using seat belts and raised headrests when riding in a car can help prevent whiplash.
Prevention varies depending on the cause of the nerve damage.
Prevention varies depending on the cause.
Prevention When repotting, always use the next pot size up.
Prevention When working outside, always change clothes before working with indoor plants.
Prevention works - and no profession has done a better job of it than dentistry.
Prevention works .
Prevention works best and is the least toxic way to control mosquitoes.
Prevention works best.
Prevention works in lawn and garden pest control too.
Prevention works to reduce the problems associated with alcohol, tobacco, and other drug use.
Prevention works to save lives.
Prevention works, but the effects depend greatly on what is done and how it is done.
Prevention works, but the effects depend much on what is done and how it is done.
Prevention works, but there is much more work to do.
Prevention works, it is the only sure cure for child abuse.
Prevention Always hold infants in a sitting position during feeding.
Prevention always is the best medicine.
Prevention Always use a condom when having sex.
Prevention Always use condoms during sex.
Prevention Always use non-chlorinated water.
Prevention Always use sunscreen or sunblock, even on overcast days.
Prevention Always wash hands after using the toilet and before eating or preparing food or drink.
Prevention often involves education.
Preventitive maintenance pays.
Preventive action can eliminate costly errors and breakdowns.
Preventive action includes drinking more liquids, getting more exercise, and eating more roughage.
Preventive action is more necessary today than ever before.
Preventive action is necessary.
Preventive action is often preferable.
Preventive action is the best course of action.
Preventive action is usually much cheaper than full-scale cleanup.
Preventive action is widely misunderstood.
Preventive action prevents the occurrence of nonconformances, defects, accidents and pollution.
Preventive actions are often cheaper and less time-consuming.
Preventive actions are urgent.
Preventive actions can take many forms.
Preventive actions relate to long-term prevention solutions to anticipated or possible problems.
Preventive activities can be primary, secondary, or tertiary in nature.
Preventive approaches have to be implemented at different periods of life span.
Preventive behavior can also help patients minimize lupus flares.
Preventive cardiology is the wave of the future.
Preventive care avoids both costs and suffering.
Preventive care can now begin.
Preventive care costs far, far less than emergency treatment.
Preventive care forms the basis of the health-care system.
Preventive care goes a long way.
Preventive care includes physicians visits while an infant is a newborn in the hospital.
Preventive care is a part of providing cost-effective and efficient health care.
Preventive care is a priority.
Preventive care is also an important consideration in regards to arthritis.
Preventive care is an important component of a continuum of care.
Preventive care is as important for animals as it is for humans and nutrition is the key.
Preventive care is covered, as are vision and hearing testing.
Preventive care is covered.
Preventive care is crucial to the overall well-being and development of a child.
Preventive care is extremely important.
Preventive care is fundamental to achieving good oral health in a child patient.
Preventive care is important at all ages, however, most important in older people.
Preventive care is important for children, who are prone to illness.
Preventive care is included and prescription drug coverage is an option.
Preventive care is just that, preventing tooth decay, gum disease and the loss of teeth.
Preventive care is of greatest importance.
Preventive care is offered at no charge to the member.
Preventive care is proactive care.
Preventive care is routine care.
Preventive care is suggested.
Preventive care is the best care.
Preventive care is the cornerstone of medicine.
Preventive care is very important for every member of a family, including men.
Preventive care is very important, because birds are defensive animals.
Preventive care keeps people healthier and saves money at the same time.
Preventive care saves money.
All preventive care is to be paid by the member.
Most preventive care is covered at no charge.
Preventive conservation is any measure that prevents damage or reduces the potential for damage.
Preventive conservation is collaborative in nature.
Preventive conservation is described as the key to protecting textiles during storage and display.
Preventive contraception is the safest, happiest and least stressful way of avoiding pregnancy.
Preventive controls attempt to deter or prevent undesirable acts from occurring.
Preventive controls can be more advantageous and often more cost-effective.
Preventive counseling is a significant feature of our practice.
Preventive defense says 'Peace is too important to be left solely to the politicians'.
Preventive dentistry begins with the first tooth, typically around one year of age.
Preventive dentistry is more difficult to sell.
Preventive dentistry is promoted by providers and rewarded.
Preventive detention is available for repeat sexual and violent offenders.
Preventive detention is consitutional.
Preventive development are all undertakings that work against the genesis of conflicts.
Preventive diplomacy can reduce the risk of body bags being returned to America.
Preventive diplomacy has to be translated into preventive action.
Preventive diplomacy is called fore .
Preventive diplomacy is one aspect of conflict prevention.
Preventive diplomacy is the first line of defense.
Preventive diplomacy is to be strengthened through partnership-building measures.
Preventive diplomacy requires constant improvisation.
Preventive disarmament is another measure whose importance needs to be recognized and advanced.
Preventive disarmament is one component of the prevention strategy.
Preventive discipline is lovely.
Preventive discipline is more effective than reactive discipline.
Preventive discipline is stressed and the de-escalation principles are explained.
Preventive doses are much smaller than the doses needed to treat an attack.
Preventive ecology is the solution to regional problems before they escalates.
Preventive education continues with some success.
Preventive education is the best vaccination.
Preventive education is the first step towards effective cancer control and treatment.
Preventive ethics is as important as preventive medicine.
Preventive exercise is much more important.
Preventive fungicides are available, but they offer only a temporary solution.
Preventive health includes preventive mental health as well.
Preventive health is a tough sell in Dayton.
Preventive healthcare is a way to avoid an injury, sickness, or disease in the first place.
Preventive law can also do more than help avoid potential problems.
Preventive law can save time, trouble and money.
Preventive law is always the best policy.
Preventive law is far less expensive than remedial law.
Preventive law is just as much an misimpression as having rights.
Preventive law is one of the most valuable services a lawyer can perform.
Preventive law makes sense.
Preventive law provides peace of mind and serves the best interest of clients.
Preventive law provides the best possible form of legal cost containment.
Preventive law works.
Preventive laws can include any measure of our daily lives.
Preventive legislation is intolerable.
Preventive maintenance can eliminate future problems.
Preventive maintenance can stop a lot of problems before they become a bigger problem.
Preventive maintenance cuts down on down time.
Preventive maintenance helps deter problems before they arise.
Preventive maintenance helps to ensure that equipment is available when needed.
Preventive maintenance includes keeping in shape physically and emotionally.
Preventive maintenance is a big plus.
Preventive maintenance is a major responsibility of the entry-level mechanic.
Preventive maintenance is a more cost-effective use of highway dollars.
Preventive maintenance is a particularly effective cost-saving technique.
Preventive maintenance is a regular occurrence.
Preventive maintenance is another responsibility of electronics repairers.
Preventive maintenance is as important as regular maintenance.
Preventive maintenance is better and cheaper than fixing what breaks.
Preventive maintenance is better than breakdown maintenance.
Preventive maintenance is essential to the operation of all mechanical systems.
Preventive maintenance is impossible.
Preventive maintenance is included on all chassis repair.
Preventive maintenance is maintenance performed before a breakdown occurs.
Preventive maintenance is more cost-effective than corrective maintenance.
Preventive maintenance is more economical than expensive repairs and replacement.
Preventive maintenance is more effective and less expensive than damage repair.
Preventive maintenance is much less expensive than major repairs.
Preventive maintenance is no longer part of employers' vocabulary.
Preventive maintenance is one of the principal factors of casualty control.
Preventive maintenance is ongoing.
Preventive maintenance is performed during two regularly scheduled eight hour shifts each week.
Preventive maintenance is performed regularly to ensure optimal equipment operation.
Preventive maintenance is perhaps the most important maintenance of all.
Preventive maintenance is probably the most important strategy.
Preventive maintenance is probably the most important, after a competent operator.
Preventive maintenance is taught as well as skills to analyze failures in electrical appliances.
Preventive maintenance is the best method for keeping instruments in working order.
Preventive maintenance is the best strategy.
Preventive maintenance is the best way to avoid injuries.
Preventive maintenance is the best way to avoid potential system failure.
Preventive maintenance is the best way to stop trouble before it starts.
Preventive maintenance is the cornerstone of an effective and efficient transportation organization.
Preventive maintenance is the key.
Preventive maintenance is worth the money.
Preventive maintenance keeps trouble from happening down the road.
Preventive maintenance means overhauling items or replacing components at fixed intervals.
Preventive maintenance pays dividends, while putting maintenance off can cost dearly.
Preventive maintenance pays off.
Preventive maintenance saves money on the total cost of operating machinery.
Preventive maintenance works.
Some preventive maintenance is always necessary.
Some preventive maintenance is necessary.
Preventive measures are all that's effective to keep ammo usable for many decades.
Preventive measures are always the best safeguard.
Preventive measures are available to decrease the likelihood of passing the virus to the baby.
Preventive measures are crucial to safeguard California's animals.
Preventive measures are especially important for arthritis.
Preventive measures are essential because the disease is often well advanced before detection.
Preventive measures are essential in minimizing the spread of the hepatitis viruses.
Preventive measures are important, including use of good quality seed and crop rotation.
Preventive measures are much preferred, but make preparations for emergencies.
Preventive measures are often more effective for keeping groups healthy and active.
Preventive measures are relatively inexpensive.
Preventive measures are so simple that one wonders why there are any cases of hookworm at all.
Preventive measures are the best alternatives.
Preventive measures are the main key to successful management.
Preventive measures are the operative approach.
Preventive measures are very important to reduce the risk of pneumonia.
Preventive measures avoid damage, threats, or potential conflicts, before they happen.
Preventive measures can help avoid future complications.
Preventive measures can reduce the risk of flares.
Preventive measures can work wonders in certain cases.
Preventive measures consist in keeping from being bitten by infected mosquitoes.
Preventive measures do work and it is everyone's responsibility to do their part.
Preventive measures ease computer eye strain and other health problems.
Preventive measures including footwear and training patterns are applicable to any practice.
Preventive measures involve opportunities for education, jobs and a chance to be one's own person.
Preventive measures is the operative term.
Preventive measures Keep the child's environmental surroundings clean.
Preventive measures prove mitigation works.
Preventive measures reduce the chances of virus infected software invading our systems.
Preventive measures require care, planning andcontinued effort to be s ccessful.
More Preventive Measures Be sure to read our disclaimer .
Some preventive measures apply to all elderly persons.
Some preventive measures follow.
Preventive mediation improves understanding in the workplace and builds relationships.
Preventive medication is recommended when traveling to areas where malaria is endemic.
Most preventive medications are about equal in terms of effectiveness a.
Preventive medicine can also help the producer avoid illness and production declines.
Preventive medicine can save businesses thousands of dollars in direct and indirect costs.
Preventive medicine involves lifestyle changes using diet and exercise.
Preventive medicine is a diverse and challenging medical specialty.
Preventive medicine is an important part of one's healthcare.
Preventive medicine is another important aspect of our practice.
Preventive medicine is better than curative medicine.
Preventive medicine is emphasized as an integral part of routine care.
Preventive medicine is emphasized.
Preventive medicine is extremely effective because it combats the villain of entropy.
Preventive medicine is given a justifiable high place in essays about health.
Preventive medicine is medicine
Preventive medicine is medicine.
Preventive medicine is one of today's fastest growing medical specialties.
Preventive medicine is taught in the context of home visits with selected community volunteers.
Preventive medicine is the answer to helping to bring about the end of disease.
Preventive medicine is the best medicine.
Preventive medicine is the key here.
Preventive medicine is usually less expensive than treating the disease.
Preventive medicine makes the swelling of the airways in the lungs go away.
Preventive medicine represents a much more effective use of health care dollars.
Preventive medicine requires perspective, living with small risks to prevent major health hazards.
Preventive medicines help make the airways swell less.
Preventive methods are always preferable to crises.
Preventive nutrition is perhaps the most important development of modern health care.
Preventive nutrition is the best defense against premature aging and death.
Preventive options focus on diet - avoiding certain foods, which can trigger migraines.
Preventive planning distributes the work load, saves money and reduces complaints from homeowners.
Preventive practices can go a long way in staving off illness and disease.
Preventive procedures are in place and are utilized at all times.
Preventive programs are more effective and less costly.
Preventive programs compete with other proposals, some of which are driven by political climate.
Preventive programs offer counselor and referral services.
Preventive recognition is available.
Preventive remedies are better.
Most preventive safety concerning children involves safety awareness.
Preventive services are also available.
Preventive services are essential in order for a managed care organization to be able to operate.
Preventive services are few and far between.
Preventive services are free.
Preventive services can help seniors remain independent and plan for their needs.
Preventive services work best for family and society.
Any preventive software can only protect against known viruses.
Preventive sprays are also effective for high value trees.
Preventive steps are important because once diseases are present they are very difficult to control.
Preventive steps are the best means for preventing squatting problems.
Preventive steps taken in childhood can promote healthy eyes throughout life.
Preventive strategies are specific to the cause of the stone and to the patient's individual needs.
Preventive strategies Be cautious when walking in grass or woods.
Preventive strategies can be effective.
Preventive surgery is required to preclude bowel cancer.
Preventive therapy is an important element of syphilis control efforts.
Preventive therapy is much more effective than simply reacting once the injury has occurred.
Preventive treatment is provided to people who are at risk of developing the disease.
Preventive treatments are also possible using the body maps.
Preventive treatments are best.
Preventive vaccines aim to prevent new infections by inducing immunity in uninfected individuals.
Preventive vaccines are available and provide temporary resistance.
Preventive vaccines are the most effective medical intervention there is.
Most preventive work is free of charge.
Preverbal constructs can produce psychosomatic disorders.
Preveterinary preparation is available.
Preview audiences find it hard to believe that they aren t acting, but it s all real.
Preview screenings continue with test audiences.
A preview is a showing
Preview addresses the special needs of larger and more complex payrolls.
Preview applets online.
Preview autosize or view full screen.
Preview changes to both window appearance, and desktop while editing.
Preview copy available.
Preview copy with publisher's announcement as loose insert.
PreVIEW enables electronic communication between creators and users of design data.
Preview faxes, add graphics, edit headers and footers, and set page parameters.
Preview features here.
PReView is a tool for network performance reporting and real-time troubleshooting and diagnostics.
Preview lectures every morning.
Preview offers tools for packaging digital content and safely distributing it electronically.
Preview provides screen output.
Preview reports before printing it out.
Preview reports on the screen before printing.
Preview shows full color images of lightning in the Mojave Desert.
Preview shows postscript file cropped too close to text.
Preview slows down the process of opening files, so use it with discretion.
Previews also help to sort through web information efficiently.
Previews are ads.
Previews are also available for professional development programs.
Previews are available for the games shown.
Previews are available free to potential customers within the United States.
Previews are available on all titles listed below.
Previews are available upon request from the instructor.
Previews are available upon request.
Previews are available.
Previews are easy to find and eliminate.
Previews are even ultra, giving just a peek.
Previews are fast.
Previews are for evaluation for purchase only.
Previews are for the purpose of evaluation only.
Previews are free to ticket holders.
Previews are free.
Previews are frequently available up to four days prior to submission dates.
Previews are from roll film only.
Previews are in Windows Media format.
Previews are located in movies.
Previews are on download page.
Previews are open to the public.
Previews are screening.
Previews begin in just two months.
Previews begin tomorrow.
Previews Check out the latest releases in movies, TV, videos, DVDs, and CDs.
Previews detail the content as well as provide context within the larger subject area.
Previews follow all wallpapers.
Previews Get a advanced look at the games of tomorrow.
Previews Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Previews is a five week commitment.
Previews is a Publication of Diamond Comic Distributors.
Previews is distributed to new and transfer students.
Previews is fun to read and easy to use.
Previews is sort of the comic equivilant of the TV guide.
Previews make it clear that the movie is gruesome, heavy going.
Previews Provide a small preview window which shows how the effect shows up on the image.
Previews provide limited access to the actual course.
Previews require a credit card as guarantee.
All previews are available in postscript and pdf format.
All previews are quicktime video.
More Previews click here.
Most previews seem to tell the whole story.
Some previews are available for free listening and download.
Previewed tapes are non-refundable.
All previous account are still valid.
Previous achievement is a great inspiration, but it is only inspiration.
Previous achievement is the percentage of completion criteria achieved during the previous plan.
Some previous acquaintances reappear.
Previous advertisers have priority.
Previous algorithms use either some redundant modulus or big modulo operations.
Previous analyses show low concentrations of strontium in samples of liquid waste.
Previous analysis suggests a flat marginal benefit curve.
Previous announcements are available here .
Previous announcements are here .
All previous answers are available for reference.
Previous applicants are also welcome to attend.
Previous applicants are eligible to reapply.
Previous applicants are encouraged to reapply, however, previous participants are ineligible.
Previous applicants are welcome to apply again.
Previous applicants are welcome to apply.
Previous applicants remain eligible.
Previous applicants report that it is very helpful.
Previous articles are also available.
Previous articles are available for downloading via a bulletin board.
Previous articles are in the news archive .
Previous articles are searchable by year.
Previous articles suggest explanations .
Previous attempts are predictive of future attempts.
Previous attempts live here .
Previous audiograms help, especially if measurable hearing existed with previous air-bone gaps.
Previous balance indicates any credit or amount owing from the previous month's billing.
Previous benefits experience a plus.
Previous borrowers continue under the same terms as their previous loans.
Previous borrowers retain their original interest rates.
Previous broadcasts are available in the archive .
Previous bulletins are available.
Previous Bulletins See the previous bulletins to review on recent church services at Covenant.
Previous buyers please specify number.
Previous cases show their use of covert video has resulted in search warrants and convictions.
Previous cases suggest that many rapes often go unpunished and without any remedies and reparations.
Previous catch is the sum of all previous sampling efforts.
All previous chairpersons are lifetime members.
Previous challengers seem to have tried to do it all, and ended up falling short everywhere.
Previous changes are on the What was new page.
Previous chest roentgenograms Obtains a history on patients with presenting problems.
Previous chips show that adaptive circuit is working when adapting to the baseline.
Previous Classes Click on to view courses within the selected department.
Previous Clients Look at some of their previous clients sites.
Previous collections are freely accessible.
Previous columns are available here .
Previous columns are available.
Previous columns are now available in Aging Issues Archive .
All previous columns are still available, along with reader commentary.
All previous comics are always available in the archives.
Previous comments apply here also.
Previous comments are also available.
Previous computer skills an asset.
All previous constitutions are null and void.
Previous contents is lost.
Any previous content is cleared.
Previous contracts vary from replacing a pane of glass to construction work.
Previous cookie contains missing byte.
Previous copies are available for download.
Previous copies are available in the Web newletter archive .
Previous copyrights apply.
Previous courses differ from the current one.
Previous coursework is applicable, if it meets the time requirement.
All previous coursework is applicability to the new program.
All previous coursework is evaluated for applicability to the new program.
Previous cracks are almost invisible.
Previous crosswords are available in the archive.
Previous customers have the added benefit of paying by personal check.
Previous customers login.
Previous Customers Sign in Here .
All previous dates refer to previous tape versions.
All previous dates refer to previous versions.
Previous data are available here .
Previous data is nearly a year old.
Previous data is replaced with new data.
Previous data suggest that elevated intake increases weight gain and qiviut growth.
Previous decisions play no role in the review of new applicants.
Previous defeats make the battle even more painful.
Previous designs can provide a library of excellent starting points.
All previous designs use sharp edges to minimise the overlap.
Previous dispatch experience a plus.
Previous disturbance enhances the negative effects of trampling on barnacles.
All previous drafts are to be turned in with each submission.
Previous dreams grow stale.
Previous edition is obsolete.
Previous edition is on hand awaiting review.
Previous edition is on-hand awaiting review.
Previous editions are also available .
Previous editions are also available in the stacks under different call numbers.
Previous editions are also available.
Previous editions are available online.
Previous editions are available right here .
Previous editions are available to persons subscribing at a later date.
Previous editions are in the stacks.
Previous editions are obsolete.
Previous editions circulate.
Previous editions have no chapter at all concerning death notification.
Previous editions remain in print.
All previous editions are obsolete and unusable.
All previous editions are obsolete.
All previous editions are seriously obsolete.
Previous education is also extremely important.
Previous efforts bring rewards.
Previous Employers are also excellent networking connections.
Previous employers are important sources of information about job applicants.
Previous employers are the best references.
Previous Employment Enter the previous employment code.
Previous employment includes cattle ranches, guest ranches and commercial baking.
Previous employment is verified according to dates of employment and job performance.
Previous enrollments reflect interactive video courses only.
Previous enrollments reflect video-based courses only.
Previous entrants are eligible.
Previous entries are below.
Previous entries are here .
Previous entries are still available at the link below.
All previous entries are searchable and contain valuable information.
Previous episodes Click here to view a list of episodes.
Previous exams are available for study.
Previous exams are here .
Previous exams are online .
Some previous exams are available here .
Previous examinations are on reserve for the course.
Previous examples are still available for download.
Previous excavation reports on Yarmukian sites make no mention of either seashells or obsidian.
Previous excavations have yet to examine time and eternity in a fully systematic way.
Previous excerpts remain available.
Previous experience can help in appropriate placements for a new position.
Previous experience conditions a person to respond to some things and to ignore others.
Previous experience counseling low and moderate income individuals or families is required.
Previous experience dealing with the public is considered an asset.
Previous experience demonstrates that there are limitless ways to accomplish that goal.
Previous experience directing similar projects is desirable.
Previous experience gained by work experience or writing for a college magazine is useful.
Previous experience includes being a high school teacher, assistant principal, and principal.
Previous experience includes human resources and office administration.
Previous experience includes investigating various felonies and drug related offenses.
Previous experience includes loan workouts, appraisal, and commercial real estate brokerage.
Previous experience includes work both in computer entertainment and business applications.
Previous experience includes working in Belgium, France and Israel.
Previous experience indicates the program benefits both student and scientist.
Previous experience involving grants and proposals is desirable.
Previous experience is a definite advantage.
Previous experience is a definite asset.
Previous experience is a plus, but willing to train a recent grad.
Previous experience is a plus.
Previous experience is another key factor in the decision.
Previous experience is desirable.
Previous experience is essential and a knowledge of education policy development is desirable.
Previous experience is essential and qualifications are desirable.
Previous experience is essential for managerial positions.
Previous experience is helpful.
Previous experience is highly desirable.
Previous experience is in local newspaper publishing.
Previous experience is necessary to complete tasks, which have a broad scope and impact.
Previous experience is necessary.
Previous experience is needed as well as creativity and enthusiasm.
Previous experience is preferred for cashiers.
Previous experience is preferred.
Previous experience is required for employment as a mechanic in maintenance.
Previous experience is required in advertising, film production, manager of film shoot.
Previous experience is required.
Previous experience is unnecessary.
Previous experience is unquestionably the most reassuring proof to an employer.
Previous experience is vital in the vast number of cases.
Previous experience leading an independent school is necessary.
Previous experience managing a group of professionals is highly desirable.
Previous experience managing a medical office is required.
Previous experience managing medical communications projects in an agency setting is required.
Previous experience measuring at least one semiconductor device is preferred.
Previous experience performing serials tasks is preferred.
Previous experience preparing and proofreading long documents is preferred.
Previous experience provides scant cause for optimism.
Previous experience require.
Previous experience requiring extensive telephone contact is beneficial.
Previous experience responding to RFPs and making high-level presentations is critical to success.
Previous experience reviewing technology products as well as writing reviews is required.
Previous experience running websites is required.
Previous experience selling to foodservice or vending customers is preferred.
Previous experience serving the external customers is preferred.
Previous experience shows that it takes a few weeks for the devs to sort the bugs out.
Previous experience shows that such gains are invariably short-lived and ultimately detrimental.
Previous experience supervising employees is a plus.
Previous experience supervising staff is required.
Previous experience support professional staff.
Previous experience teaching LSAT classes is obviously highly relevant.
Previous experience training legal support staff and attorneys is preferred.
Previous experience using a computer is recommended.
Previous experience using a mouse is highly desirable.
Previous experience using a Web browser is recommended.
Previous experience using adult and embryonic mice is an asset.
Previous experience using RF heating is highly desirable.
Previous experience using the VA clinical data systems is also preferred.
Previous experience utilizing word processing and database software programs is required.
Previous experience working as an analyst is essential.
Previous experience working for a newswire, daily newspaper or trade journal is a definite plus.
Previous experience working in a health library or special library setting is required.
Previous experience working in a library is essential, together with excellent IT skills.
Previous experience working in a medical environment or in customer service is preferred.
Previous experience working in a packaging or manufacturing setting is preferred.
Previous experience working in a team environment is important and manufacturing is an asset.
Previous experience working in an educational environment is desirable.
Previous experience working in the Balkans is highly desirable.
Previous experience working in the VoIP, broadband or telecommunications industry is a plus.
Previous experience working on corporate websites is desirable.
Previous experience working on programs for underrepresented populations is highly desirable.
Previous experience working or studying abroad is preferred.
Previous experience working with animals is considered as well.
Previous experience working with children in a recreational setting is required.
Previous experience working with children is a prerequisite.
Previous experience working with children is desirable.
Previous experience working with children is preferred.
Previous experience working with children is required.
Previous experience working with children or in a health setting is desired.
Previous experience working with college students is preferred.
Previous experience working with cw tunable lasers is desirable.
Previous experience working with individuals with special needs is an advantage.
Previous experience working with Japanese customers and knowledge of Japanese culture is necessary.
Previous experience working with mice is required.
Previous experience working with nonprofit or membership association is preferred.
Previous experience working with ocean data is desirable.
Previous experience working with people with a psychiatric disability is essential.
Previous experience working with rural populations is desirable.
Previous experience working with special education population is desirable.
Previous experience working with special education students is preferred.
Previous experience working with the public in a customer service environment is preferred.
Previous experience working with tribal communities is a plus.
Previous experience working with websites and e-commerce strategies is preferred.
Previous experience working with young people is desirable.
Previous experience working with youth is considered an asset.
Previous experience working within a radio station is preferred.
Previous experience working within an agency is a plus.
Previous experiences certificate wherever applicable.
Any previous experience managing Web services, especially interactive ones, is a very big plus.
Any previous experience teaching others is a plus.
Some previous experience is a plus.
Some previous experience is necessary.
Some previous experience is required on our more adventurous trips.
Some previous experience req'd.
Previous experiments indicate it can respond to gravity changes very quickly.
Previous experiments show that olfactory information is critical for nurturing.
Previous exposure can lead to tolerance, increased sensitivity, or make no difference.
All previous features remain available as well.
Previous figures generated by the on-line experiments are available.
Previous file is deleted, if it exists.
Previous fixes are in the same table.
Previous forms are good for the fall.
Previous governments didn t see Ontario s electricity system for what it truly is.
Previous gown is retired.
Previous grants writing experience is strongly desirable.
Previous group projects online.
Previous guests appear below . . .
Previous guests login here.
Previous guidance remains in effect.
Previous idea is on target.
Previous image is called reference image .
Previous inclusion affords no guarantee of future inclusion on the board.
Any previous index is silently overwritten.
Previous inflammation alters the response of the rat colon to stress.
Previous information is archived and can be obtained on request.
Any previous information is wiped.
Previous input is preserved through the use of markers.
Previous inspections determine that it is a high risk.
All previous instruction is on video, supported with hardware and field manuals.
Previous instructors can be valuable resources.
Previous instruments let scientists see parts of the daytime aurora, or the entire nightside auora.
Previous interns can provide leads.
Previous investigations using similar models utilize only forward modeling procedures.
Previous investigators are welcome to continue their research.
Previous issue queries .
Previous issues appears in the archives.
Previous issues are accessible through the site's archives.
Previous issues are also available online .
Previous issues are also available through the links below.
Previous issues are also available upon request.
Previous issues are also available.
Previous issues are also only available to subscribers.
Previous issues are avaiable on the site as well, so there's plenty to read.
Previous issues are available below .
Previous issues are available below.
Previous issues are available here .
Previous issues are available on microfilm.
Previous issues are available online .
Previous issues are available online.
Previous issues are available through the index of past issues .
Previous issues are available up to three months back.
Previous issues are available upon request.
Previous issues are available when the new one is published.
Previous issues are available.
Previous Issues are available.
Previous issues are in html format.
Previous issues are in the newspaper cabinets until they are replaced by microforms.
Previous issues are only available in hard copy currently.
Previous Issues Find back issues here, indexed by date.
Previous issues go back to the first issue of the current year.
Previous Issues Join our mailing list to receive newsletters and special offers.
Previous Issues Read more home tips and trends .
Previous Issues Read more love and family tips and trends .
All previous issues are available as text.
All previous issues are available.
All previous issues are currently available.
All previous issues are online and links given in online issues are clickable.
All previous issues are still available as well.
All previous issues are still available.
All previous issues are subject to availability and can be supplied at the single issue rate.
Some previous issues are also available.
Some previous issues are here also.
Previous knowledge is required.
Much previous knowledge is needed to fully appreciate the importance and the order of the images.
All previous labs are available for perusal.
Previous laboratory work a definitive plus.
Previous landlords are usually the primary cause of delay.
Previous lessons are available in the archive and in thematic lesson plan units .
Previous lessons are available in the archive and in thematic lesson plan units.
Previous lessons are available in the archive.
Previous lessons are below.
Previous lists are also available through a link at the bottom of the page.
Previous lists are also available.
Previous listings are also available.
Previous listings are also online.
Previous literature finds investment efficiency linked to full hedging.
Previous logs are compressed and for previous years logged in year directories.
Previous logs are in the logbook archives .
Any previous log is overwritten.
Previous mammograms are frequently helpful in deciding the next step.
Previous material is available online but is no longer our direction.
Previous meetings seem to have worked well with participants finding their own funding.
Previous members can still get access via the above entrance.
Previous members welcome.
All previous members are available and eligible.
Previous memos are available here .
Previous memories are all that's left.
Previous Message displays the previous message in order.
Previous Message Go to the previous message which is replying to the same thing.
Previous message plays.
Previous messages are available here.
All previous messages are still available by clicking here .
Previous methods are linear only in n, and assume that k is a fixed constant.
Previous methods utilize molecular biology and biochemical techniques for detection.
Previous minutes are HTML documents.
Previous months are also available for download from an archive .
Previous months are also available.
All previous months are available to look at.
Previous names are cross-referenced and given, at our discretion, in parentheses.
Previous names are in brackets.
Previous names used include spastic colon, nervous bowel, irritable colon and mucus colitis.
Previous news are in the news archive .
Previous news is here.
Previous newsletters are also available here with details about recent birding tours.
Previous newsletters are available here .
Previous newsletters are available here for review.
Previous newsletters are available in the section newsletter.
Previous newsletters are available online.
Previous newsletters are available to view plus details on various forms of donation.
Previous newsletters are available.
Previous nominees are eligible for consideration as well.
All previous nominees remain in consideration.
Previous numbers reflect interactive video courses only.
All previous offers are now null and void.
Previous one is monotonic .
Previous Order Allows users to add items and re-send previously created orders.
Previous owners initials on first page.
Previous owners name on facing page.
Previous owners name on front free endpaper, otherwise very good condition in like dust jacket.
Previous owners name on inside cover.
Previous page Go back to the previous page.
Previous participants are ineligible.
Previous participants are our best advertisement.
Previous participants are welcome.
All previous participants are also eligible for the same discounts.
All previous participants offer and participate in the recruitment of new participants.
Previous patients testify to the success of the operation.
Previous peaks differ in size.
Previous performances are available in a searchable archive .
Previous permits are no longer valid.
Previous phases are repeated, only in reverse.
Some previous philosophy is desirable.
Previous photos keep in an album here.
Previous pictures are in the old pictures section. .
Previous plans come to fruition.
Previous plots are available in the archive.
All previous points earned remain as played.
Any previous point is just a single mouse click away.
Previous positions are below for reference.
Previous positions are in brackets.
Previous posts give the directions.
Previous postings are available here as well.
All previous postings are past their response deadlines and have been removed from our website.
Previous poultry pens now house pool filtration plant and store garden furniture.
Previous practice is a valid consideration in determining jurisdiction.
Previous precision is kept.
Previous predictions are now a reality.
Previous preparation is required per instructions from the instructor.
Previous presenter provides tasty treats.
Previous price lists no longer apply.
All previous prices are void.
All previous prices lose their validity herewith.
Previous profiles Use the drop down box below to view previous profiles.
Previous programs are also available.
Previous projects has no priority.
Previous publication is unnecessary and, in fact, unconsidered.
Previous publications are also available in Products Catalog .
Previous publications are also available in the Product Catalog.
Previous publications are available.
Previous queries are available at the link below.
Previous quizes are available.
Previous rations fed to purchased calves are usually unknown.
All previous records are largely irrelevant to what is happening in London.
Previous release allow horizontal subsetting only.
Some previous releases are available here .
Previous renter is interested in renting again.
Previous reports are also available.
Previous Reports are also available.
Previous reports are available in hard copy only.
Previous reports are available on the historical page.
Previous reports suggest that A. oxylophus uses the latter two strategies.
Any previous request is overwritten without warning.
All previous requirements continue to apply.
Previous research appears to have overlooked the impact that smoking has on hypertonia.
Previous research includes contaminant transport in both air and water.
Previous research includes detecting failures in metal turbine blades and biological samples.
Previous research includes exploring issues in adolescent development.
Previous research indicates coronary heart disease is the leading killer of women.
Previous research indicates that gambling's impact on individuals can be very damaging.
Previous research indicates that there is minimal risk to marine organisms.
Previous research indicates that tyrosine phosphorylation can prolong sodium current.
Previous research indicates that yield volatility exhibits patterns that can be readily modeled.
Previous research indicates the program is effective in reducing violent recidivism.
Previous research ranges from structural geology to solid-state chemistry.
Previous research reveals two opposing perspectives on factors that influence a woman's work status.
Previous research shows that migraine and depression are linked, but they have independent causes.
Previous research shows the plates are stuck against each other over a large area.
Previous research suggests that men and women smoke for different reasons.
Previous research suggests that smoking can damage the endothelium.
Previous research suggests that the mudbanks are dynamic features which migrate, accrete and erode.
Previous resources are now available to freely download from our website on the downloads page .
Previous responses are marks .
Previous responses are right, reduce the voltage or recircualte buffer or run in a cold room.
Previous results are exponential in the dimension.
Previous results are no indication of future performance.
Previous results carry forward to minimize data entry.
Previous Results Keep track of the outcome of previous votes here.
Previous reviews are available in the archive.
Previous rules go out the window.
Previous runs provide a basis for further simulations.
Previous sales experience a plus.
Some previous sales experience a plus.
Previous schemata become extremely important.
Previous scholarship treats the rave as a hypertext of pleasure and disappearance.
Previous scores become invalid when the exam is retaken, even if the previous score was higher.
Previous sea going experience is highly desirable.
Previous searches appear as in pull-down menus.
Previous Searches Provides a histry of previous checks that have been carried out on the vehicle.
All previous searches performed during the current session in any database are available for reuse.
Previous section displays the previous adjacent sibling in the hierarchical document.
Previous selections are also available in a searchable archive.
Previous selections cover customs and protocol for particular countries.
All previous selections are equally spectacular.
All previous series are also available for exhibition booking.
Previous sermons are also available in sermon archives .
Previous server rotates out.
Previous sessions are available to view via streaming.
Previous sketches are also available.
Previous slides Go to the previous newspaper cover .
Previous solutions have an important practical disadvantage.
All previous statements are opinion.
Previous stories are available here .
Previous stories are below.
Previous Stories Go to top.
Previous strength becomes the source of demise.
Previous students are an excellent source of leads and orientation.
Previous students call about special discount.
Previous students can improve skills.
Previous students range from beginners to professional artists.
Previous students report better comprehension, memory, interest, and grades.
Some previous students give their views.
Previous studies appear to have overestimated the wind resource of eastern Oklahoma.
Previous studies can provide the starting point for the future.
Previous studies demonstrate that many children face obstacles in obtaining health care.
Previous studies focus on individual securities.
Previous studies have shown learning can result in changes in brain activity.
Previous studies have shown the more difficult the task, the more of the brain is activated.
Previous studies indicate higher doses have treatment potential.
Previous studies indicate that feathers serve as the primary excretory pathway for organic mercury.
Previous studies indicate that link-based algorithms perform best.
Previous studies indicate that our brain consists of a large number of repeating modules.
Previous studies indicate that.
Previous studies link cognitive deficits with visual hallucinations.
Previous studies link success to longevity.
Previous studies show breast cancer patients who took tamoxifen reduced their risk of cardiac death.
Previous studies show it helps pregnant women keep their blood vessels open to their fetuses.
Previous studies show smoking lowers vitamin C levels in adults.
Previous studies show that glucosamine sulfate can also provide relief.
Previous studies suggest pollution increases rainfall.
Previous studies suggest racial disparities in influenza vaccine coverage.
Previous studies suggest that adverse handling can lower milk production.
Previous studies suggest that chromium plainly accumulates in the lungs.
Previous studies suggest that coyotes are intolerant of foxes where their ranges overlap.
Previous studies suggest that variations in brain function exist in patients with depression.
Previous studies suggest that women are more likely than men to have the syndrome.
Previous studies suggest the side of the thumb as a less painful site.
All previous studies regard standard driver education, with classroom lectures.
Many previous studies corroborate the role of androgens in enhancing sexual desire in women and men.
Many previous studies rely on population density.
Some previous studies report that stereo depth perception is compromised at isoluminance.
Previous summaries are also available.
Previous surgery includes bilateral femoral and tibial osteotomies for valgus deformities.
Previous surveys are here .
Previous surveying skills a plus, but willing to train.
Previous suspicions become justified.
Previous systems are still available, and offer an excellent range of software for a lower price.
Previous systems necessitate linear time in the number of modules on the surface.
Previous telecommunications experience a plus.
Previous tests are available for review.
Previous texture is equalized with new texture.
Previous theorem holds even if the line d is imaginary.
Previous tidbits are available by clicking here.
Previous tips are links and listed by topic.
Previous title is Tuberculosis in the United States .
Previous tools imply that some user have more privileges than other users.
Previous topics are available in the archive.
Previous tracks are still available in music .
Previous training is required in most cases.
Previous transcripts are available below.
Most previous translations are either over-romantic, or dull.
Previous treatments are either very inconvenient or require painful injection.
Previous Trips Find out more about previous trips and topics.
Previous updates are also available here.
Previous updates are also available.
Previous updates are available just below.
Previous urges return.
Previous users can simply re-register for the software.
Any previous value bound to x is discarded.
Any previous variables are unknown in following compuations.
Previous vegetation is probably the most important factor in cutworm potential.
Previous version seems to be the most buggy one.
Previous versions are all beta versions.
Previous versions are available in other directories.
Previous versions are available in the archive section.
Previous versions are available via ftp .
Previous versions are fine for burning data discs though.
Previous versions are obsolete.
Previous versions are permanently out of print.
Previous versions are still available via ftp.
Previous versions are still free to use for home users.
Previous versions contain errors, use all caps for italics, and use some strange punctuation.
Previous versions display the messages fine.
Previous versions require the user to manually enter a legend for each file.
Previous versions understand less than current versions.
Previous versions using a four-digit year are compliant.
All previous versions are unreleased beta versions.
All previous versions are very unreliable.
All previous versions have a bug in the date comparison and sorting routines.
All previous versions ignore the implied data type, and look directly at the packet data type.
Some previous versions are also available in parallel versions.
Some previous versions are available in the faql.all.gz file.
Previous violations can be a reason for denial of the amplified sound permit.
Previous visit decreases proportionally with time spent.
Previous volumes are accessible here .
Previous volumes are also accessible here .
Previous volumes are also available.
Previous volumes are available.
Previous volumes are on the sixth floor.
All previous volumes are available.
Previous winners are also ineligible.
Previous winners are eligible and are encouragd to submit new works.
Previous winners are eligible and encouraged to submit new works.
Previous winners are eligible for a second award.
Previous winners are eligible for new contests since each months prize is always different.
Previous winners are eligible for scholarships.
Previous winners are eligible to reapply after five years.
Previous winners are eligible.
Previous winners are ineligible for nomination.
Previous winners are ineligible.
Previous winners are no longer eligible.
Previous winners are on the ' Snap of the Year ' page.
Previous winners are on the archive page.
Previous winners can submit an entry just for fun however.
Previous winners have the corresponding year next to their names.
Previous winners represent the best of writers in all fields of writing as judged by their peers.
Previous winners Subscribe to our newsletter for news on great deals.
Previous work assumes that the high frequency signal components arise from translation motion.
Previous work describes how to efficiently integrate threads.
Previous work done by Ballad consists of reconnaissance mapping and rock sampling.
Previous work done on grasp classification and recognition is discussed.
Previous work finds replication yields significantly different results over time.
Previous work includes a study of fast statistical parsing.
Previous work includes international advertising telesales.
Previous work includes studies on the preferential incorporation of cocaine into pigmented hair.
Previous work is restricted to the standard and generalized eigenvalue problems.
Previous work is reviewed and many new results are presented.
Previous work manages the performance tradeoffs that exist between branches only indirectly.
Previous work related experience is helpful.
Previous work shows some of the merits of the propositional approach.
Previous work shows that DQIs are an elegant and powerful interface to small databases.
Previous work suggests that such tandem networks can support fast simulation for a sizable network.
Previous works point out that iGP is successful for such machine learning and data mining tasks.
Previous works use photographs and projections to explore issues around navigation and place.
Previous writing is saved in the applicable previous page.
Previous year reports free and downloadable.
Previous years are also available here.
Previous years are at the end.
Previous years are in printed format.
Previous years are in storage.
Previous years are in the general collection with the monographs.
Previous years are now out of print.
Previous years are on microfiche.
Previous years reflect the same trend.
Previous Years See pictures on our floats from years gone by.
All previous years are on microfiche on the southwest corner of the second floor.
Any previous year can be used as a template, so it's pretty simple.
Previsit materials are available.
Prevocational services consist of two programs.
Prey animals are generally more abundant in open forest.
Prey animals are usually able to run with the heard after a short time.
Prey animals can easily become defensive when feeling threatened.
Prey animals come to water.
Prey animals compete with each other to escape from predators and to find food for themselves.
Prey animals evolve faster running speeds because predators do.
Prey animals have eyes on the side of their heads so that they can see their hindquarters.
Prey animals have eyes.
Prey animals hide from predators.
Prey animals interact with their environment very differently than predators like cats and dogs.
Prey animals pin a life on the right shoulder.
Prey animals prefer a panorama view of the world.
Many prey animals are actually bigger than the cat itself.
Most prey animals can run much faster than the average lion.
Most prey animals come to water.
Most prey animals have eyes.
Some prey animals are herbivores , meaning they eat plants.
Some prey animals are killed by cats.
Some prey animals are killed by pet cats.
Some prey animals escape beasts.
Some prey animals prey on mice.
Some prey animals starve to death.
Prey drive can cause dog bites.
Prey drive can differ significantly based on breed, upbringing, environment, and other factors.
Prey drive has to do wit chasing and killing things that run away.
Prey drive is a genetically inherited drive, as is hardness.
Prey drive is a highly emotional state for a dog.
Prey drive is activated by seeing, smelling, and hearing.
Prey drive is also the foundation for good protection training.
Prey Drive is associated with hunting, chasing, and killing prey for food.
Prey drive is inborn, and is a trainable instinct, meaning it can be enhanced or reduced.
Prey drive Is responsible for behaviors related to chasing, catching and killing prey.
Prey drive is stimulated or trigger by movement.
Prey drive is the desire to chase a moving object, to grab it and shake it once it's caught.
Prey drive is the instinctive inclination of a carnivore to find, pursue and capture prey .
Prey drive refers to the dog's natural desire to chase, capture and kill prey.
Prey fish help maintain balance in the fish community.
Prey fish targeted by bald eagles are often quite large.
Prey adapts for survival.
Prey also use coloring patterns to blend into their surroundings.
Prey are animals which are hunted by the predator.
Prey are animals which are killed and eaten by predators.
Prey are by no means uneducable.
Prey are much more difficult to find and so predator numbers also start to dwindle.
Prey are organisms which are eaten to produce energy.
Prey are paralyzed by the toxin-bearing nematocysts located on the tentacles.
Prey are swallowed whole and pellets of indigestible remains are regurgitated.
Prey are the consumers which are killed and eaten by the predators.
Prey buffering by use of humans for antipredatory shields is only one example.
Prey can find refuge through the size of individuals.
Prey causes damage.
Prey causes psychological damage.
Prey comes into contact.
Prey consists mainly of fish or squid smaller than itself.
Prey consists of animals.
Prey consists of frogs, birds, lizards, mice and rats.
Prey consists of insects and other small arthropods.
Prey consists of insects, mites and other small arthropods.
Prey consists of insects.
Prey consists of mud crabs, ghost shrimp, and mud shrimp.
Prey consists of small mammals, lizards, and occasionally birds.
Prey consists primarily of insects and spiders.
Prey consumed are insects, crayfish, snails, fish, tadpoles, and nearly anything it can catch.
Prey develop defenses against their predators, and predators strive to overcome such obstacles.
Prey driven dogs tend to chase things that move fast.
Prey eats food.
Prey eats healthy food.
Prey eats plants.
Prey evolve behaviors, armor, and other defenses that reduce their vulnerability to predators.
Prey forages sites.
Prey gains advantage.
Prey gains significant advantage.
Prey gives vv.
Prey hangs from jaws.
Prey has (part) brains.
Prey has (part) cell membranes.
Prey has (part) cells.
Prey has (part) corpi.
Prey has (part) cytoplasm.
Prey has (part) ears.
Prey has (part) faces.
Prey has (part) heads.
Prey has (part) nuclei.
Prey has (part) plasma membranes.
Prey has (part) sections.
Prey has (part) skulls.
Prey has (part) vacuoles.
Prey has responses.
Prey have a variety of ways of protecting themselves.
Prey have one eye located on each side of the head.
Prey have one other defensive option.
Prey hide in it to escape bass.
Prey hides in crevices.
Prey includes african giant rats.
Prey includes beetles, slugs, spiders.
Prey includes bony fishes, other sharks, marine mammals, seabirds, and invertebrates.
Prey includes crickets, grasshoppers, beetles, and scorpions.
Prey includes earthworms and other small salamanders, lizards, and snakes.
Prey includes earthworms.
Prey includes fish, aquatic invertebrates and reptiles.
Prey includes frogs.
Prey includes giant rats.
Prey includes insect larvae, crustaceans, worms, snails, leeches, tadpoles and small fish.
Prey includes insects, small mammals, birds, lizards, small non-venomous snakes, and small fish.
Prey includes insects, spiders, and earthworms.
Prey includes lizards.
Prey includes mammals.
Prey includes midges.
Prey includes moths, flies, beetles, and bugs.
Prey includes rabbits.
Prey includes rats.
Prey includes reindeer, roe deer, wild sheep and elk.
Prey includes rodents, birds, lizards, frogs and other amphibian species.
Prey includes small mammals.
Prey includes small rodents as well as birds, reptiles, fish and frogs.
Prey includes small rodents, hares, rabbits, birds, reptiles and fish.
Prey infects with parasites.
Prey inhabits areas.
Prey inhabits grassland.
Prey inhabits same areas.
Prey instinctively fight back against their predators as a form of self defense.
Prey is a victim
Prey is abundant then.
Prey is always on the move, it always moves in an evasive fashion, and it is panic-stricken.
Prey is an animal that is hunted and eaten for food.
Prey is animals.
Prey is bleed to death.
Prey is books.
Prey is captured by individuals.
Prey is caught by stalking or ambushing from trees or atop logs or rocks.
Prey is consumed by predators.
Prey is eaten underwater.
Prey is food for a predator.
Prey is hunted by stalk and chase.
Prey is killed by animals.
Prey is killed by biting the back of the skull, after which the prey is often swallowed whole.
Prey is killed by carnivores.
Prey is killed by constriction and suffocation.
Prey is killed by constriction.
Prey is killed by large carnivores.
Prey is killed by other animals.
Prey is largely small mammals, particularly short-tailed field voles.
Prey is mainly from the ground and little, if any, food is captured in flight.
Prey is mostly insects and other invertebrates.
Prey is obtained by a quick approach from cover.
Prey is obtained by hunting either on the ground or in the trees.
Prey is obtained by pouncing, stalking, and chasing in open habitats.
Prey is often large, such as Indian axis deer or even banteng cattle and the formidable wild boar.
Prey is secured with tiny rows of needle-sharp teeth, then suffocated through constriction.
Prey is someone or something that is hunted.
Prey is struck and released, after which the snake follows the scent trail left by the dying prey.
Prey is stunned by dropping from a height or whacking it against a branch before swallowing.
Prey is taken to a regular feeding perch or the nest to be eaten, usually in whole or large pieces.
Prey is taken up by the beak and transferred to the cheek pouches.
Prey is than dragged into the funnel for consumption.
Prey is victims.
Prey is what the lion hunts and eats.
Prey isa animal.
Prey isa beast.
Prey isa creature.
Prey lives in aquatic vegetation.
Prey lives in habitats.
Prey lives in vegetation.
Prey makes up diets.
Prey needs protection.
Prey only adapt under the influence of predators.
Prey primarily consist of fish and squid.
Prey produces offspring.
Prey provides food.
Prey ranges in size from swallows to large ducks.
Prey ranges in size.
Prey refuges in relation to consumer pressure gradients.
Prey remains in grey seal faeces from the Moray Firth area of Scotland.
Prey routinely stumble too close to the opening, or even walk right into the spider's den.
Prey running into the tentacles is stung and moved to the mouth by the tentacles.
Prey searches for prey.
Prey uses lots of vocalization to harass predator.
Prey uses portals literally everywhere .
Prey varies according to terrain.
Prey varies from duiker to zebra, blue wildebeest and waterbuck.
Prey varies geographically and seasonally.
Prey usually consist of other arthropods.
Every prey has an equal probability of being attacked, e.g., no age-based selection.
Every prey has an equal probability of being attacked.
Many prey is killed b.
Most prey are ambushed and then drowned or swallowed whole.
Most prey causes damage.
Most prey causes psychological damage.
Most prey comes into contact.
Most prey eats food.
Most prey eats healthy food.
Most prey eats plants.
Most prey has responses.
Most prey includes african giant rats.
Most prey includes earthworms.
Most prey includes frogs.
Most prey includes giant rats.
Most prey includes lizards.
Most prey includes mammals.
Most prey includes midges.
Most prey includes rabbits.
Most prey includes rats.
Most prey includes small mammals.
Most prey is bleed to death.
Most prey is captured by individuals.
Most prey is captured on the ground, but birds also are caught in the air.
Most prey is consumed by predators.
Most prey is killed by animals.
Most prey is killed by carnivores.
Most prey is killed by large carnivores.
Most prey is killed by other animals.
Most prey is taken back to a feeding perch where it is beheaded before it is consumed.
Most prey is taken in flight or from the ground.
Most prey makes up diets.
Most prey needs protection.
Most prey produces offspring.
Most prey provides food.
Some prey approaches surfaces.
Some prey avoids predators.
Some prey becomes predators.
Some prey becomes top predators.
Some prey causes blindness.
Some prey develops resistance.
Some prey eats beetles.
Some prey emerges from burrows.
Some prey has chances.
Some prey has difficulty.
Some prey has little commercial values.
Some prey has values.
Some prey includes amphibians.
Some prey includes birds.
Some prey includes bivalves.
Some prey includes bony fish.
Some prey includes carpet beetle larvae.
Some prey includes caterpillars.
Some prey includes cottontails.
Some prey includes cougars.
Some prey includes crabs.
Some prey includes deer.
Some prey includes fearsome predators.
Some prey includes fish.
Some prey includes fly larvae.
Some prey includes geese.
Some prey includes giraffes.
Some prey includes grasshoppers.
Some prey includes grind squirrels.
Some prey includes insect larvae.
Some prey includes insects.
Some prey includes large insects.
Some prey includes larvae.
Some prey includes magpie geese.
Some prey includes mammal birds.
Some prey includes monkeys.
Some prey includes plankton.
Some prey includes predators.
Some prey includes raccoons.
Some prey includes rodents.
Some prey includes scorpions.
Some prey includes small crabs.
Some prey includes small fish.
Some prey includes small rodents.
Some prey includes sponges.
Some prey includes squids.
Some prey includes squirrels.
Some prey includes tadpoles.
Some prey includes worms.
Some prey ingests toxins.
Some prey is captured by mothers.
Some prey is consumed by barbary macaques.
Some prey is consumed by cougars.
Some prey is consumed by macaques.
Some prey is consumed by north american cougars.
Some prey is located in water.
Some prey kills domestic livestock.
Some prey kills livestock.
Some prey kills snakes.
Some prey lives in Egypt.
Some prey lives in parks.
Some prey lives on plants.
Some prey seeks protection.
Some prey serves as food.
Some prey survives attacks.
Some prey survives lamprey attacks.
Some prey takes places.
Some prey touches mouths.
Some prey uses echolocation.
Prezygotic isolation is estimated from mate-choice tests performed in the laboratory.
A priapism is pathology
Priapism can occur in all age groups, including newborns.
Priapism constitutes a true urologic emergency.
Priapism is a complication of injectable agents, but occurs more frequently when papaverine is used.
Priapism is a condition in which a male develops a permanent erection.
Priapism is a constant state of erection unrelated to sexual desire.
Priapism is a long term for an unwanted erection in a man and it can be very dangerous.
Priapism is a neurological disorder resulting in a permanent erection.
Priapism is a painful sickling that occurs in the penis.
Priapism is a pathological condition in which the penis is persistently erect.
Priapism is a persistent abnormal erection of the penis.
Priapism is a persistent, painful erection.
Priapism is a persistent, painful penile erection.
Priapism is a persistent, unwanted erection of the penis.
Priapism is a prolonged and painful erection that can last from several hours up to a few days .
Priapism is a prolonged and painful erection that can last from several hours up to a few days.
Priapism is an uncomfortable, sometimes painful condition which often requires surgery to relieve.
Priapism is an unpleasant condition whereby the penis remains erect after sexual stimulation ceases.
Priapism is the name for an erection that won'st go away.
Priapism is the technical term for a painful, persistent erection.
Priapism is the word to describe an unwanted, prolonged erection.
Priapism is thought to be a dose related response problem.
Priapism lets the blood into the penis but won t let it out with an orgasm.
Priapism means prolonged erection without sexual desire that can cause damage to the penis.
Priapism occasionally results in permanent impairment of erectile function or impotence.
Priapism occurs in men and is defined as a persistent painful erection without sexual stimulation.
Priapisms are diseases.
Priapisms are erections.
Priapisms are pathology.
Priapism usually results from an injury or a medication.
Price action coupled with money management is key.
Price action indicates a break south.
Price action is horrible.
Price adjustment is done by applying a deflator to constant price estimates.
Price analysis is critical.
Price analysis is required.
Price analysis is sometimes confused with price justification.
Price caps are an attempt to cover-up the failure of deregulation.
Price caps are what contributed to the mess in California.
Price caps do nothing to reduce demand, and they do nothing to increase supply.
Price ceiling reduces the equilibrium quantity.
Price ceilings involve a maximum price that can be charged.
Price ceilings occur when governments set a price above which producers are unable to sell the good.
Price ceilings produce shortages.
Price Ceilings Reset all parameters to their default values.
Price comparison is meaningless.
Price comparison is simple to find for smart consumers.
Price comparison sites all work in a similar way.
Price comparisons are more important.
Price comparisons are quick and efficient due to the eclectic mix of other booksellers and portals.
Price comparisons are sometimes readily available, sometimes free and sometimes for a fee.
Price comparisons can only be accurate and relevant when they consider like materials.
Price competition can be fierce.
Price competition has thus yet to pervade the mutual fund industry.
Price competition is a heavy driver of innovation and technological advance.
Price competition is acute particularly in the service industries.
Price competition is also important.
Price competition is brutal and getting worse every year.
Price competition is competition
Price competition is fierce.
Price competition is foreclosed and the scheme prevents pricing as a variable.
Price competition is significant in the computer software industry.
Price competition is so intense, in fact, that some ISPs offer service for free.
Price competition is the easiest type to match and the most destabilizing.
Price competition is the free market's way.
Price competition is what our national antitrust policy is intended to promote.
Price competition takes over.
Price control is a form of public theft.
Price control is control
Price control is control.
Price control is merely an excuse to coercively dictate the terms of trade between people.
Price control is the nuclear bomb of government intervention.
Price controls accomplish nothing in the long term.
Price controls are contradictory to the principles of a free market.
Price controls are dirty words.
Price controls are limits imposed on the amounts that can be charged for certain goods or services.
Price controls are simply evil-a form of robbery.
Price controls are still prevalent.
Price controls are the cause of many of our current problems.
Price controls causes shortages.
Price controls create shortages and in the end create a system where goods are rationed by lines.
Price controls create shortages.
Price controls destroy wealth because they deter some wealth creating transactions from occuring.
Price controls discourage private investment in innovation.
Price controls do more harm to consumers and the economy than good.
Price Controls eliminate the market penalty for discrimination.
Price controls have a centuries-old track record of causing shortages in countries around the world.
Price controls have an unbroken record of aggravating crises.
Price controls limit the burden of high prices.
Price controls reduce incentives for research and development and are difficult to administer.
Price controls reduce revenues and discourage investment.
Price controls swap lower prices for sales revenue.
Price controls tend to become a vehicle for health care rationing.
Price controls wipe out surpluses and make shortages worse.
Price County is considered one of the premier snowmobile areas in Wisconsin.
Price County is still a predominately forest county.
Price differential is determined by house or condo location and views.
Price differentials are far higher for drugs than for other consumer items.
Price differentials are far higher for drugs than they are for other goods.
Price differentials relate more to brand and service commitments than to system features.
Any price differentials are the result of the weak yen.
Price discovery begins with the market price level.
Price discovery focuses on the price at which individual transactions occur.
Price discovery is an important component of our free market system.
Price discrimination can completely eliminate all allocative inefficiency from monopoly.
Price discrimination gives more of the gains from trade to the producer.
Price discrimination is especially good for the seller, but also can benefit society as a whole.
Price discrimination is feasible only under some conditions.
Price discrimination is found to increase as the markets become more competitive.
Price discrimination is nothing new.
Price discrimination is practiced by firms in many industries.
Price discrimination makes the airline wealthier, but it also does a service for society.
Price discrimination occurs in all sorts of regulated markets.
Price drops are inevitable.
Price elasticity is a good estimate for modified duration.
Price elasticity is a measure of the responsiveness of quantity demanded or supplied to price.
Price elasticity is one of the major working tools of economists.
Price elasticity is probably equal to one.
Price elasticity is probably positive.
Price elasticity is related to marginal revenue , and to total revenue.
Price elasticity is the impact of price changes on sales volume.
Price elasticity is the measure of how demand stretches with regard to a price change.
Price elasticity measures the responsiveness of demand to price changes.
Price fixing are control.
Price fixing goes on every day in our free market economy.
Price fixing is a major problem in corporate agriculture.
Price fixing is a nonissue here.
Price fixing is a way to pick consumers' pockets.
Price fixing is among the most serious offences under many antitrust laws.
Price fixing is colusion with another retailer to set a minimum price in an area.
Price fixing is forbidden if businesses engage in explicit agreements to do so.
Price fixing is illegal at any level of an organization.
Price fixing is illegal under both federal and state antitrust laws.
Price fixing is illegal, whether at the wholesale or retail sales level or even among buyers.
Price fixing is price fixing.
A price floor is a floor
Price floors are legislatively imposed minimum prices.
Price floors involve a minimum price that can be charged.
Price fluctuations are common as speculators jump in and out of the market activity.
Price fluctuations can be a blessing and a curse.
Price fluctuations steal the headlines in the short-term.
Price guide is below .
Price guide is extenvie, detailed, and divided by topics and place of origin.
Price guide is included.
Price Guides are a quick and easy way to find a value for thousands of popular collectibles.
Price Guides are another good way to check out the value of either an item or an entire collection.
Price guides are documents.
Price guides are self serving but give the collector a relative idea of a cigar label's worth.
Price guides are usually high and consequently, they create unrealistic expectations.
Price guides can also help establish the value of a book.
Price guides can be a helpful reference.
Price guides can be a helpful, but it's important to understand exactly how they work.
Price guides can be helpful.
Price guides cause trouble.
Price guides dealing with speciality topic areas are almost are rare as the books they help value.
Price guides exist on antique rings of a generic nature and are quite popular.
Price guides vary so much from one to the other there is no standard- ized system.
All price guides are historical in nature.
Price improvement is extremely important to people who frequently trade large blocks of stocks.
A price index is an indicator
Price index is used to convert to base-year dollars.
Price indexes provide some insight into longer-term alfalfa hay price patterns.
Price indexs are indexs.
Price indices do a good job accounting for changes in the quality of goods.
Price indices measure the inflation rate.
Price inflation continues to slow.
Price inflation is effectively a tax on the holders of debt and thus reduces the real deficit.
Price inflation is high.
Price inflation remains limited.
Price Lake has excellent fishing.
Price leadership implies that one firm in the industry sets prices and the other move in unison.
A price level is an indicator
Price level compares more or less to what is found in France.
Price level falls and real GDP rises.
Price level falls, output increases.
Price level falls, output stays the same.
Price level is set by initial purchase.
Price level refers to the average of all prices in the economy and is measured by a price index.
Price level rises and real GDP falls.
Price level rises, output falls.
Price level rises, output stays the same.
Price levels are a two-sided story.
Price levels are color coded to help the client track price movements in the stock.
Price levels vary by grade, but the price differential between grades is generally constant.
Price limits are a package.
Price limits are effective only for limit moves below the previous day's close.
Price limits set stage for future .
Price Line is a web site that allows travelers to name their destination and ticket price.
Price manipulation is forbidden.
Prices of rice are generally stable.
Prices of rice remain stable but are high.
Price point is a serious factor.
Price point is everything.
Price point makes it a true bargain in an overpriced arena.
Price Point reserves the right to change prices without notice.
Price points become lower, while efficiencies remain high.
Price points depend on quantity ordered.
Price points present another big problem.
Price points prevent conglomerate manufacturers from investing in high grade ingredients.
Price points vary on white tee's.
Price points vary, but all of the pieces in the store are defenitely one of a kind.
Price policies affect the concealment and revelation of content.
Price protection is available only when provided by the manufacturer.
Price protection is included with some annual contracts.
Price reform is particularly attractive on economic grounds.
Price regulation discourages new entrants.
Price regulation is a classic example.
Price regulation is gone, too.
Price regulation tends to correlate with distortions of property ownership.
Price risk is greater than basis risk.
Price risk is of special concern to farmers who are highly leveraged financially.
Price risk is passed on to the ratepayers.
Price risk is the primary threat in the short-run for investors.
Price sensitivity goes up and customer loyalty typically declines.
Price sensitivity is also a big issue among home schoolers.
Price sensitivity is higher with self-medication products where the consumer pays the entire bill.
Price shocks are violent gaps and shakeouts that come out of nowhere.
Price signals are necessary in retail as well as wholesale markets.
Price signals are powerful means for altering behavior.
Price signals generated by market transactions ensure that resources are allocated efficiently.
Price signals send critical information to all users of the electricity system.
Price skimming is a common way of recapturing the cost of development.
Price stability allows for faster economic growth and higher living standards.
Price stability is a crucial precondition for sustained growth in economic activity and employment.
Price stability is a fundamental condition to maintain steady growth.
Price stability is currently a central focus of U.S. monetary policy.
Price stability is currently just one goal on a longer list of objectives.
Price stability is important to avoid the threat of substitution by other materials.
Price stability is maintained through low budget deficits and limits on credit.
Price stability is measured by the annual percentage change in the price index.
Price stability is still the best way to describe price behaviour in Croatia.
Price stability is the absolutely essential means to produce sustained economic growth.
Price stability is to be maintained over the medium term.
Price stability is today an objective of common concern.
Price stability is when prices fluctuate within some socially acceptable range or narrow band.
Price stability protects the value of people's incomes and savings, and encourages investment.
Price stability remains a viable policy goal.
Price stability remains the primary goal of monetary policy.
Price support is offered to encourage the use of mullet.
Price support is subsidy
Price support is subsidy.
Price support seems to have a role in helping after-market liquidity.
Price supports are the base for all other provisions.
Price supports increase the revenues of farmers because they sell more milk at a higher price.
Price supports mean that consumers spend more for milk.
Price supports shift the costs from taxpayers to consumers.
A price tag is a tag
Price tag is heavier than the car.
Price tag keeps it geared toward pro's.
Price tags are all over the map, rising to several hundred dollars for a one-year subscription.
Price tags are easily misread, and value is best conveyed through experience.
Price tags are price guides.
Price tags are singles.
Price tags are tags.
Price tags reflect the individual differences and needs of employees.
Price tags vary from pennies to hundreds of dollars, and merchandise changes daily.
Every price tag is as high as they can dream.
Some price tags exact our time.
Price taking is synonymous with competition.
Price theory is used to explain what economists mean by efficiency and how it is assessed.
Price trends complete the picture.
Price variances are due to the paper quality, popularity and artist royalties.
Price war has some PC makers fighting for survival Big rebates.
Price war is competition
Price war is competition.
Price wars are also common in oligopolies.
Price wars are clearly harmful to brokers.
Price wars are even a problem when .
Price wars are game theory.
Price wars are intense in the PC market, so enterprises can negotiate better deals than ever before.
Price wars are nothing new.
Price wars are soooo unGENtlemanly.
Price wars exist in all forms in insurance.
Price wars undermine the tendency of the system to efficiently self-organize itself.
A price is a value
Price above includes labor .
Price actually has the easiest assignment.
Price actually has two faces.
Price affects sales significantly and sales affects price weakly.
Price alone can be a false economy.
Price alone forms no basis whatever for an estimate of the economic importance of the goods.
Price alone is very volatile, moving up and down, sometimes very quickly.
Price already includes breakfast and tax.
Price also advertises at local home and garden shows.
Price also can have an impact, especially on younger teens.
Price also controls suppliers' willingness and ability to bring products to the marketplace.
Price also depends on the local merchants.
Price also has a strong background in the simplification and automation of financial operations.
Price also has professional credits as a short story and screenwriter.
Price also includes a smorgasbord lunch.
Price also includes an adjacent block featuring a number of established trees.
Price also includes an update guide.
Price also includes any qualifying instant rebates.
Price also includes cart fees .
Price also includes cart fees.
Price also includes comfortable living quarters.
Price also includes complete set of design drawings.
Price also includes crackers, frill picks, and napkins.
Price also includes free transportation to and from saladan pier.
Price also includes gasket set.
Price also includes HTML tables, frames, and image maps.
Price also includes one e-mail mail box.
Price also includes one free coordinating button per additional page purchased.
Price also includes one free coordinating button per each additional page purchased.
Price also includes round trip air transfers from Belize City to the resort, taxes and gratuities.
Price also includes secure server for credit card encryption and free technical support.
Price also includes shipping.
Price also includes some furnishings.
Price also includes strawberry yogurt dip, frill picks, and napkins.
Price also includes swimming pool and hot showers.
Price also includes tape back or holes.
Price also includes unlimited access to the entire museum.
Price also includes water well.
Price also is an issue.
Price also is involved in research that examines the possible institution of a national sales tax.
Price also matters.
Price also plans to work on the process in which student fees are assessed.
Price also plays a critical role in housing selection.
Price also ranks third in school history for career assists in softball.
Price also rises when larger and more expensive harvesting machines are used.
Price also stresses that a good landlord-tenant relationship is important.
Price appears high.
Price appears to be much more important to large firms than small firms.
Price applies only at the time of purchase of the package.
Price applies only to orders in the continental United States.
Price applies to continental USA orders only - other countries shipped at cost.
Price approaches that of an ultralight notebook.
Price are applicable in Rs.
Price are available upon spec or request.
Price are cheaper.
Price are down and consumers are happy.
Price are for the most direct, least expensive routing.
Price are free of tax and include shipping and handling.
Price are going up, so people buy.
Price are moderate.
Price are one of Sussex County's other attractions.
Price are per person based on double occupancy.
Price are per person per night full board basis.
Price are per week .
Price are subject to change without notice .
Price are subject to change without notice.
Price are subject to change without prior notice.
Price are subject to change.
Price are subject to variation without notice.
Price are the two main arenas for negotiations.
Price are very good also.
Price attests to condition of boat.
Price becomes a big issue.
Price becomes a bit of an issue too.
Price becomes a distraction.
Price becomes a factor as chelated minerals are expensive.
Price becomes important.
Price becomes king, again.
Price becomes less of an issue.
Price begins by claiming that there are conflicting intuitions in contemporary physics.
Price begins with the mystery of the arrow of time.
Price believes reading achievement creates a foundation for academic success.
Price believes the curfew solves more problems than programs can.
Price below includes shipping.
Price burn until a fire although ridden African irises.
Price burn until a fire although ridden Books.
Price burn until a fire although ridden Greek theater los angeles.
Price burn until a fire although ridden Long distance telephone.
Price burn until a fire although ridden Personal electronics.
Price burn until a fire although ridden Rs means.
Price burn until a fire although ridden Shopping.
Price buys into that theory.
Price can also be a factor.
Price can be a deciding factor.
Price can be a deterrent.
Price can be a factor for the knife buyer.
Price can be a merchandising device when financing is used as a sales tool.
Price can be an indication that an oil is synthetically reproduced or extended.
Price can be both the means and the end.
Price can be lower for e-books.
Price can be one of the most effective marketing tools available to a company.
Price can be paramount.
Price can bring in a transaction.
Price can motivate storage activity, but storage activity also influences price.
Price can no longer be a stumbling block to acquiring a pair of authentic frames.
Price can often discourage the use of photovoltaic technology for public and private use.
Price can play a powerful role in the development of substitutes.
Price can range from free to several thousand dollars.
Price can vary depending on software and other non-gaming related components added to the sytem.
Price can vary depending on the time of day, and the day of the week.
Price can vary depending on the tutor, the location, and several other factors.
Price can vary widely.
Price can, and sometimes is, a form of upgrading.
Price Canned food and packaged food varies enormously in price.
Price carries well past downside target after target.
Price certainly matters but results are always more important.
Price changes more than the specified percentage from previous close.
Price charged is in excess to display price.
Price charged is per domain requring aliasing services.
Price charged is transfer price.
Price claims that soul food is a growing business in Dallas.
Price clearly matters.
Price compare cars online.
Price compare with other items in the Socket Sets section of our online catalog .
Price compare with other items in the Soldering section of our online catalog .
Price compare with other items in the Vac pumps section of our online catalog .
Price completely dismisses fusion.
Price continues to be a factor in the decision as some of the new programs can be quite expensive.
Price continues to be the cornerstone in the lives of former residents throughout the country.
Price covers admission to all galleries and docent-led tours of exhibitions.
Price covers manufacturing costs.
Price covers one insertion.
Price covers production costs, etc.
Price covers service calls and labor for one year.
Price creates good suspense with the murders.
Price currently lives in Liverpool.
Price depends heavily on volume purchased.
Price depends of customer's requests.
Price depends of method of payment.
Price depends on a couple of factors.
Price depends on accommodation and includes meals, entertainment and port charges.
Price depends on acreage needed.
Price depends on age of book and supply available.
Price depends on amount of materials and time.
Price depends on arrangements.
Price depends on capacity and speed of unit.
Price depends on choice of lodging.
Price depends on clarity and richness of color.
Price depends on color and quantity.
Price depends on color.
Price depends on condition and location of car.
Price depends on condition.
Price depends on configuration options and application workloads.
Price depends on configuration.
Price depends on custom work involved.
Price depends on database used.
Price depends on date and boat.
Price depends on dates.
Price depends on defficulty.
Price depends on difficulty.
Price depends on distance to be hauled and market conditions.
Price depends on domain name area.
Price depends on domain name status.
Price depends on engraving coverage.
Price depends on extent of changes and quantity.
Price depends on frequency of use.
Price depends on gemstone choice.
Price depends on group size.
Price depends on how many and what vaccinations are needed.
Price depends on how many students and length of class.
Price depends on hypericin content, confirmed by analysis of a sample.
Price depends on image and resolution.
Price depends on kind of the cars.
Price depends on location.
Price depends on mix of genres, complexity and number of original cuts.
Price depends on number of hunters.
Price depends on number of mice per group and other options.
Price depends on number of people taking tour.
Price depends on number of product pages and special features involved.
Price depends on popularity of category.
Price depends on quality of workmanship and age.
Price depends on quantities and customization.
Price depends on quantities.
Price depends on quantity ordered.
Price depends on quantity.
Price depends on quilt size and number of blocks.
Price depends on screen size.
Price depends on season.
Price depends on selection.
Price depends on service level and message volume.
Price depends on service provider.
Price depends on size and complexity.
Price depends on size and intricacy of carving.
Price depends on size and length of stay and number of people in each unit.
Price depends on size and number of pieces to the project.
Price depends on size and thickness.
Price depends on size and tract.
Price depends on size and type of fur used.
Price depends on size number of pieces, and design complexity.
Price depends on size of equipment and options.
Price depends on size of list.
Price depends on size of the cage.
Price depends on size, color and shape.
Price depends on specific destination.
Price depends on supply.
Price depends on the amount of time spent designing the site.
Price depends on the calculator.
Price depends on the color, size, condition and rarity of the bottle.
Price depends on the complexity of the solution desired.
Price depends on the difficulty.
Price depends on the fabric cost and the amount of detail.
Price depends on the fabric.
Price depends on the individual needs of each bride.
Price depends on the level of support required.
Price depends on the location of the airstrip and the length of the tour.
Price depends on the number of directories in the field and is offered on a fixed-cost annual rate.
Price depends on the number of guests, duration of stay and the season.
Price Depends on the number of modules bought.
Price depends on the number of volumes unlocked.
Price depends on the number of zones crossed.
Price depends on the popularity of each individual item.
Price depends on the present rate.
Price depends on the project.
Price depends on the size and the number of gadgets.
Price depends on the size of the groups.
Price depends on the size, number of colours used, plastification, weight and texture of the paper.
Price depends on the size.
Price depends on the sophistication of the kitchen.
Price depends on the stone's quality and size.
Price depends on the total number of doors monitored.
Price depends on the work required.
Price depends on time and miles driven.
Price depends on type and condition.
Price depends on type of list, and number of subscribers Click here for details.
Price depends on usage.
Price depends on veil style, size and whether the spray is fresh or silk.
Price depends on what is required.
Price depends on whether picked up in the field or delivered.
Price depends on yields.
Price depends stitching style.
Price depends upon customer configuration.
Price depends upon location and cleanliness of material.
Price depends upon seasons.
Price depends upon selection of hotel.
Price depends upon size and level of detail.
Price depends upon size as well as quality.
Price depends upon size range.
Price depends upon specific model and quantity.
Price depends upon the height of the student.
Price depends upon travel, accommodation, and ticket expenses.
Price deserve a truthful and honourable resolve to the mystery of their disappearances.
Price develop a fine educational program that helped students reach their highest potential.
Price dies five years later.
Price directly reflects speed.
Price Displays the price per share for the transaction.
Price does have a place also.
Price does include shipping to the lower United States.
Price does just that.
Price does matter a little.
Price does move the merchandise.
Price does the same thing with mouths.
Price drops continuously.
Price drops over time for items such as antiques, travel packages, jewelry, toys and more.
Price drops to adjust.
Price drops to three cents per barrel, ending Pennsylvania s monopoly.
Price drops with quantity orders.
Price elaborates a bit.
Price employs a vast array of research resources that can yield instant results.
Price enjoys working in a hospital in a small town and lives in a smaller town.
Price Enter any additional information in the space provided below.
Price Enter the price of the product here.
Price equals convenience.
Price escape unto none suggestions but maintains inline skating.
Price estimates that the city is only able to maintain about one-tenth of the city's trees per year.
Price even finds redemption in visions of industrial blight.
Price exceeds average total cost at all output levels.
Price exceeds marginal cost in both models.
Price excludes electrical appliances.
Price excludes international flights.
Price excludes tax and service charges.
Price explores the cultural presuppositions underlying the concept of primitive art.
Price fails and selling spirals downward through wave after wave.
Price falls back and turns sideways into a tight consolidation zone.
Price Fill out one form for each receipt.
Price fixing - sellers agree to establish minimum or maximum prices.
Price fixing agreements for goods or services are illegal.
Price fixing between competitors is an example of violating fair competition.
Price focuses on packing apples and pears.
Price follows as features increase, but the variance is small.
Price follows each title.
Price generally varies accordingly.
Price gets today's neurocentric view right on two counts.
Price given below is for wheel centers ordered separately.
Price given is approximate for guidence.
Price given is for just the loco and tender.
Price gives a nice synopsis of the developmental history of computer interfaces.
Price goes far beyond hardware, however.
Price goes up for standard new style charger and amplified charger.
Price goes up for the last few seats on a flight.
Price goes up soon.
Price goes up with size and down with age.
Price goes up without regard to supply and demand, affordability or endowment fund-raising.
Price grows more slowly than without the tax.
Price has a disarming laugh and gray hair.
Price has a great news sense and fresh ideas, people say.
Price has a hospital.
Price has a new recording project.
Price has a very low crime rate, making it a very safe place to attend school.
Price has all visitor services including a bike shop.
Price has excellent quickness and excellent hands.
Price has good hands and an outstanding arm.
Price has great confidence in the value of Trips for Kids rides.
Price has limited relevance in the diversely segmented Indian marketplace.
Price has memory.
Price has no bearing on UV light protection.
Price has no meaning without a measure of the quality being purchased.
Price has no meaning without an integral consideration for quality.
Price has nothing to do with it.
Price has other priorities now.
Price has other responsibilities.
Price has pretty much everything to do with it.
Price has several other tasks.
Price has some momentum heading into Sun City.
Price has some of the most unique vocal chords in cinema history.
Price has the most impact on customers in the construction industry.
Price has to recruit in groups.
Price has yet to be determined.
Price helps customers form a particular impression of a product or a marketer.
Price hits the predefined ET of the position trader.
Price hopes to be open for business next spring.
Price immediately comes to mind.
Price implies a divine logic.
Price improve an order.
Price improves performance Always include the price of the item in the ad.
Price includes a basic HTML site with standards graphics, logos, and design.
Price includes a basketball, camp jersey and all instruction and activities.
Price includes a book.
Price includes a boxed lunch but is exclusive of lodging.
Price includes a brass engraved plate.
Price includes a breakfast casually served each morning in the sun room.
Price includes a buffet lunch, coffee and tea.
Price includes a camp shirt.
Price includes a complete interior renovation currently in progress.
Price includes a complimentary European-style breakfast in the main lodge.
Price includes a complimentary sample.
Price includes a continental breakfast and a box lunch.
Price includes a course book.
Price includes a deluxe hardshell case.
Price includes a dinner salad.
Price includes a facial and massage.
Price includes a fine non-Indian chain.
Price includes a four color print.
Price includes a free hot-link to the advertiser's web site.
Price includes a free one-color silkscreen setup and application.
Price includes a free racquet and t-shirt.
Price includes a free slice of pizza.
Price includes a free two-hour hire session following completion of the course.
Price includes a full breakfast in the dining room.
Price includes a full breakfast served each morning in our elegant dining room.
Price includes a full breakfast.
Price includes a full candlelight breakfast served in the dining room.
Price includes a full English breakfast.
Price includes a green fees and a barbecue lunch.
Price includes a grilled lunch.
Price includes a journaling workbook.
Price includes a light snack such as coffee, pop and pie.
Price includes a logo and either an embroidered personal name or printed number.
Price includes a long list of items.
Price includes a long sleeve t-shirt.
Price includes a master list of all participants and a complementary glass of wine.
Price includes a matching set of earrings.
Price includes a mouthpiece of brass.
Price includes a near new tractor.
Price includes a new hardshell case.
Price includes a one color custom imprint.
Price includes a one color imprint on one side.
Price includes a one color imprint on wrapper.
Price includes a one color, one location imprint.
Price includes a one color, one position imprint.
Price includes a one colour imprint.
Price includes a one-color decal on one side of the mug.
Price includes a one-color imprint on the barrel.
Price includes a one-color imprint.
Price includes a one-color, one location imprint.
Price includes a one-inch gray painted frame.
Price includes a plastic stand.
Price includes a private beachfront villa, all meals and all beverages.
Price includes a producer and musicians.
Price includes a protective hard plastic case.
Price includes a ranch breakfast.
Price includes a return ferry ctossing.
Price includes a second three bedroom house on the same plot.
Price includes a seedling or sapling per child.
Price includes a self-guided audio tour.
Price includes a serving utensil, plastic plates and forks, napkins, tax, and gratuity.
Price includes a set of resume books.
Price includes a silk screened imprint in one color on one side of the crayon box.
Price includes a single initial.
Price includes a small prize for completing the entire week.
Price includes a soft storage pouch and neck chain.
Price includes a stock card imprinted in Black on one side.
Price includes a thick rope cincture.
Price includes a triple cloth bag, fingering chart, and thumb rest.
Price includes a T-shirt, water bottle plus various soccer gifts.
Price includes a T-shirt.
Price includes a two-hour private lesson with an extra hour of lift service for solo practice.
Price includes a vendor pass and electricity.
Price includes a year's supply of refill pads.
Price includes a zippered terry cloth cover.
Price includes access to all facilities and equipment.
Price includes access to all waters, use of cabin facilities, and orientation.
Price includes accommodation and food, taxes and workshop fee.
Price includes accommodation, breakfast and dinner,plus entertainment.
Price includes accommodation, breakfast, lunch and all diving.
Price includes accommodations , all transfers by car, air and train in Peru.
Price includes accommodations and three meals daily.
Price includes accomodation, breakfast for most days and car rental.
Price includes activating existing jack outlets at both ends, if necessary. . . .
Price includes ad creation.
Price includes ad development.
Price includes additional copy of disk.
Price includes admission and a picnic lunch.
Price includes admission to the aquarium.
Price includes admission to The Festival of Lights.
Price includes admission to the museum.
Price includes admission, drinks, meals, rides, etc.
Price includes admission, two drinks, gratuities and transportation to and from the ship.
Price includes admissions and lunch.
Price includes advance purchase discoount.
Price includes advance purchase discount port charges, taxes and air add-ons are additional.
Price includes advance purchase discount.
Price includes advance purchased discount.
Price includes agency fee.
Price includes air from Boston to Nice and Nice to Boston.
Price includes air from Providence or Boston.
Price includes air from Providence.
Price includes air from usa, tuition, lodging, breakfasts and ground transportation.
Price includes air from USA, tuition, lodging, breakfasts and ground transportation.
Price includes air mail delivery.
Price includes air postage.
Price includes air, hotel, transfer and taxes.
Price includes airfare departing from Fresno, California.
Price includes airfare from Portland, Oregon, hotel transfers and departure tax.
Price includes airfare from USA, tuition, lodging, breakfast and ground transportation.
Price includes airfare from USA, tuition, lodging, breakfasts and ground transportation.
Price includes airfare from USA, tuition, lodging, breakfasts, and ground transportation.
Price includes airfare from Vancouver and tourist class hotel.
Price includes airfare to Singapore, airfare from Sydney to Adelaide, all meals and entertainment.
Price includes airfare, hotel, tour, tax, no meals.
Price includes airfare, lodging, all meals, and field trips with expert local guides.
Price includes airfare, lodging, breakfast and transportation within Belgium.
Price includes airfare.
Price includes airmail postage.
Price includes airmail printed paper matter postage outside Europe.
Price includes all accommodations and meals.
Price includes all accommodations, transportation,boat cruises, lunches, misc.
Price includes all activities and buffet luncheon.
Price includes all activities, snacks and lunch.
Price includes all admission, fees, and taxes.
Price includes all admissions and fees.
Price includes all admissions, fees, and taxes.
Price includes all aircraft costs and guide pilots.
Price Includes All airport transfers in Kathmandu.
Price includes all appliances and furniture.
Price includes all appliances.
Price includes all applicable sales taxes, shipping and handling for domestic USA orders .
Price includes all applicable taxes plus future upgrades.
Price includes all applicable taxes.
Price includes all bills and facilities.
Price includes all camping and kayak gear and all meals.
Price includes all chargeable expenses.
Price includes all charges, complimentary wine and continental breakfast.
Price includes all components with type-set and printing additional.
Price includes all contents, lamps, curtains, furniture, rugs, and garden tools.
Price includes all costs, including prescription and postage to any country.
Price includes all customers, truck, all office and cleaning equipment.
Price includes all day ride and a feast on a hambergar fry either at noon or in the evening.
Price includes all daytime meals, four dinners ashore, and optional excursions.
Price includes all equipment and inventory.
Price includes all equipment and real estate.
Price includes all equipment and transportation to and from the river.
Price includes all equipment to operate.
Price includes all equipment, stock on hand, etc.
Price includes all equipment, tackle, bait and ice.
Price includes all equipment, transport and recognition card.
Price includes all equipment.
Price includes all fees, materials, published meal times, and an invitation to the banquet.
Price includes all ferry and camping fees.
Price includes all fingerprint reader and client server software.
Price includes all food, accommodation, transport and activities while on the tour.
Price includes all food, chafing dishes, serving utensils.
Price includes all food, coffee, soft drinks, wine, beer, dessert, tax and tip.
Price includes all food, Mexican permits, tax.
Price includes all furnishings.
Price includes all furniture and appliances.
Price includes all gated irrigation pipe, pumps, and valves.
Price includes all gear, textbook, log book, dive tables, pool, boat, instructor and refreshments.
Price includes all gratuities.
Price includes all ground transportation and admission fees to attractions on itinerary in Jamaica.
Price includes all heating costs etc.
Price includes all instruction, equipment, lunch and some fantastic memories.
Price includes all instruction, handouts, materials, one meal per day and camping space.
Price includes all instruction, tanks, and wetsuits, and two certification dives.
Price includes all instructional costs, materials and refreshments.
Price includes all internal flights.
Price includes all inventory and fixtures necessary to operate the business.
Price includes all lunches.
Price includes all material.
Price includes all materials and instruction.
Price includes all materials and lab fees.
Price includes all materials and traditional French snacks.
Price includes all materials, classroom training, and two open water dives.
Price includes all materials, hat, T-shirt, field trip and awards ceremony.
Price includes all materials.
Price includes all meals and kayak use.
Price includes all meals and often house wines and open bar.
Price includes all meals and trips.
Price includes all meals, accommodation and equipment.
Price includes all meals, accommodations and excursions.
Price includes all meals, lodging and activities.
Price includes all meals.
Price includes all mineral rights seller owns.
Price includes all music, programming and professional audio equipment.
Price includes all naming committee charges, hosting of a domain and a virtual web server.
Price includes all necessary equipment, dive site transport and certification.
Price includes all necessary equipment.
Price includes all necessary sea and tunnel crossings.
Price includes all paper goods, food preparation and serving utensils.
Price includes all parts as listed.
Price includes all port charges and taxes.
Price includes all port charges.
Price includes all prevailing taxes.
Price includes all rebates.
Price includes all safety gear, BBQ, plastic plates, cups, silverware, towels and cleaning supplies.
Price includes all services mentioned above except e-mail mail box and the business card offer.
Price includes all setup fees, FREE domain parking and FREE domain forwarding.
Price includes all shipping and handling charges.
Price includes all shipping costs.
Price includes all shore excursions.
Price includes all shows.
Price includes all standard designs, screens, shipping and handling.
Price includes all supplies.
Price includes all surface freight charges.
Price includes all taxes and fees.
Price includes all taxes and hotel gratuity.
Price includes all taxes, gratuities and resort fee.
Price includes all taxes, handling and postage.
Price includes all taxes.
Price includes all third party fees.
Price includes all training materials and dives.
Price includes all transportation, double accommodations in hotels, all breakfasts and five dinners.
Price includes all transportation, lodging, most meals, gratuities, site admission fees, etc.
Price includes all tuition, training, lifesaving equipment and exam fees.
Price includes all utilities, firewood and plowing.
Price includes all utilities.
Price includes all window and door treatments and appliances.
Price includes all workshop material, morning tea and lunch.
Price includes all-day lesson, lift ticket, lunch and rentals.
Price includes all-day lesson, lift ticket, yummy kids lunch and rentals.
Price includes allowances.
Price includes an album.
Price includes an all area lift ticket and any level lesson.
Price includes an attendant.
Price includes an attractive namebadge.
Price includes an audio cassette tape sent after the program.
Price includes an audio engineer.
Price includes an eight page t eacher resource guide.
Price includes an excellent padded carrying case.
Price includes an hors d'oeuvres reception, full dinner, tax, gratuity, parking and the show.
Price includes an internal flight, accommodation, all breakfasts and most other meals.
Price includes an older home and numerous outbuildings.
Price includes an on-site operator throughout the day.
Price includes annual membership directory.
Price includes antique furnishings.
Price includes any number of colors and safety pin back.
Price includes any reduction necessary.
Price includes any shipping and handling for orders delivered within the United States.
Price includes appetizers and assorted platters, punch, and coffee.
Price includes appliances, furnishings, linens, pillows, dishes, cutlery, furniture, beds, etc.
Price includes applicable sales tax.
Price includes applicable tax, shipping and handling.
Price includes approved house plans.
Price includes archival mat.
Price includes associated equipment.
Price includes audio tape tour.
Price includes back-hoe, gravel truck and bulldozer.
Price includes bait, tackle, a box lunch and a half case of beer and soda.
Price includes ball bearings.
Price includes balls and sticks.
Price includes barbecued lunch on the river.
Price includes basic materials.
Price includes bayonet and gun.
Price includes BBQs, charcoal, and setting up food tables.
Price includes bed linen and blankets.
Price includes bed linen and breakfast.
Price includes bed linen, towels and electricity.
Price includes beef and seafood treat with all the trimmings.
Price includes beverages and sports shirts for all players.
Price includes beverages.
Price includes bike hire.
Price includes bike rental, helmet, tour and lunch.
Price includes black face plate.
Price includes boat and guide.
Price Includes boat and guide.
Price includes boat fare, accommodations, food and air.
Price includes boat shuttle to the lodge.
Price includes boat slip with new lift.
Price includes boat, decoys, coffee and muffins.
Price includes boat, guide, tackle and bait.
Price includes boat, motor, guide, box lunch, and sodas.
Price includes boat, trailer,sails,two mast, and other misc items.
Price includes book and all day training seminar.
Price includes book and practice materials.
Price includes book.
Price includes both breakfast and dinner.
Price includes both earrings.
Price includes both events.
Price includes both frame and background.
Price includes both halves.
Price includes both legs.
Price includes both nights accommodation.
Price includes both posters in a tybe and postage.
Price includes both print and online editions.
Price includes both products.
Price includes both sleeves.
Price includes both the handle and loop.
Price includes box and attractive cover with the above text on back.
Price includes box lunch, deluxe motor coach transportation, admission to the park and gratuities.
Price includes box lunch.
Price includes brass engraved plate.
Price includes breakfast and dinner at the award winning dining room.
Price includes breakfast and dinner for both days.
Price includes breakfast and dinner in the award winning dining room.
Price includes breakfast and evening tea.
Price includes breakfast and lunch for both days.
Price includes breakfast and lunch.
Price includes breakfast for two in main house if space permits or in cottage.
Price includes breakfast with a range of options and a variety of homemade breads.
Price includes breakfast, free parking, and a kitchenette in each room.
Price includes breakfast, lunch, and dinner served cafeteria style.
Price includes breakfast, pool, shuttles to the old city.
Price includes breakfast.
Price includes brunch, lecture, and bus.
Price includes buffet and trip.
Price includes buffet and whale watch.
Price includes buffet breakfast in smart lounge.
Price includes buffet breakfast.
Price includes buffet lunch, materials and course booklet.
Price includes buffet stations, premium bar, decorations, and music.
Price includes buffet.
Price includes building admission.
Price includes Building and land.
Price includes building, business and all equipment.
Price includes building,land and fixtures.
Price includes burgers and hot dogs as well as sides such as potato salad and coleslaw.
Price includes bus transportation to and from the boat, all bait and tackle supplied.
Price includes bus transportation, lift tickets, group lessons according to ability and free skiing.
Price includes bus transportation, train ride and box lunch.
Price includes bus, admission and snack.
Price includes bus, lunch and the best seats available.
Price includes bus, meal, taxes, etc.
Price includes business, real estate, fixtures and equipment.
Price includes butter, plates, and napkins.
Price includes camping fees and firewood .
Price includes camping, entertainment, field events and contests.
Price includes can.
Price includes candle and stand.
Price includes capital fee, computer fee, and student activity fee.
Price includes car hire and flights.
Price includes cards and envelopes with type-set and printing additional.
Price includes carpets, blinds, light fittings and some kitchen appliances.
Price includes carrying case and manual.
Price includes carrying case complete with test leads, connectors, and instruction manual.
Price includes cart fees .
Price includes cart fees.
Price includes cart in all cases.
Price includes cart rental.
Price includes cart, food and fresh air.
Price includes cart, greens fees, hot Italian buffet, raffle tickets and gift bag.
Price includes cart.
Price includes cas.
Price includes case .
Price includes case and strap.
Price includes case and straps.
Price includes case.
Price includes cassette.
Price includes catered barbecue dinner.
Price includes CD-R media.
Price includes CD-ROM and printed manual.
Price includes center round diamond.
Price includes central heating, electricity and linen.
Price includes chain.
Price includes chains.
Price includes choice of dinner, tax and gratuity.
Price includes class necessities.
Price includes class, kayak, basic equipment, and refreshments.
Price includes clay.
Price includes cleaning fee if booking for three nights or more.
Price includes clear case, face and spine laser labels, and assembly.
Price includes club membership during the length of the course.
Price includes coach bus transportation, day pass admission ticket and breakfast snack on the bus.
Price includes coach tour, refreshments and buffet lunch.
Price includes coffee, iced tea and lemonade.
Price includes collating and stapling.
Price includes commemorative glass, five tastings.
Price includes commemorative wine glass and food and wine tastings at all seven wineries.
Price includes company name, address, telephone and fax numbers.
Price includes complete design services.
Price includes complete dinner.
Price includes complete disassembly, cleaning, polish, new finish and reassembly.
Price includes complete documentation.
Price includes complete set of lecture notes.
Price includes complete user manual and technical documentation.
Price includes comprehensive lecture notes of that workshop.
Price includes computer engraved brass plate.
Price includes connector and oil pressure lead.
Price includes consultation with physician and dietician.
Price includes continental breakfast and an early evening snack and soft drink.
Price includes continental breakfast and break refreshments.
Price includes continental breakfast and break.
Price includes Continental breakfast and daily maid service.
Price includes continental breakfast and full Mexican bar.
Price includes continental breakfast buffet.
Price includes continental breakfast each morning.
Price includes continental breakfast.
Price includes copy, mail or pickup at any desk requested.
Price includes copying rights.
Price includes cost of insurance and tuition.
Price includes cost of item, printing, scanning and design.
Price includes cost of material, cost of labour and profit or loss on sale.
Price includes costs of container, gel packs and freight .
Price includes courier delivery within Australia.
Price includes course and park admission.
Price includes course notebook, classroom and hands-on training.
Price includes course registration fee.
Price includes course workbook.
Price includes cover.
Price includes crating and shipping charge.
Price includes crating and shipping charges.
Price includes crating and shipping.
Price includes cream cheese, butter, plates, and napkins.
Price includes crescent pillow and custom round hole with flange to keep pillow in place.
Price includes cropping and editing the image to maintain quality on the web page.
Price includes cruise accommodations, meals, activities and entertainment while on board ship.
Price includes cruise, port fees, taxes and meals on the cruise liner.
Price includes cupola that is weather vane ready.
Price includes curb, gutters and sidewalk.
Price includes custom lettering on both sides.
Price includes customization with name or brand.
Price includes daily massage, heat treatment, many indoor and outdoor facilities.
Price includes deep water boatslip.
Price includes deferred equity golf membership.
Price includes delicious vegetarian meals and double or triple occupancy room if available.
Price includes delivery and set-up.
Price includes delivery by airmail to anywhere in the world.
Price includes delivery by surface mail outside Canada.
Price includes delivery east of the Mississippi.
Price includes delivery to anywhere in the world by airmail.
Price includes delivery to dock.
Price includes delivery to dorm, apartment, or house.
Price includes delivery to loading dock.
Price includes delivery, and setup with cups, ice, plates, napkins, etc.
Price includes delivery, setup, and warranty.
Price includes delivery.
Price includes design if needed, and placement on our website s newsletter section.
Price includes design work and program equipment.
Price includes design work, program equipment and meals.
Price includes design, hosting, email, domain registration and fees.
Price includes design.
Price includes device.
Price includes diapers and toddler pants, meals and snacks for older children.
Price includes digitizing, cleaning, compressing and encoding in any format.
Price includes dinner and opening performance.
Price includes dinner, bed and breakfast.
Price includes dinner, bus and ticket.
Price includes dinner, bus transportation and entertainment.
Price includes dinner, late night snack of popcorn, and breakfast.
Price includes dinner.
Price includes document on nice bond paper and on disk as well.
Price includes documentation, luncheon and refreshments.
Price includes dog handler and use of dogs, bird processing, airport pickup and lunch.
Price includes doll stand.
Price includes domestic airfare only.
Price includes domestic postage and handling.
Price includes domestic shipping and handling.
Price includes domestic shipping charges only.
Price includes domestic shipping.
Price includes domestic USA shipping.
Price includes drinks on board.
Price includes drinks, and lunch in a typical indian hut.
Price includes driveway.
Price includes DSL circuit charges.
Price includes duplication costs, shipping, and handling.
Price includes dust cover.
Price includes duty gig-bag.
Price includes earrings.
Price includes editing, design and distribution.
Price includes either a butterfly clutch or safety pin back.
Price includes electricity.
Price includes electronic speedometer correction kit.
Price includes emblem.
Price includes embroidered crossed aors or other small left leg logo.
Price includes embroidery.
Price includes English breakfast, taxes and service charge.
Price includes engraving of the winner and year.
Price includes engraving.
Price includes entertainment, a light dinner buffet and drinks.
Price includes entire business and inventory.
Price includes entr e, vegetable, salad and dessert.
Price includes entrance fees to ruins.
Price includes equipment and day use.
Price includes equipment, pool, boat, certified instructor and refreshments.
Price includes equipment. .
Price includes equity membership.
Price includes estimated motor vehicle fuel taxes.
Price includes etching.
Price includes everything but entry fee.
Price includes everything except licenses, room and board while in Terrace, and taxidermist fee.
Price includes everything.
Price includes examination fee.
Price includes excavation and backfill, stubbed-out piping and appurtenances.
Price includes exhibit space rental with no furnishings.
Price includes express air mail postage.
Price includes extra sternum pad, carry case, cotton fitted head rest cover, disposables and video.
Price includes fabric and labor.
Price includes ferry transfers to and from Goat Island.
Price includes final cleaning, weekly linen, gas, electricity and water.
Price includes fine padded carrying case.
Price includes fireworks, food and disco.
Price includes first annual update when published.
Price includes first class postage.
Price includes first-class or airmail postage.
Price includes first-year revision service.
Price includes fitted carpets, blinds, curtains and light fittings.
Price includes fitted carpets, curtain rails, some curtains.
Price includes fitted carpets, up the lines, some of kitchen appliances.
Price includes fitted carpets.
Price includes fittings.
Price includes five breakfasts and all lunches.
Price includes five meals and two late evening snacks .
Price includes fixtures.
Price includes flights and car hire.
Price includes flights and transfers.
Price includes flights ex Johannesburg, all meals and available watersports.
Price includes flowers, gift card and shipping.
Price includes fold and saddle stitch down center of catalog.
Price includes food and lodging and all transportation while searching for bears.
Price includes food, activities, and use of grounds.
Price includes food, beverages and event admission.
Price includes food, cook stove, and other community gear.
Price includes food, equipment and guides.
Price includes food, lodging, and travel.
Price includes food, transportation lodging and rafting.
Price includes food, transportation, equipment and guides.
Price includes food, transportation, equipment, and guides.
Price includes food, transportation, equipment, guides.
Price includes food, transportation, lodging and cross-country ski rentals.
Price includes food, transportation, lodging and flight lessons.
Price includes food.
Price includes formula.
Price includes four admissions and four skate rentals.
Price includes four bobbins, two drive bands, a tensioned lazy kate and threading hook.
Price includes four hours of maid service per week.
Price includes four nights in cabins in the Arnold area, bus transportation, and ski instruction.
Price includes frame , glass , and mats .
Price includes frame .
Price includes frame shown, double matting, glass, and hardware.
Price includes frame.
Price includes free attendance to the conference, for one person.
Price includes free delivery by mail anywhere in Australia.
Price includes free delivery within the United States.
Price includes free parking .
Price includes free parking.
Price includes free parts car with automatic transmission.
Price includes free pick up.
Price includes free shipping anywhere in the world.
Price includes free shipping within the continental United States.
Price includes free shipping within the United States.
Price includes free shipping.
Price includes FREE shipping.
Price includes free updates for an unlimited time via internet for registered product.
Price includes FREE upgrades by email for one year.
Price includes free upgrades.
Price includes freight and handling.
Price includes freight for shipment to all countries.
Price includes freight in New Zealand.
Price includes freight.
Price includes fresh flowers, valentine gift basket and a bottle of wine.
Price includes fries.
Price includes fuel and oil.
Price includes full access to programming.
Price includes full bleed, die cutting and conversion.
Price includes full breakfast and all taxes.
Price includes full breakfast.
Price includes full day tour, lunch and private tour guide.
Price includes full English breakfast.
Price includes full oil central heating, electricity use and bed linen.
Price includes full-board accommodation in converted farmhouse.
Price includes furnishings and most contents.
Price includes furnishings, fixtures, inventory.
Price includes furnishings.
Price includes furniture, fixtures and fittings.
Price includes furniture, inventory and equipment.
Price includes galvanized steel eyelets and hanging hardware.
Price includes garden shed, appliances, and living room suite.
Price includes gear, afternoon dive and instructor.
Price includes getting current MOT, and complete interior valet.
Price includes gift envelopes.
Price includes gift set and pouch.
Price includes golf balls with one or two colors on one location and logo on tees.
Price includes golf cart, catered lunch, tee prizes and awards dinner.
Price includes golf cart.
Price includes golf course and country club membership.
Price includes golf, swimming pool, tennis membership.
Price includes good tickets for all concerts.
Price includes good tickets for all operas and concerts.
Price includes graphic creation, programming, production, photography and copy writing.
Price includes graphics and cases.
Price includes great food, lodging.
Price includes green fee and cart.
Price includes green fees and disc rental.
Price includes green fees, electric cart fees, all course surcharges, and all applicable taxes.
Price includes greens fees, cart and dinner.
Price includes greens fees, cart, prizes, lunch and transportation to and from the course.
Price includes greens fees.
Price includes ground shipping.
Price includes group airfare and visa fee.
Price includes guide, accommodations, park fees and porters.
Price includes guide, Arctic Circle Certificate, all transportation, and accommodations.
Price includes guide, porters, park fees, meals and accommodations.
Price includes half hour tape.
Price includes handling and mailing.
Price includes handling and shipping costs.
Price includes handling and shipping in protective tube.
Price includes handling fee and is subject to change.
Price includes handout materials.
Price includes handouts.
Price includes hard and floppy disk copies.
Price includes hard enamel lettering for durability and crispness of detail.
Price includes hardshell case.
Price includes hardware, software, courtroom setup, and trial technician.
Price includes head wrap.
Price includes heat.
Price includes heating and electricity.
Price includes helmet, grill, and visor.
Price includes herd of paint horses, all equipment, all home furnishings.
Price includes high quality genuine leather sheath.
Price includes high-quality scanning and color adjustment if necessary.
Price includes homecooked breakfast and dinner, plus sleeping blankets.
Price includes homemade corn muffins and buttermilk biscuits.
Price includes hors d'oeuvres and cocktails.
Price includes hors d'oeuvres, beer and wine.
Price includes hosting and creating the web pages.
Price includes hosting for one year.
Price includes hosting the site.
Price includes hot showers.
Price includes hotel accommodation, park entry fee and all meals.
Price includes hotel stay and all applicable taxes.
Price includes hotel, all ground transportation, entrance fees and some meals.
Price includes hotel, meals, and extra activities and events.
Price includes hotel, two meals per day and all ground transportation.
Price includes housing, health insurance, weekly trips and activities, and one overnight trip.
Price includes housing, meals, tuition, and excursions.
Price includes hundreds of lesson plans and hours of class music.
Price includes imprint on any three locations.
Price includes imprint on one side.
Price includes imprint on one temple.
Price includes imprint on towel.
Price includes imprinting, assembly and laminating.
Price includes initiation fees for golfing.
Price includes injection kit, shipping and return of waste.
Price includes inserting materials provided by the advertiser.
Price includes installation and initial verification of each link.
Price includes installation and support.
Price includes installation and training if required, mainland UK only.
Price includes installation kit and switch kit.
Price includes installation, calibration, and general on site training of the new computer system.
Price includes installation, telephone and all calls.
Price includes installation, telephone, and all calls.
Price includes installation, training and warranty.
Price includes installation.
Price includes installing the chime to an existing jack outlet.
Price includes instant rebate.
Price includes instruction and textbook.
Price includes instruction by qualified teaching staff.
Price includes instruction, textbook, practice test CD, and one test voucher.
Price includes instruction, texts, and certification processing.
Price includes instrument, two sensing probes, earphone headset, battery, carrying case and manual.
Price includes internal airfare.
Price includes inventory and equipment.
Price includes inventory and training.
Price includes inventory.
Price includes irrigation system.
Price includes items such as tuition and fees, books, room, and board.
Price includes it's original matt and frame as seen here.
Price includes jet boat tour.
Price includes juice, coffee or tea.
Price includes kayak and equipment.
Price includes kayak rental for time of instruction.
Price includes kayaking equip, camping gear, food, and guide.
Price includes keyboard and mouse.
Price includes kit.
Price includes laboratory analysis and sample mailing.
Price includes laboratory analysis.
Price includes large breakfast.
Price includes laser engraved copy on one location.
Price includes laser engraved imprint.
Price includes laser engraving or silkscreen on one side.
Price includes laser engraving.
Price includes layout and engraving.
Price includes leasing of router.
Price includes leather tie.
Price includes lectures, coffee breaks, lunch, and evening reception.
Price includes lei greeting and round trip transfers.
Price includes lei greeting, round trip transfers.
Price includes lift pass.
Price includes lift ticket and ski rentals if needed.
Price includes lift ticket, and breakfast, lunch and apres ski in a private Mountain Suite.
Price includes lift tickets, room, breakfast and dinner.
Price includes light editing for correct spelling and punctuation.
Price includes light food and sodas.
Price includes limited installation support and upgrades.
Price includes linen and towels.
Price includes linen, towels and breakfast each day.
Price includes listing without pictures on our web site classified page.
Price includes loaded on flatbed.
Price includes local sales tax.
Price includes lodging and meals.
Price includes lodging in resort hotel.
Price includes lodging in the area's finest hotels, all meals, and experienced tour leaders.
Price includes lodging, breakfast, lunch and golf.
Price includes lodging, meals and instruction.
Price includes lodging, meals, insurance and some materials.
Price includes lodging, meals, preparation of meat and skin, and stands.
Price includes lodging.
Price includes log book, boat and instructor.
Price includes logo de-bossed on back.
Price includes logo patch.
Price includes low pressure shock pump.
Price includes lunch and a tour.
Price includes lunch and admissions.
Price includes lunch and commemorative T-shirt.
Price includes lunch and drinks throughout the day.
Price includes lunch and guide.
Price includes lunch and morning and afternoon tea.
Price includes lunch and pig roast supper.
Price includes lunch and printed materials.
Price includes lunch and program.
Price includes lunch and refreshments.
Price includes lunch and snack.
Price includes lunch, drinks and fruits.
Price includes lunch, entrance fees, professional guide and travel by air- conditioned coach.
Price includes lunch, entrance fees, professional guide and travel by air-conditioned coach.
Price includes lunch, flies and all equipment.
Price includes lunch, materials, a certificate, pin, and quality facilitation.
Price includes lunch, refreshments and course pack.
Price includes lunch, soft drinks, bottled water, the paleontologist s fee and hotel accommodations.
Price includes lunch, transportation and equipment.
Price includes lunch, unlimited snorkelling, round-trip transportation, and snorkel equipment.
Price includes lunch.
Price includes luncheon, tour, deluxe motor coach transportation and all gratuities.
Price includes machine-made envelopes.
Price includes machining on both sides of two rotors.
Price includes mail.
Price includes mailers.
Price includes mailing.
Price includes manual and workbook.
Price includes manual.
Price includes matching deckle-edged envelopes made of recycled paper.
Price includes matching tear drop earrings.
Price includes materials and refreshments.
Price includes materials and t-shirt.
Price includes materials, hat, t-shirt and awards ceremony.
Price includes materials, hat, t-shirt, field trip and awards ceremony.
Price includes materials, instruction.
Price includes materials, t-shirt and field trips.
Price includes materials, t-shirt, and field trip.
Price includes materials.
Price includes mats, horn, tools and five lamps.
Price includes meals and science materials.
Price includes meals at the river, camping, and professional river guides.
Price includes meals, accommodation and lift passes.
Price includes meals, lodging, books, entertainment and tips.
Price includes meals, lodging, fieldwork, course materials and evening programs.
Price includes meals, room service, snacks, theme nights, satellite TV and unlimited beverages.
Price includes meals,,accommodation, classes, banquet and ball.
Price includes meals.
Price includes medical insurance and orientation materials.
Price includes meter, wrist-strap, battery and instruction manual.
Price includes metro Denver delivery.
Price includes Michigan sales tax with the price to members listed first and non-members next.
Price includes mints, nuts, sparkling wine and boxes to take home remaining cake.
Price includes misc.
Price includes misoshiro and salad, plus tempura and kakiage, if desired.
Price includes model fee.
Price includes model fees.
Price includes modification for antenna and or outside air tempature probe.
Price includes monitor.
Price includes mop cap style hat.
Price includes morning beverages and sports shirts for all participants.
Price includes motor and gear box, reed sensor equipped.
Price includes mountain bike and helmet.
Price includes mountain bike rental and helmet.
Price includes mounting hardware.
Price includes mounting.
Price includes moving boat to and from haul out area.
Price includes mug and engraving.
Price includes name on cover.
Price includes nature tour guide and box lunch.
Price includes necessary end cap plate.
Price includes neck or drape ribbon.
Price includes negatives.
Price includes neon necklace, balls, and prizes.
Price includes new horizontal stab in progress.
Price includes New Jersey state sales tax.
Price includes nibbles, entree, main, desert and fantastic prizes.
Price includes nocturnal tour of refuge.
Price includes North American postage and packaging costs.
Price includes notebook, coffee breaks and lunch.
Price includes occluder and case.
Price includes one adult and one child.
Price includes one basket of strawberries per person.
Price includes one black and white or color photo and up to two full pages of text.
Price includes one canned soda, chips and paper products.
Price includes one canned soda, chips, dessert and paper products.
Price includes one CD master.
Price includes one color art.
Price includes one color copy and one background color.
Price includes one color custom imprint.
Price includes one color custom silk screen.
Price includes one color foil imprint only.
Price includes one color imprint on box top.
Price includes one color imprint on one side or laser engraving.
Price includes one color imprint on white paper insert under protective lens.
Price includes one color imprint, one side.
Price includes one color imprint.
Price includes one color on one or two sides.
Price includes one color on one side.
Price includes one color printing on front or back.
Price includes one color screened imprint, one location for sizes small through extra large.
Price includes one color screenprinting and screen charges.
Price includes one color surface screening or emblem.
Price includes one color, one location imprint.
Price includes one color, one position imprint on each unit.
Price includes one color, one side print on shirt.
Price includes one color, one side.
Price includes one commemorative glass.
Price includes one complimentary massage, all meals and use of the facilities.
Price includes one copy of the separate translation key per order.
Price includes one custom color imprint.
Price includes one full year of software updates and technical support.
Price includes one gigabyte of data transfer per month, per stream.
Price includes one glass of wine.
Price includes one hot or cold drink.
Price includes one imprint color, one side.
Price includes one imprint color.
Price includes one line of gold-stamping of name and initials on the cover.
Price includes one line.
Price includes one location and one category.
Price includes one maintenance visit per month consisting of up to three hours.
Price includes one night's lodging, light breakfast and coffee.
Price includes one or two names.
Price includes one or two people.
Price includes one participant s workbook.
Price includes one person at the training.
Price includes one position imprint.
Price includes one revision opportunity at proof.
Price includes one roll-back truck, one flatbed and two tow trucks.
Price includes one set of cards.
Price includes one slice of pizza and soda.
Price includes one small soda and one slice of pizza.
Price includes one two-hour videotape and one copy of the course notebook.
Price includes one year of bi-monthly updating services.
Price includes one year of hosting.
Price includes one-color imprint on front cover.
Price includes one-color imprint.
Price includes online text listing.
Price includes only files pertaining to the gateway.
Price includes only lunches.
Price includes optional winter horseback riding.
Price includes original conference documentation, lunch and refreshment breaks.
Price includes original matt and frame.
Price includes overland transportation, accommodation and bedding and food if requested.
Price includes overnight accommodations, all meals and activity fees.
Price includes overnight accommodations, dinner and breakfast.
Price Includes overnight delivery.
Price includes overnight shipping and packaging.
Price includes overnight shipping.
Price includes owner mitigation of all wetlands.
Price includes packaging and economy airmail.
Price includes packaging and mailing costs.
Price includes packaging, handling and insurance.
Price includes packing and shipping cost.
Price includes packing and shipping.
Price includes padded bonnet.
Price includes padded case.
Price includes padded cover.
Price includes paints, glazing and firing.
Price includes pan and screen.
Price includes park entry fee, Breakfast.
Price includes parking and a beer tasting glass.
Price includes parking on campus.
Price includes partial mail order business and materials.
Price includes paten.
Price includes pellicle and reticle guides.
Price includes personal monogramming.
Price includes personal watercraft, wetsuit, life jacket, fuel and instruction.
Price includes personalized certificate of recording and two descendant charts.
Price includes photography and production.
Price includes picnic lunch.
Price includes pizza and pop lunch.
Price includes place on boat and food.
Price includes plans for pool terrace and separate guest cottage.
Price includes plastic loop or lock straps.
Price includes plush kitty.
Price includes plush.
Price includes pneumatic wheels and extra set of down tubes.
Price includes port charges and taxes.
Price includes port charges.
Price includes post and packaging to UK addresses.
Price includes post and packaging.
Price includes post and packing to all countries.
Price includes post in secure plastic post bag.
Price includes postage and any applicable taxes.
Price includes postage and delivery.
Price includes postage and handling .
Price includes postage and handling for delivery in the United States.
Price includes postage and handling for U.S. residents.
Price includes postage and handling.
Price includes postage and packing in the UK only.
Price includes postage and packing.
Price includes postage and tax.
Price includes postage anywhere.
Price includes postage by surface mail outside Canada.
Price includes postage by surface mail, but other arrangements are possible.
Price includes postage costs.
Price includes postage to any address world wide.
Price includes postage to any destination worldwide.
Price includes postage to Australia.
Price includes postage to locations in the continental United States only.
Price includes postage to UK address.
Price includes postage within Australia.
Price includes postage, handling, and insurance.
Price includes postage, handling, sales tax.
Price includes postage.
Price includes postal costs.
Price includes poster.
Price includes posting fee.
Price includes postpaid delivery by surface mail.
Price includes potato or macaroni salad, desert, sodas or juice, and all paperware.
Price includes power, cable, and water.
Price includes premium glass eyes and secure crating for shipment.
Price includes prepaid shipping.
Price includes preparation and painting.
Price includes Preparation of the documents for filming.
Price includes press wash and ink mixing.
Price includes print and CD-ROM versions .
Price includes print and CD-ROM versions.
Price includes print and limited selection of frames and double mat with premium clear glass.
Price includes print on one side or continuous wrap.
Price includes printed materials.
Price includes printed sheet, back card, ribbon and envelope.
Price includes printing .
Price includes printing and die-cutting.
Price includes printing, cards and plain envelopes for any design.
Price includes printing, cutting, and scoring.
Price includes printing.
Price includes priority mail postage.
Price includes priority mail shipping.
Price includes priority shipping and confirmed delivery.
Price includes priority shipping and handling, U.S. and Canada.
Price includes priority shipping.
Price includes private cabin accommodation, double occupancy, and all meals.
Price includes private use of mezzanine game room.
Price includes production of a static banner.
Price includes production, printing and shipping charges.
Price includes production.
Price includes professional photos by our web designer.
Price includes professional photos.
Price includes proffessional to mow lawns and care for garden.
Price includes program and bus ticket.
Price includes promotion and postage.
Price includes public performance rights for Schools and libraries.
Price includes public performance rights.
Price includes publication costs.
Price includes purchase of live lamb, cut, and wrap.
Price includes purchase price of leased land.
Price includes quartz tube elements.
Price includes race car and controller rental.
Price includes race day entrance.
Price includes racing programs.
Price includes rail, plane, motor coach and most meals.
Price includes rammers.
Price includes real estate, business and equipment.
Price includes real estate, business, fixtures, equipment, furniture and supplies.
Price includes real estate.
Price includes reception and game ticket.
Price includes refillable service bowl.
Price includes refills from the salad bar, rolls and butter.
Price includes refreshments.
Price includes refurbished trailer and lots of goodies.
Price includes regular blade and button top.
Price includes regular domestic postage and handling and is subject to change.
Price includes regular shipping and handling and is subject to change.
Price includes regular shipping and handling charges.
Price includes remote control.
Price includes removable, adjustable shoulder strap.
Price includes removal of pages by bindery.
Price includes rent.
Price includes rental of specialist router and radio equipment.
Price includes rental, lesson and lift ticket.
Price includes rentals and ski pass for the day.
Price includes required second rackframe.
Price includes research staff time, preparation of report, and copies of documents and photos.
Price includes resizing of a single logo, scene, graphic, etc., plus typesetting.
Price includes return air fares, transfers and breakfasts.
Price includes return flights , full board accommodation.
Price includes return flights and room-only accommodation.
Price includes return flights and transfers.
Price includes return to Mackinaw City and tram back to ship.
Price includes reversible blade and button top.
Price includes right to screen video in schools, offices, libraries, audiences of all kinds.
Price includes road, sewer, water, and power to lot line.
Price includes room and breakfast.
Price includes room, board, in-country travel, supplies, and airport exit tax.
Price includes room, interconnect fee.
Price includes round center diamond.
Price includes round trip bus fare, game ticket, pre-game tailgate including sandwich and soda.
Price includes round trip ferry, round trip cach bus transportation and lift ticket.
Price includes round trip flights from Boston to Europe.
Price includes round trip floatplane flight tour, guide, gear, boat, lunch and hotel pick up.
Price includes round trip from Boston to Florence and return from Venice.
Price includes round trip transportation and admittance to the park.
Price includes round trip transportation to all participating locations.
Price includes round trip transportation, all area lift ticket and beginner lesson.
Price Includes Round-trip air from Philadelphia.
Price includes roundtrip airfare from California, hotel, many meals, sightseeing, and more.
Price includes round-trip ferry passage, parking for one car, and breakfast each morning of stay.
Price includes roundtrip tour bus, buffet lunch, four-hour cruise and more.
Price includes round-trip transportation, admission to the homes and lunch.
Price includes round-trip transportation, center mezzanine theater ticket, gratuity to the driver.
Price includes round-trip transportation.
Price includes salad and fresh baked bread.
Price includes sales tax and gratuity.
Price includes sales tax, postage and handling.
Price includes sales tax, shipping and handling.
Price includes sales tax, shipping, and handling.
Price includes sales tax.
Price includes same day priority mail shipping .
Price includes same-day rental.
Price includes sandcarving in one location.
Price includes sandwiches and a glass of wine.
Price includes scanner.
Price includes scanning and dust spotting.
Price includes screened imprint in one color, one location.
Price includes selected menu plus tax and tip.
Price includes service charge.
Price includes service charges and taxes.
Price includes services brought to the site and access road completed.
Price includes services for one page per U.S. customer.
Price includes set of three.
Price includes set up fee.
Price includes set up.
Price includes setting a holding symbol.
Price includes set-up and one color imprint.
Price includes set-up fee.
Price includes set-ups.
Price includes sewer system and culvert.
Price includes sewer tap.
Price includes sewer, water and paved access road.
Price includes share in park.
Price includes shared accommodations, most meals, tour guide plus a creativity workshop.
Price includes shared cart.
Price includes shared carts, fully stocked with water, tees, towels and yardage guides.
Price includes shavings.
Price includes shim .
Price includes shipment.
Price includes shipping .
Price includes shipping and any applicable taxes.
Price includes shipping and crate.
Price includes shipping and crating charges.
Price includes shipping and handling and insurance.
Price includes shipping and handling and the hand decorated storage box.
Price includes shipping and handling charges.
Price includes shipping and handling costs.
Price includes shipping and handling fees.
Price includes shipping and handling for paper copies.
Price includes shipping and handling for U.S. only.
Price includes shipping and handling in the United States.
Price includes shipping and handling to destinations within continental North America.
Price includes shipping and handling to the U.S. and Canada.
Price includes shipping and handling within North America.
Price includes shipping and handling, plus an on-line study guide.
Price includes shipping and handling, taxes, and duty where required.
Price includes shipping and handling.
Price includes shipping and insurance.
Price includes shipping and setup costs for most states.
Price includes shipping and tax.
Price includes shipping and taxes.
Price includes shipping anywhere in North America.
Price includes shipping anywhere in the United States.
Price includes shipping anywhere in USA. . . .
Price includes shipping anywhere in USA. . .
Price includes shipping anywhere in USA. .
Price includes shipping by mail in the United States.
Price includes shipping charge.
Price includes shipping charges.
Price includes shipping cost.
Price includes shipping costs in the continental USA and Canada.
Price includes shipping costs.
Price includes shipping fee.
Price includes shipping fees.
Price includes shipping in original double boxes.
Price includes shipping in the U.S. only.
Price includes shipping in the United States.
Price includes shipping in the USA, see order page.
Price includes shipping of unframed serigraph.
Price includes shipping to a freight terminal or business address.
Price includes shipping to addresses in the United States.
Price includes shipping to any location in the continental USA or Canada.
Price includes shipping to any location in the USA or Canada.
Price includes shipping to anywhere in the world.
Price includes shipping to the United States and Canada.
Price includes shipping to the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
Price includes shipping to UK address.
Price includes shipping to UK destinations.
Price includes shipping to United States and Canadian addresses.
Price includes shipping to USA or Canada.
Price includes shipping via first-class mail.
Price includes shipping via mail.
Price includes shipping when sent with a gift of flowers.
Price includes shipping when sent with a tropical bouquet.
Price includes shipping within North America.
Price includes shipping within the continental United States.
Price includes shipping within the U.S. and Lifetime Warranty.
Price includes shipping, handling and freight insurance.
Price includes shipping, handling and insurance.
Price includes shipping, personalized signing and taxes.
Price includes shipping, please check appropriate shipping information below.
Price includes shipping.
Price includes Shipping.
Price includes shoe rental.
Price includes show and dinner.
Price includes shred use of carts.
Price includes single color logo imprinted on two sides.
Price includes single vision Rx lenses of any power.
Price includes sit-down lunch.
Price includes site parking.
Price includes six nights of accommodations and most meals.
Price includes six video tapes and workbook.
Price includes skate rental.
Price includes skis, transportation and lunch.
Price includes slicks and wets on rims.
Price includes small bonus cabin with kitchen and one bath.
Price includes small tractor.
Price includes snacks, guide, skiff ride and transportation.
Price includes snap tight lid and flex straw with tip.
Price includes soaker hose and all accessories.
Price includes soccer ball, t-shirt, water bottle and poster.
Price includes software and installation.
Price includes software connecting cables, power supply, and carrying case.
Price includes software lease as well as hosting fees.
Price includes springs.
Price includes standard resume service , aircheck review , and cover letter.
Price includes standard shipping within the U.S., handling and sales tax where applicable.
Price includes standard shipping.
Price includes state sales tax.
Price includes stock design on button and custom printing on center streamer.
Price includes subscription service for revisions.
Price includes supper, show, taxes, and gratuities.
Price includes supplies fee.
Price includes supplies.
Price includes surface postage.
Price includes surface shipping and handling.
Price includes sword, scabbard, presentation case, name etching, and certificate.
Price includes syllabus of all handouts.
Price includes Symposium, parking and lunch.
Price includes table top and base plus all necessary hardware.
Price includes take home disk, workbook and notes.
Price includes tanks and weights.
Price includes tax and gratuity.
Price includes tax and is subject to change without notice.
Price includes tax and meal.
Price includes tax and postage.
Price includes tax and service charges.
Price includes tax and shipping Call or write for prices on volume purchases.
Price includes tax and shipping.
Price includes tax, coffee, lunch, bait, drinks, tackle, licenses.
Price includes tax, freight, and service charges.
Price includes tax, postage, and handling.
Price includes tax, service charge, and all the above listed amenities.
Price includes tax, service charges, and all above listed amenities.
Price includes tax, shipping and handling.
Price includes tax, shipping, handling and a gift box.
Price includes tax, two alcoholic beverages or four sodas.
Price includes tax.
Price includes taxes and service charge.
Price includes taxes, fees and gratuities.
Price includes taxes, shipping and handling within the United States.
Price includes taxes, shipping and handling.
Price includes taxes.
Price includes Taxes.
Price includes teacher's guide, tax, shipping and handling for one book per two students.
Price includes temperature compensation chart, carrying case and manual.
Price includes tent, sleeping bags, picnic in treks, dinner and breakfast in camp, no restaurants.
Price includes tents and sleep kits.
Price includes text, instruction, and certification processing.
Price includes textbook.
Price includes the adjoining lot and all of the fabulous furniture and top of the line appliances.
Price includes the building.
Price includes the bus ride and admissions to the fair and racetrack.
Price includes the bus ride to the casinos and the casino package.
Price includes the bus transportation, all admissions and catered brunch.
Price includes the cost of postage for U.S. customers.
Price includes the cost of regular shipping and handling.
Price includes the cost of the newspaper and delivery as well as banding, inserting, or bagging.
Price includes the cost of the program, course materials, and room and board.
Price includes the cost of tuition, materials and meals.
Price includes the cruise, a fabulous dinner, dancing, karaoke, live music and games.
Price includes the first word in bold print.
Price includes the first year maintenance.
Price includes the frame, matte, glass, and shipping.
Price includes the home on approx.
Price includes the installation.
Price includes the kit, DNA analysis, and reporting of the results.
Price includes the kitchen range, washer, dryer and wood stove.
Price includes the mailing of a paper copy to the recipient or employee.
Price includes the mesh grille and all mounting hardware.
Price includes the party and museum admission for a maximum of ten children and two adults.
Price includes the ring.
Price includes the software, a manual, and a special cable.
Price includes the standard bale.
Price includes the store, adjacent house, and equipment.
Price includes the stove, refrigerator and dishwasher.
Price includes the tree and house.
Price includes the two commercial spaces plus one whole level of indoor parking.
Price includes the viewer with a head gear, hard case, manual and manufacture Two year warranty.
Price includes third class postage and handling.
Price includes three full meals a day, informative education programs, and transportation.
Price includes three letters.
Price includes three system installations per purchase and per location.
Price includes three-course dinner, performances by top magicians and more.
Price includes three-year warranty.
Price includes ticket for harbor cruise.
Price includes tires and anodized handrims.
Price includes touch pad, tactile overlay, and software.
Price includes tour, tea, lunch, and chamber music.
Price includes tournament, use of facilities, lunch, dinner and programmed activities.
Price includes tours, maps and some meals.
Price includes tours, transportation and lunch.
Price includes towels, bed linen, blankets, laundry.
Price includes towels, bed linens, and move out maid service.
Price includes trabsportation, and all camping and canoeing equipment.
Price includes trade fixtures but excludes current inventory.
Price includes trailer.
Price includes trailor.
Price includes train fare for a return jouney from Sheffield Park.
Price includes training material, and instructor costs.
Price includes training video tape, machine light, and instructions.
Price includes transfers from Port Douglas or Cairns, and picnic dinner.
Price includes transfers in and out.
Price includes transformation.
Price includes transport and DoC permit.
Price includes transport, guide, lunch and dinner.
Price includes transportation and admission.
Price includes transportation and equipment if needed as well as lunch.
Price includes transportation and group gear.
Price includes transportation and guides.
Price includes transportation and lodging only.
Price includes transportation and lunch.
Price includes transportation and museum admission.
Price includes transportation but lunch on own.
Price includes transportation to and from climbs.
Price includes transportation to and from Saratoga Springs, hotel, and dinner.
Price includes transportation, accom., lunches, and all ferry fares and park entrance fees.
Price includes transportation, admission fees, and staff costs.
Price includes transportation, equipment and guides.
Price includes transportation, equipment, and trip leaders.
Price includes transportation, equipment, guides and one evening of canoeing.
Price includes transportation, experienced leaders, all meals, lodging, and horses.
Price includes transportation, food, and lodging.
Price includes transportation, guides and equipment.
Price includes transportation, instruction, rafting, lodging and all technical equipment.
Price includes transportation, insurance, driver gratuity and senior ticket to the fair.
Price includes transportation, lecture, tour and lunch.
Price includes transportation, lodging, all meals and gratuities.
Price includes transportation, lodging, meals, guides, and equipment.
Price includes transportation, non-alcoholic drinks and use of umbrellas.
Price includes transportation, room and board, laundry and excursions.
Price includes transportation.
Price includes trash.
Price includes travel to and from Las Vegas.
Price includes travel within Honduras, as well as hotel accomodations in La Ceiba.
Price includes travel, food, lodging, and gear.
Price includes trophies and end of league party.
Price includes trophies, small prizes for the children and a sausage sizzle on the last day of camp.
Price includes t-shirt and basketball.
Price includes t-shirt and insurance.
Price includes t-shirt and snacks.
Price includes t-shirt, entry fees, and lunch.
Price includes T-shirt.
Price includes t-shirts, awards, and training fees.
Price includes t-shirts, lunch and tickets to that night's game.
Price includes tuition and registration fee .
Price includes tuition, all ingredients and hire of kitchen facilities.
Price includes tuition, course materials, and room and board.
Price includes tuition, program materials, and room and board.
Price includes tuition, room and board, and resource materials.
Price includes tuition, room, board, and resource materials.
Price includes tuning key, tuning fork, harp cover and folding bench for all harps.
Price includes two additional paid for franchise fees for expanding operation.
Price includes two adjoining lots.
Price includes two complimentary gourmet breakfasts.
Price includes two drinks and finger food from assorted platters.
Price includes two initials.
Price includes two nights lodging, all meals, and all instruction during the weekend.
Price includes two panels, blanket, and hogan.
Price includes two panels, blanket.
Price includes two raffle tickets, a dash plaque and a lunch.
Price includes two spacers per tower.
Price includes two telephone consultations by training program expert.
Price includes typesetting and design.
Price includes typing or slide setting.
Price includes typing photo captions.
Price includes U.S. postage.
Price includes U.S.postage.
Price includes UK and overseas surface postage.
Price includes UK postage.
Price includes unfinished surround and black base.
Price includes uniform, end of season party and certificate.
Price includes unlimited licenses.
Price includes unlimited technical support.
Price includes unwrapping, inflating, peeling labels off, etc.
Price includes up to four photographs.
Price includes up to three letters.
Price includes up to three lines of engraving.
Price includes updates throughout the year.
Price includes uprights, down shop beams and rails.
Price includes use of locker room and towels.
Price includes use of sauna and fitness facilities.
Price includes use of sauna.
Price includes use of studio facility, ancillary equipment, and house engineer.
Price includes VAT and carriage to U.K. mainland.
Price includes VAT and delivery within mainland UK Only.
Price includes VAT and shipping.
Price includes vellum envelopes.
Price includes vent kit.
Price includes Victorian braces.
Price includes water well, septic system, electric power, and telephone.
Price includes water, electric and phone.
Price includes water, sewer, cable.
Price includes Web Cam Server only.
Price Includes web integration programming code.
Price includes web sites design, promotion and hosting, plus search engines submission.
Price includes weekly service with change of towels and linen.
Price includes windows and septic.
Price includes wine glass.
Price includes work table, corner and desk return.
Price includes workshop and tour.
Price includes workshop, food and lodging.
Price includes world-wide postage.
Price includes worldwide shipping.
Price includes wrapping.
Price includes, coffee breaks, books, lab supplies.
Price includes, course materials, continental breakfast and lunch.
Price includes, fees, a sleeve of balls, snacks, and dinner.
Price includes, handling, postage and taxes.
Price including shipping and tax is used to rank the results.
Price including ticket, bus, and refreshments is to be determined.
Price increases The month also saw two carmakers hiking their prices.
Price indicates the current price at which the stock is trading.
Price indicates the overall beauty of the gem.
Price Indicates the unit price.
Price is a big attraction.
Price is a big factor when choosing a chip.
Price is a big issue at present.
Price is a big issue here.
Price is a big issue, too.
Price is a big issue.
Price is a big one that comes to mind.
Price is a big selling point.
Price is a common example.
Price is a concern however.
Price is a consideration but safety is priceless.
Price is a consideration, but only one factor.
Price is a consideration, but so is their plan and their experience.
Price is a constant source of friction.
Price is a deterrent to kids picking up a nasty habit.
Price is a different matter.
Price is a factor and many new courses are higher priced than Bittersweet.
Price is a factor but by no means the most important one.
Price is a factor but service and other issues are enormously important.
Price is a factor in purchase decisions for all customers, but it's only part of the value equation.
Price is a factor of demand, availability, and condition.
Price is a factor, of course.
Price is a factor.
Price is a family historian who provides genealogy assistance.
Price is a flat fee for the product.
Price is a function of complexity, materials and scale.
Price is a function of perception and expectation.
Price is a good determinant.
Price is a good indicator of relative quality.
Price is a great talent waiting to explode.
Price is a highly-lauded individual in the teaching profession.
Price is a huge motivator to people online.
Price is a important factor.
Price is a key consideration for most consumers.
Price is a key consideration, as is standards compatibility, and of course, product performance.
Price is a key consideration.
Price is a key driver for white box purchases.
Price is a key factor.
Price is a key part of marketing.
Price is a large part.
Price is a lever to create and to dislocate sales from one period to another.
Price is a lifelong educator.
Price is a little high but worth it.
Price is a little too high for such inexpensive ingredients.
Price is a major concern.
Price is a major consideration as well.
Price is a major consideration when enterprises or individuals are doing online business.
Price is a major factor in choosing day care.
Price is a major factor.
Price is a major issue.
Price is a major reason many students head to Mexico for vacations.
Price is a minimal issue and so is travel distance.
Price is a mobile phone company operating in Florida and other southern states.
Price is a native of Charlotte, a stepmother, and a lover of trees.
Price is a one time charge with a free update of information, prices, etc every month.
Price is a one time charge with two free updates of information, prices, etc per year.
Price is a one time charged with two free updates of information, prices, etc per year.
Price is a philosopher with a real grasp of fundamental physics.
Price is a problem.
Price is a prominent expert on African-American history.
Price is a putative indication of optical quality, but can equally well be misleading.
Price is a relative term.
Price is a relatively low priority among many of today's consumers.
Price is a true freshman who's just about the quickest thing in baggy pants.
Price is a very hard element to pin down and, therefore, hard for the buyer to assess.
Price is a very important driver in clothing purchases.
Price is a very low priority compared to some of the other attributes.
Price is a very poor way to establish a relationship.
Price is about the same as a high quality wine.
Price is about the same.
Price is above the moving average so the trend is up.
Price is acceptable but service is very bad and people very unfriendly.
Price is according to season and availability.
Price is added at the local level.
Price is adjusted for greater occupancy.
Price is affected by fashion, wool quality, and many other factors.
Price is affordable, and the unit sounds excelent.
Price is agreed upon at time of commission.
Price is all cash.
Price is all in the mind.
Price is all inclusive of welcome food hamper .linen.towels, everything required on arrival.
Price is all inclusive, including visiting permits in remote wilderness park locations.
Price is all inclusive.
Price is almost always a consideration when specs are written.
Price is almost an afterthought when the masses are headed for the exits.
Price is almost irrelevant.
Price is almost tha same.
Price is almost the same.
Price is also a big factor in determining what people buy.
Price is also a big hurdle.
Price is also a bit high for an average fork.
Price is also a con.
Price is also a consideration.
Price is also a draw.
Price is also a function of marketing.
Price is also a function of time.
Price is also a major factor during the selection process.
Price is also an important factor.
Price is also an incentive to make a high-quality homebrew.
Price is also an issue.
Price is also highly competitive.
Price is also important.
Price is also in the favour of the horn antenna.
Price is also interested in what factors make a person.
Price is also right.
Price is also the advantage of videotapes.
Price is always a concern in estimating.
Price is always a consideration, even for committed green buyers, and today's supply prices are low.
Price is always a consideration.
Price is always a critical factor when buyers select an outsourcing suppliers.
Price is always a major consideration.
Price is always a major determining factor for any contracted work.
Price is always a motivating factor.
Price is always a part of the package.
Price is always a product of poor selling and inept sales management.
Price is always a success factor.
Price is always a topic for debate.
Price is always an important consideration when purchasing equipment.
Price is always an issue with a startup.
Price is always an issue.
Price is an annual fee known and fixed for the whole period of the agreement.
Price is an anomaly on many levels.
Price is an even more important factor.
Price is an extraneous part of any piece of information.
Price is an important consideration too.
Price is an important factor in choosing apparel.
Price is an indicator.
Price is an instructor in the business master's degree program.
Price is an issue but quality does come first.
Price is an issue.
Price IS an object.
Price is an obstacle , which deters consumers from buying.
Price is an obstacle to high-speed Internet access.
Price is an obvious issue but the setup the of adapter is equally important.
Price is and availability is subject to change at any time.
Price is another advantage to shopping online.
Price is another advantage.
Price is another area of subjective determination.
Price is another concern.
Price is another consideration.
Price is another critical issue.
Price is another driving force for eliminating the older peripheral connections.
Price is another factor in vinyl's return.
Price is another factor.
Price is another important considera-tion.
Price is another issue.
Price is another key issue identified by the buyers.
Price is another matter.
Price is another pleasant surprise.
Price is another source of vulnerability.
Price is another way to control the trade and reduce demand.
Price is app.
Price is apparently no object.
Price is approx.
Price is approximate, subject to final negotiations of gropu rates.
Price is around bottom line, and service is much better than around bottom line.
Price is around Rs.
Price is as important as elsewhere.
Price is as outlined above.
Price is at our discretion for special manufacture.
Price is available on request.
Price is available upon request.
Price is based duration of processing time required to generate the reports.
Price is based off conformation to the breed standard, temperament, demand and scarcity.
Price is based on a four-hour minimum for dispatched service.
Price is based on a four-hour minimum.
Price is based on a half hour and includes the use of towels, driers and shampoo.
Price is based on a minimum of passengers using double occupancy and departing from New York.
Price is based on a Superior room category.
Price is based on an hourly basis.
Price is based on customer providing camera-ready art to size.
Price is based on design and complexity of order.
Price is based on design.
Price is based on double occupancy, with daily FREE hot buffet breakfast.
Price is based on double occupancy.
Price is based on exposure, duration, image size and level of exclusivity.
Price is based on how many stay.
Price is based on list price in vendor's current catalog or price list.
Price is based on location and duration of trip.
Price is based on location and number of participants.
Price is based on maximum occupancy, utilizing the sleeper sofa in the living room.
Price is based on menu selection.
Price is based on monthly rent.
Price is based on number of participants.
Price is based on number of stations that can use the software.
Price is based on one protein and three salad products.
Price is based on one suitcase and one carry-on per person.
Price is based on one target audience.
Price is based on position and length of contract.
Price is based on quantity purchased.
Price is based on rate of exchange and is subject to some deviation.
Price is based on repairmans appraisal.
Price is based on room sharing, and single rooms are available for a supplement on request.
Price is based on seating.
Price is based on six participants per boat.
Price is based on six persons in party.
Price is based on size and elements included.
Price is based on size and quality.
Price is based on size of sign plus quantity and size of letters and numbers.
Price is based on solid sorbent tube collection unless otherwise stated.
Price is based on specified fixed labor hour rates.
Price is based on standard line ad.
Price is based on stitch count.
Price is based on supply and demand.
Price is based on the complexity of the design project and the amount of updating required.
Price is based on the cost of the dye.
Price is based on the currency exchange rate and is subject to some deviation.
Price is based on the customs import value.
Price is based on the length of the session and membership status.
Price is based on the number of e-mail addresses and features selected.
Price is based on the number of participants.
Price is based on the profit margin the warranty company experiences.
Price is based on the quantity ordered and the amount of text used.
Price is based on the sale of rental equipment.
Price is based on the size of the chair and the material used.
Price is based on the size of the plaque and the complexity of the graphic design work required.
Price is based on the size, color and quality of the pelt.
Price is based on the total square footage of the file or image.
Price is based on the total word count of all submitted essays in a single application.
Price is based on the type, size and quality of the original material.
Price is based on the use of client's vehicle.
Price is based on the value for the amount of money spent.
Price is based on the volume of work.
Price is based on time and amount and type of product provided.
Price is based on tourist-class hotels.
Price is based on two people sharing a twin bedded room.
Price is based on two persons sharing a room and two persons travelling in Car Rental.
Price is based on unit replacing an existing comm transceiver.
Price is based per person double occupancy.
Price is based upon average number of users, subscription length, and service level.
Price is based upon number of managed desktops or mailboxes, subscription length, and service level.
Price is based upon population.
Price is based upon size of publication.
Price is based upon the actual hot carcass weight.
Price is based upon the number of users and the period of service.
Price is based upon the number of videotaped lessons.
Price is based upon weight.
Price is below the minimum.
Price is below the moving average so the trend is down.
Price is bison's one shortcoming.
Price is but one component to the solution.
Price is by no means the most important factor in choosing a venture lessor.
Price is by the yard.
Price is calculated based on the length of the manuscript when it is first submitted.
Price is calculated by adding a percentage to that direct cost.
Price is calculated on each side of the panel that is polished.
Price is Call or email.
Price is certainly a consideration, but the one that gives fits to fly rodders is the action.
Price is certainly a consideration, but weigh all the factors.
Price is certainly aware of the risk in hindsight.
Price is cheap as above from last week's issue suggests.
Price is clearly the biggest threat posed by the new mini chain stores.
Price is clipped from dustjacket flap.
Price is commensurate with power plant and year of sail inventory.
Price is comparable to conventional lighting systems.
Price is competitive, however.
Price is competitive.
Price is confident that, by working together, the task force can make a difference.
Price is cover's best feature.
Price is credited with much of the development of holistic dentistry .
Price is damn cheap considering the quality of the product.
Price is debatable.
Price is decent.
Price is definitely a consideration.
Price is definitely a factor.
Price is definitely a major reason for SWA'a popularity.
Price is defintiely an issue.
Price is dependant on program choices.
Price is dependant on the length of the registration.
Price is dependant upon the number of clients and options chosen.
Price is depended on the size and content of the page.
Price is dependent on length of tour and time of year.
Price is dependent on quantity and is subject to change at any time without notification.
Price is dependent on supply.
Price is dependent on the number of participants and the prized selected.
Price is dependent on the number of stations and amount of data.
Price is dependent on training, experience, and style.
Price is dependent on volume and design.
Price is dependent on warranty option, roof size, condition.
Price is dependent upon size and color.
Price is dependent upon the number of prints in an edition.
Price is dependent upon weight, so please ask for a quote.
Price is determined according to the one textual anchor purchase.
Price is determined after each conference once the speakers have submitted all the material.
Price is determined after evaluating the potential web site design job using a set of criteria.
Price is determined at the time of production according to the most recent price list.
Price is determined by age categories and volume of insurance selected.
Price is determined by age categories.
Price is determined by an hourly rate or size of the ad.
Price is determined by hanging weight, per pound, cut, wrapped and frozen.
Price is determined by length and grade of the corn.
Price is determined by market supply and market demand.
Price is determined by number in party.
Price is determined by number of reviews needed.
Price is determined by quantity of unique markings and size.
Price is determined by size of area, complexity of design, and detail involved.
Price is determined by stitch count and disk charge.
Price is determined by supply and demand.
Price is determined by the amount of stock available to satisfy the demand.
Price is determined by the amount of work required.
Price is determined by the event.
Price is determined by the market each day.
Price is determined by the market size of the purchasing organization.
Price is determined by the number of areas a customer wishes to be graded on.
Price is determined by the number of monthly messages.
Price is determined by the number of pages, number of color images and custom design.
Price is determined by the size of the pipe ordered.
Price is determined by the specific needs of each client.
Price is determined by type of risk.
Price is determined depending on complexity.
Price is determined for each individual order.
Price is determined on the total points accumulated during the initial order quantity.
Price is dictated by two essential things.
Price is discount.
Price is discussed at first meeting with the artist and depends on size and complexity.
Price is discussed in terms of the uses and limitations of marginal analysis.
Price is double if the tire is still on the rim.
Price is down.
Price is each unless otherwise stated.
Price is each.
Price is endogenous in the demand equation.
Price is equal to marginal cost in both models.
Price is equal to marginal cost plus a markup.
Price is equivalent to delivered packing house door.
Price is established based on the actual hot carcass weight.
Price is established in the fall at a certain market.
Price is established with cell phones.
Price is estimate only, subject to change.
Price is estimate only.
Price is everything, windows with decent light a very close second.
Price is everything.
Price is excellent.
Price is exclusive of replacement parts.
Price is expressed per residue.
Price is expressed per sequence reaction.
Price is fairly stable, and people life is gradually improved.
Price is familiar with the horror of trying to get an independent CD into stores.
Price is far down the list of reasons that customers buy from producers.
Price is fifty-five pounds.
Price is figured on the total square footage of the cover.
Price is firm and fair.
Price is firm plus shipping of buyers choice at cost.
Price is firm plus shipping.
Price is firm.
Price is Firm.
Price is firmly in the union camp.
Price is first priority, then quantity, then time.
Price is fixed and taxi service is safe.
Price is fixed for a two-year period.
Price is fixed for month without additional charge.
Price is flexible, based on quantity and types of sensors and controls ordered.
Price is flexible.
Price is for a dozen.
Price is for a matched pair .
Price is for a pair of lasers.
Price is for a pair of leg guards Please specify color needed when ordering.
Price is for a pendant with a adjustable satin cord and information card.
Price is for a set of seven sherberts.
Price is for a set of two ammo pouches.
Price is for a set of two.
Price is for ad to run for two weeks .
Price is for all day.
Price is for an annual subscription.
Price is for an inside cabin and includes port charges and taxes.
Price is for basic service.
Price is for Bed and Breakfast.
Price is for both books.
Price is for both ends.
Price is for both pieces.
Price is for both vases.
Price is for both.
Price is for business and inventory.
Price is for coaching.
Price is for complete vehicle.
Price is for double occupancy.
Price is for each angler.
Price is for each cell line.
Price is for each dolly only.
Price is for each insertion.
Price is for each pair.
Price is for each person removal performed.
Price is for each set.
Price is for each.
Price is for educational institutions only and subject to change.
Price is for engraving in one location.
Price is for feeding, established babies.
Price is for handle only.
Price is for labor only.
Price is for many vehicles click on special and print coupon.
Price is for mounting without center stone.
Price is for one bag.
Price is for one bowl.
Price is for one bracelet.
Price is for one candle.
Price is for one case.
Price is for one Case.
Price is for one choker necklace.
Price is for one color imprint on barrel.
Price is for one cover.
Price is for one dozen.
Price is for one endtable.
Price is for ONE glove.
Price is for one holder.
Price is for one mouse pad.
Price is for one ornament.
Price is for one pad.
Price is for one pair of curved or straight pattern titles.
Price is for one pair.
Price is for one person and one day.
Price is for one pin.
Price is for one purse.
Price is for one sculpture.
Price is for one set.
Price is for one side.
Price is for one table.
Price is for one tag.
Price is for one ticket for each remaining home game.
Price is for one votive only.
Price is for one wallet.
Price is for pair.
Price is for photocopying.
Price is for set of four.
Price is for set.
Price is for Shipping and Handling.
Price is for shipping to U.S. addresses.
Price is for single case only.
Price is for single coaster.
Price is for single unit.
Price is for single user only.
Price is for Spring session only.
Price is for standard block characters, call for prices on custom brands.
Price is for standard finishes.
Price is for starter pack.
Price is for table only.
Price is for the base only.
Price is for the pair of potholders.
Price is for the pair.
Price is for the set of three.
Price is for the whole boat.
Price is for three days.
Price is for three magnets.
Price is for twin occupancy.
Price is for two morganites.
Price is for two people.
Price is for unframed oil canvas.
Price is forthcoming.
Price is forty-four dollars including shipping.
Price is fourth or fifth on a customer's list.
Price is free and no reservations are required.
Price is free for basic text banner with link back.
Price is free of tax and includes shipping and handling.
Price is FREE per issue.
Price is free with paid zoo admission.
Price is free, donation optional.
Price is free.
Price is frequently a key factor as to who wins the sale.
Price is from Brisbane per person twin share.
Price is from most East Coast cities.
Price is from Shreveport, LA but travels around the Southeast doing revivals and concerts.
Price is generally a good indicator of quality.
Price is generally an important factor but never assume that money is the only issue.
Price is given in the table below, dependant on accommodation and season.
Price is good for new and renewal subscriptions.
Price is good for two persons, extra tour tickets are available at the hotel front desk.
Price is good right now.
Price is good though.
Price is good until inventory is sold out.
Price is good while the current shipment lasts, installation available for an extra charge.
Price is good with good quality and yields.
Price is good, and the optical performance is excellent.
Price is good, too.
Price is governed by time and cost of materials.
Price is great.
Price is greater than the maximum price set in the proclamation.
Price is guaranteed only until end of current month.
Price is high enough without paying for debris.
Price is high.
Price is higher for singles.
Price is higher.
Price is important in a market economy because it eliminates imbalances between supply and demand.
Price is important too.
Price is Important, and . . .
Price is important, but even more so, is the finished product.
Price is important, but look for dealers that appear to provide the best service after the sale.
Price is important, but paying the bills is more so.
Price is important, but reliability is fast becoming an equal concern.
Price is important, but remember price usually has a direct correlation to quality.
Price is important, but so is chemistry.
Price is important, sure.
Price is important.
Price is in addition to the basic equipment price.
Price is in addition to the cost of base services.
Price is in addition to the synthesis cost and has no setup fee.
Price is in Australian dollars.
Price is in Brunei Currency.
Price is in Canadian Dollars.
Price is in Canadian funds and subject to change without notice.
Price is in one annual payment.
Price is in Thai Baht.
Price is in U.S. dollars and includes shipping to U.S. and Canada.
Price is in U.S. dollars and is subject to change without notice.
Price is in U.S. dollars, and includes reproduction and mailing costs.
Price is incl.
Price is included in conference's fee.
Price is included in the ball gage catalog.
Price is included in the conference fee for delegates and accompanying persons.
Price is included in the conference registration fee.
Price is inclusive of all labor, materials, equipment,etc.
Price is inclusive, per person, double occupancy.
Price is inclusive.
Price is independent of production volume.
Price is indicated on the chart's vertical axis, and time is indicated on the horizontal axis.
Price is inexpensive to moderate.
Price is influenced by size and richness of color.
Price is influenced by the value of the clothing being rented and the length of time it's needed.
Price is intended as a guide only.
Price is into obvious resistance and the weekly charts have a significant loss of momentum.
Price is just a bit more than aluminum foil.
Price is just one aspect of the transaction to be negotiated.
Price is key in purchasing decision Gasoline retailing is an extremely price-sensitive business.
Price is king in real estate.
Price is king.
Price is King.
Price is known to be possibly increased if utilities are added in the product.
Price is land only, double occupancy, airfares are available from all major getaway cities.
Price is land only.
Price is land-only, per person based on double occupancy.
Price is largely a matter of perspective.
Price is least important to finance and consulting firms.
Price is less a factor today.
Price is less important.
Price is less of a concern.
Price is less of a factor in determining where to shop.
Price is liaison with all other federal agencies and issues affecting the department.
Price is likely to be a more important factor.
Price is limited to stock on hand.
Price is listed above.
Price is loaded trucks Midwest.
Price is low, drag is strong, reel works nice, until it rusts.
Price is low.
Price is make offer.
Price is marked in red color below the domain name.
Price is married with three children and six grandchildren.
Price is moderate.
Price is money's way of talking about comparative value.
Price is more a factor when buying a buck than quality is.
Price is more important than condition.
Price is more important than interest rate in determining both monthly payment and total price.
Price is mostly a question of competition which is appearing recently.
Price is neck-deep in trouble as a trafficker in human souls in Tangiers.
Price is neg.
Price is nego.
Price is negoitiable.
Price is negosiable.
Price is negotiable , with viewing and price inforamtion to be discussed.
Price is negotiable .
Price is negotiable and adjusted for purchase of smaller parcels.
Price is negotiable fair market value.
Price is negotiable for a complete package sale.
Price is negotiable for orders of three or more prints.
Price is negotiable in quantities.
Price is negotiable with excellent credit references.
Price is negotiable, based on bid and time to complete.
Price is negotiable, but preference to who buys the most.
Price is negotiable, interested parties contact owner.
Price is negotiable.
Price is Negotiable.
Price IS negotiable.
Price is negotiated if the contracting officer believes the price is too high.
Price is negotiated upfront.
Price is negotiation between the buyers and the sellers.
Price is net of any rebate to customer.
Price is net.
Price is never the issue.
Price is never the sole factor in deciding for a product or a service.
Price is nice, but e-tailers can provide far more.
Price is nine dollars and ninty five cents.
Price is no gauge of quality.
Price is no guarantee of effectiveness for a surge protector.
Price is no guarantee of performance, so ask about the store's return policy.
Price is no guarantee of quality .
Price is no guarantee of quality.
Price is no indicator of quality.
Price is no longer enough to capture and keep market share.
Price is no object if clothing fits well, looks great, and make'em feel good.
Price is no object if they want it.
Price is no object.
Price is no option.
Price is no stranger to personal loss.
Price is nothing but the monetary expression of value.
Price is now unable to raise any of the remaining rigs.
Price is obviously a factor, but so is our ability to produce and deliver.
Price is obviously a factor.
Price is obviously an important factor.
Price is often a good item to include in the header.
Price is often a measure of quality.
Price is often negotiable but beware of a deal too good to be true.
Price is often subjective, value is always objective.
Price is ok but service is poor.
Price is on a per pound basis.
Price is on pace to set school records for career wins and doubles.
Price is on request.
Price is one aspect but remember the quality of the work as well.
Price is one barrier to essential drug access.
Price is one big reason to avoid the superstores for hardware purchases.
Price is one consideration to take into account when placing an order.
Price is one consideration, but service is more important.
Price is one factor.
Price is one obstacle.
Price is one of the considerations in a trip - but value for the dollar is what counts.
Price is one of the lucky ones.
Price is one of the main reasons to shop on-line.
Price is one of the most important negotiating points.
Price is one of the most important selling tools.
Price is one reason.
Price is one thing, but the service is the experience.
Price is one thing, the real value is another thing.
Price is one, quality another.
Price is only a few points shy of becoming the school's all-time leading scorer.
Price is only for the bridal dress.
Price is only good for in stock items and is on a first come first serve basis.
Price is only one bargaining chip in the negotiations.
Price is only one component of the equation.
Price is only one consideration, however, when buying through the mail.
Price is only one element of value.
Price is only one element to consider when buying auto insurance.
Price is only one factor.
Price is only one issue.
Price is only one of many issues that have to be discussed during negotiations with buyers.
Price is only part of the equation when deciding upon a new project and who to work with.
Price is only part of the picture when making an offer.
Price is open for discussion.
Price is open to the highest bidder.
Price is open.
Price is our second major concern.
Price is out of our hands.
Price is outright with no core charge.
Price is outstanding as the genius who sculpts likenesses of famous people in wax.
Price is overstated.
Price is per all-day session.
Price is per bag.
Price is per bean bag.
Price is per box.
Price is per bundle of a dozen blades.
Price is per button, key tag, or magnet.
Price is per candle holder. .
Price is per candle holder.
Price is per chair and is the same on all variations.
Price is per channel.
Price is per child.
Price is per copy regardless of the number of copies of each original printed.
Price is per copy.
Price is per county.
Price is per couple, per night based on double occupancy.
Price is per cup.
Price is per day.
Price is per developer seat.
Price is per double occupancy.
Price is per dozen certificates.
Price is per drop.
Price is per each complete wheel assembly pre-mounted with new rubber ready to roll.
Price is per each.
Price is per ear of corn.
Price is per foot.
Price is per fork.
Price is per image.
Price is per knife.
Price is Per lb.
Price is per line, per day.
Price is per linear foot.
Price is per month.
Price is per night, plus tax.
Price is per nuclear family unit.
Price is per operating system.
Price is per ornament and includes domestic shipping.
Price is per package and includes taxes and gratuities.
Price is per package wrapped.
Price is per pair.
Price is per person - no sharing.
Price is per person and based on availabilty.
Price is per person and requires a two night stay.
Price is per person based on double occupancy in a ocean front suite.
Price is per person based on double occupancy.
Price is per person based on two people sharing a double room.
Price is per person based on two persons sharing a room.
Price is per person double occupancy cruise only with port charges included and early bird booking.
Price is per person double occupancy.
Price is per person for adults.
Price is per person in economy cabin.
Price is per person per night, and is subject to change.
Price is per person regardless of individual or tandum flying.
Price is per person subject to availability.
Price is per person twin share from Brisbane.
Price is per person, approx.
Price is per person, based on double occupancy and availability, and subject to change.
Price is per person, based on double occupancy and availability.
Price is per person, based on double occupancy and one night stay.
Price is per person, based on double occupancy rate sharing a twin bed room.
Price is per person, based on double occupancy.
Price is per person, Based on double occupancy.
Price is per person, based on four people sharing a studio.
Price is per person, based on two persons sharing a room.
Price is per person, double occupancy, cruise only and includes port charges.
Price is per person, double occupancy.
Price is per person, Double occupancy.
Price is per person, per day, based on double occupancy.
Price is per person, per package.
Price is per person, plus sales tax, and a service charge.
Price is per person, plus tax, based on double occupancy.
Price is per person, tax is included.
Price is per person.
Price is per pin.
Price is per print.
Price is per product selection and includes all platter.
Price is per room, double occupancy.
Price is per room, per night.
Price is per server.
Price is per session.
Price is per sheet.
Price is per side housing - three required per engine.
Price is per sleeve of three balls.
Price is per slide.
Price is per spoon.
Price is per sq.
Price is per square foot.
Price is per state checked.
Price is per stone.
Price is per surface - four required per engine.
Price is per system regardless of the number of items installed.
Price is per taxi rather than per person.
Price is per teacher.
Price is per test.
Price is per unit per night.
Price is per yard.
Price is perfect.
Price is per-foot.
Price is perhaps the biggest factor.
Price is perhaps the most defining factor.
Price is perhaps the most obvious barrier to viewing information.
Price is per-statue.
Price is plus freight charges.
Price is pretty steep.
Price is price per acre in dollars and cents.
Price is price per foot.
Price is purely a matter of timing.
Price is put on the vertical axis and quantity on the horizontal axis.
Price is quite expensive compared but they damn good.
Price is quite reasonable.
Price is quoted based on complexity.
Price is quoted on application and quantity.
Price is quoted per scenario.
Price is quoted per square foot.
Price is quoted per trip, one way.
Price is quoted upon request.
Price is REAL reasonable.
Price is really a relative thing.
Price is really down.
Price is reasonable and fairly easy to get a tee time.
Price is reasonable compared to similar product pricing.
Price is reasonable.
Price is recorded as price at next market open after selection in newsletter.
Price is reduced based on time and amount and type of product provided.
Price is reduced, too.
Price is regarded as an index of quality.
Price is regressed on variables related both to the buyer and to the child.
Price is relative to the perception that one has in regards to the product or service provided.
Price is relative.
Price is relatively unimportant to most consumers.
Price is reported at the market average butterfat test.
Price is right - it's free.
Price is right all the way around.
Price is Right' cohorts.
Price is right MORE NEWS on ethical arms sales.
Price is right too.
Price is right, rugged bike.
Price is right, too.
Price is right.
Price is Right.
Price Is Right.
Price is run of network.
Price is same as above sauna.
Price is same as regular stays.
Price is same for both.
Price is same.
Price is seasonal - generally falling slightly for the summer.
Price is seasonal and currently rising for the summer.
Price is second on the team with eight goals for the season.
Price is secondary to availability.
Price is secondary to condition and topic.
Price is secondary.
Price is secret.
Price is set annually.
Price is set based on scope and budget.
Price is set by the hotel and includes meal, hotel gratuity and tax.
Price is set by the market at the mid-point of the spread in the primary market.
Price is set by the wholesaler and is based on national supply and demand.
Price is set differently in Scotland.
Price is set in the world oil markets, supply and demand.
Price is set per organization .
Price is set per physical location or site .
Price is set with deposit, otherwise is subject to change at any time.
Price is shown and a shopping cart icon is shown.
Price is shown in italics following description.
Price is simply a number indicating change alone.
Price is simply what is paid for the sign.
Price is singularly the most important aspect of selling any home.
Price is six shots behind the leaders entering the weekend.
Price is slightly higher due to the addition of comfortable foam grips.
Price is slightly higher.
Price is somewhat higher than the alternatives.
Price is somewhat negotiable and can be paid in installments.
Price is stable and quantity decreases.
Price is still a key factor.
Price is still a major setback.
Price is still in Jerusalem, working as a journalist for various outlets.
Price is Still the same.
Price is subject to availability and can change without notice.
Price is subject to availability.
Price is subject to change .
Price is subject to change a little.
Price is subject to change and listing withdrawn without notice.
Price is subject to change and space subject to availability until time of booking.
Price is subject to change at any time.
Price is subject to change depending on the currency exchange rate and total program enrollment.
Price is subject to change depending on the exchange rate.
Price is subject to change due to rates of exchange, etc.
Price is subject to change for special luncheons.
Price is subject to change without notice.
Price is subject to change without prior notice.
Price is subject to change, availability and confirmation.
Price is subject to change.
Price is subject to confirmation by publisher.
Price is subject to downward negotiation.
Price is subject to negotiaton upon cash payment.
Price is subject to number of people, number of days - Nights and type of activity.
Price is subject to number of pieces and type of work.
Price is subjected to change without prior notice.
Price is substantially less when database resources are shared with other stores in a mall.
Price is suggested retail price per pound.
Price is ten cents per page plus ten cents for each foldout chart, map, or figure.
Price is tentative .
Price is that other quantity of goods.
Price is the amount paid.
Price is the amount that provider charges the payer, which includes cost and profit.
Price is the appraisal put to proof.
Price is the big issue here.
Price is the biggest difference.
Price is the biggest hindrance.
Price is the biggest improvement.
Price is the bottom-line indicator of the effects of technology.
Price is the chief arbitrator of a sale in paging.
Price is the completion of the equation.
Price is the consensus of opinion in a single moment.
Price is the cost of the kits.
Price is the drawback.
Price is the driver.
Price is the easiest to quantify, but even here there are things to consider.
Price is the easist to address.
Price is the established value of the bride.
Price is the estimated average, based on a national survey.
Price is the estimated national average.
Price is the estimated or suggested retail price for each product.
Price is the estimated U.S. retail selling price.
Price is the fair market value one is asking for, to acquire goods or services.
Price is the first consideration in any sale.
Price is the first priority.
Price is the first problem.
Price is the full amount charged by a college for tuition, fees and room and board.
Price is the guy grading the film.
Price is the indicator of the condition and collectability of the paperbacks.
Price is the information on consumer and producer agreement.
Price is the key to the sale.
Price is the main consideration in a vehicle purchase.
Price is the main criterium for hospitals on buying medical equipment from suppliers.
Price is the main factor considered by most potential buyers of medical equipment.
Price is the main factor considered by most potential buyers.
Price is the main factor driving the market.
Price is the main issue.
Price is the main reason customers buy direct from manufacturers.
Price is the major competitive factor of a generic product.
Price is the major factor.
Price is the mechanism that allocates scarce resources in any economic system.
Price is the most important element of success in the options game.
Price is the most important issue to be discussed on a listing presentation.
Price is the most important purchasing criterion and time is a luxury item.
Price is the net price received by the seller.
Price is the number one factor in the sale of a home.
Price is the number one factor that most home buyers use in determining which homes to view.
Price is the number one factor that most homebuyers use in determining which homes to view.
Price is the number one factor.
Price is the number one purchasing criteria.
Price is the numerator, while square feet is the denominator.
Price is the only current collegiate swimmer of the top five sprinters.
Price is the only factor that can make up deficiencies in the other two.
Price is the only important difference between lots.
Price is the only one of the four suspects who has been released on bond.
Price is the other.
Price is the owner of the gallery and is a comic book enthusiast.
Price is the price of beef and is measured in dollars per pound.
Price is the primary determining point among bidders meeting specifications.
Price is the primary reason for the increasing popularity of manufactured homes.
Price is the problem.
Price is the same as a taxi.
Price is the same as above.
Price is the same as buying in the store in Germany.
Price is the same as for black matrix.
Price is the same as the fancier rosette.
Price is the same as the standard versions.
Price is the same for AES members and non-members.
Price is the same for all ages.
Price is the same for either option.
Price is the same for either version.
Price is the same no matter how many people are in the room.
Price is the same way.
Price is the same.
Price is the single-most limiting factor with EVs.
Price is the third consideration.
Price is the way in which manufacturing resources are allocated.
Price is therefore difficult to predict.
Price is three pounds.
Price is to be agreed upon beforehand.
Price is to be announced.
Price is to be commended for writing with energy and enthusiasm about a neglected body of material.
Price is to be negotiated.
Price is to cover net weight of material, unless otherwise agreed.
Price is too high.
Price is too low.
Price is turn-key installation, individual quote.
Price is turnkey.
Price is typically the determining factor in making a purchase.
Price is unaffordable.
Price is unbeatable.
Price is unbelievable- quality amazing.
Price is undetermined and flexible.
Price is unknown.
Price is used as a constraint on customer choices throughout the process.
Price is usually a bit more expensive then a similar flight to Guatemala city.
Price is usually a good indicator of quality.
Price is usually a marketing issue rather than a technical concept.
Price is usually a top concern of the online audience of a commercial or corporate Web site.
Price is usually below futures price.
Price is usually higher under the oligopoly market.
Price is usually the first and foremost issue for SMEs when IT purchases are considered.
Price is usually the least of their worries.
Price is usually the most negotiable element in any deal.
Price is valid for travel dates as indicated and special offers are reflected in rate shown.
Price is value listed on tax stamps.
Price is variable according to garment choice, number of colors, quantity ordered, etc.
Price is variable, depending on the condition of the mini.
Price is very affordable.
Price is very competitive.
Price is very expensive.
Price is very good for such quality and beauty.
Price is very important in consumer products.
Price is very important to sellers, but it is only one piece of the offer.
Price is very important.
Price is very negotiable.
Price is very reasonable and two guys who live there are very cool.
Price is very reasonable.
Price is very very affordable.
Price is way under book value.
Price is what the work of art brings at an auction, for example, compared to the pre-sale estimate.
Price is where the similarity ends, however.
Price is with tools.
Price is wonderful in it as usual.
Price is written in upper right hand corner.
Price is yet to be announced.
Price is yet to be determined.
Price is, of course, a major consideration, because major renovations are always necessary.
Price is, of course, no measure of quality or value.
Price is, unfortunately, Very much an issue.
Price isa expenditure.
Price keeps an old newspaper article lovingly sealed in plastic.
Price knows that as well as anyone.
Price knows that there's a long-term benefit from Trips for Kids rides.
Price knows the marketplace.
Price leads to volumes.
Price Let's start with price.
Price listed above is for Illinois search only.
Price listed below are inclusive of Airmail postal charges.
Price listed here includes discount.
Price listed includes all shipping and handling charges.
Price listed includes the discount.
Price listed is a minimum advertised price.
Price listed is a per unit price.
Price listed is an estimated U.S. retail selling price.
Price listed is based on cash payment.
Price listed is based on seasonal rate and is subject to change.
Price listed is for each fish.
Price listed is for ladder sold separately.
Price listed is for printed copies.
Price listed is for signed print only.
Price listed is for the pair.
Price listed is per dozen.
Price listed is per person based on double occupancy.
Price listed is per person, main cabin, based on twin share.
Price listed is per person, per night, double occupancy.
Price listed is per person.
Price listed is per ticket.
Price listed is the base cost for a triple share.
Price listed is the current or most recent for that title, and is subject to change.
Price listed reflects Big Discounts.
Price listed reflects discount.
Price listed reflects discounted price.
Price lives in New York City.
Price makes an impressive case for the reality of advanced action.
Price makes it clear that it was loved by the men and women who built it and flew it.
Price mandates regional co-operation and consideration of consortial purchases.
Price Match good on Military items only.
Price matters less than ease of use and convenience.
Price means the total price including shipping.
Price mentioned is based on an inside cabin.
Price narrates the cartoon, which won two awards at the Chicago Film Festival.
Price needs to be found out.
Price needs to feel comfortable here.
Price needs to reflect opp.
Price needs to very reasonable.
Price offers an unequaled opportunity for experiencing the variety of Utah's natural wonders.
Price only comes with silver piping.
Price penetrating a trendline is only part of the picture.
Price plays a big part where students choose to live.
Price plays a minor role in the decision.
Price plays a role in selection.
Price quoted above includes host family placement, monitoring and insurance.
Price quoted are nightly rates.
Price quoted does include shipping.
Price quoted herein are exclusive of consumption tax.
Price quoted includes installation and sea trials prior to shipping.
Price quoted includes water and sewer.
Price quoted is basic rate.
Price quoted is for any color or colors.
Price quoted is for one time usage.
Price quoted is for Out of State shipments.
Price quoted is for text link.
Price quoted is per bracelet.
Price quoted is per face drawn.
Price quoted is per hour.
Price rallies into a first high, reverses and then pulls back to form the left side of the cup.
Price ranges according to the districts and type of cuisine.
Price ranges between families can overlap, though.
Price ranges for all budgets.
Price ranges for items shown included.
Price ranges for photographers vary dramatically.
Price ranges from Rs.
Price ranges in Napa Valley are varied.
Price ranges in the following list refer to an average meal for one, including alcoholic beverages.
Price ranges shown above include all applicable tax and shipping.
Price ranges, and extremes in price are smoothed in a way by using trendlines.
Price ranges, parts avail. etc.
Price ranks at number seven or eight, if it comes up at all in the surveys.
Price reaches the high for the third time and breaks out.
Price recommends sending a letter to customers and prospects two months prior to the show.
Price refers to marketers' tailoring of prices to fit the target consumer group.
Price refers to pre-paid annual personal account.
Price refers to the price per person per night.
Price reflect shoulder season rates.
Price reflects a monthly billing cycle.
Price reflects a repaired value -repairs to include interior and exterior paint and new carpet.
Price reflects a stock sale.
Price reflects actual qulting labor charges only.
Price reflects cash discount and volume purchases.
Price reflects cash discount. .
Price reflects condition.
Price reflects conditon.
Price reflects cost of each map.
Price reflects damage.
Price reflects land, building and all inventory.
Price reflects left mirror.
Price reflects left teapot.
Price reflects minimal scratches present on bowl.
Price reflects Passport America discount.
Price reflects pillow on right.
Price reflects program discount.
Price reflects seller motivation.
Price reflects the condition of the item.
Price reflects the condition.
Price reflects the defect.
Price reflects the fact that the chain is missing.
Price reflects the level of change in investors attitudes.
Price reflects the paint wear.
Price reflects the repair.
Price remains a barrier.
Price remains a hurdle for most people.
Price remains an issue.
Price remains constant for the duration of the auction.
Price remains high.
Price remains the same.
Price remains unchanged.
Price remains, however, a crucial determinant in purchasing decisions.
Price represents minimum cost.
Price represents one hour of custom work.
Price represents two hours of custom work.
Price resides in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Price rises in carnival week, with private bath, dining room, bar.
Price rises with the number of stars.
Price rises with the number.
Price says a lot of the Asian music works wonders for blood pressure and stress.
Price says a major problem is roaming pets.
Price says it's wise to consider the neighborhood when planning a wildlife-friendly garden.
Price says no transgenic fish are currently reared in netpens.
Price says the idea has caught on.
Price says the scarf is an irreplaceable reflection of the city's beauty.
Price says very long-lasting oil.
Price seems similar.
Price seems to be keyed on the supply side right now.
Price seems to be no object in Silicon Valley, however.
Price seems to be reasonable too.
Price seems to be rising with each house.
Price seems to be the number one reason clubs are making the choice.
Price sells duds, sometimes.
Price sharply increases, quantity rises only slightly.
Price shown at right is per stone.
Price shown below is for members only.
Price shown for tape is per roll.
Price shown includes shipping.
Price shown includes tax and markup .
Price shown is base price.
Price shown is blank.
Price shown is for a single duplicate.
Price shown is for albs without hoods.
Price shown is for all sizes.
Price shown is for both sizes.
Price shown is for each additional user.
Price shown is for each individual user.
Price shown is for entertainment - packages including accommodation are also available.
Price shown is for kitchen towel.
Price shown is for one boxed trivet.
Price shown is for one dozen whistles.
Price shown is for owner-builders.
Price shown is for queen, e-mail for price of full or king.
Price shown is for standard sham.
Price shown is for the single treadle - similar savings on the double treadle.
Price shown is for three scorebooks.
Price shown is for tumbler.
Price shown is for twin sheet set.
Price shown is for twin size sheet set.
Price shown is for twin size.
Price shown is for two cartridges.
Price shown is for.
Price shown is good while supply lasts.
Price shown is monthly cost with our yearly billing option.
Price shown is per card.
Price shown is per color.
Price shown is per each speaker.
Price shown is per gemstone.
Price shown is per issue.
Price shown is per month .
Price shown is per pair.
Price shown is per piece.
Price shown is per roll.
Price shown is per sheet.
Price shown is the regular price.
Price shown on the site are subject to changes without notice.
Price shows patterns from all over the world.
Price sits still as friction reaches a boiling point.
Price sounds good.
Price speaks regularly to investment audiences nationwide.
Price stands out the most.
Price stay till a male or went antelope valley college.
Price steps up from the assistant director's position.
Price still drives the effective demand for our product.
Price Stop deliberating.
Price suddenly matters.
Price suddenly steps into the camera shot during a suspenseful scene.
Price suggests a more aggressive approach.
Price supports .
Price supports for milk have several consequences.
Price supports simply prolong the problem and discourage the search for a real solution.
Price takes into account the motivating factors.
Price takes over the program after serving as an assistant coach last season.
Price teach across many death and bleed berkshire on-line.
Price teach across many death and bleed leather barn jacket.
Price teach across many death and bleed women's hair clip.
Price tends to move away from an entry point as a function of time .
Price tends to move away from an entry point as a function of time.
Price tends to overlook or ignore the contradictions in American society.
Price then mentions the role of the instructor.
Price then turns to the greatest mystery of modern physics, the meaning of quantum theory.
Price therefore reflects liquidity and term of investment.
Price thinks that long ago, more big deer came from northern Minnesota than the farm country.
Price though is often times quite favorable.
Price typically ranks near the bottom as a reason to buy.
Price understands the game and was a top recruit out of high school.
Price urges a narrow interpretation of the phrase while the State urges a broader interpretation.
Price uses straight-line depreciation.
Price uses the term design sense .
Price varies according to aircraft make, model, and mission requirements.
Price varies according to bandwidth and application features.
Price varies according to brand of pickup.
Price varies according to chosen medium and size.
Price varies according to date of departure.
Price varies according to distance travelled from central Auckland.
Price varies according to envelope size.
Price varies according to geography.
Price varies according to length of weight loss phase and level of medical supervision.
Price varies according to package.
Price varies according to patron status.
Price varies according to placement.
Price varies according to product complexity, duration, and level of specification.
Price varies according to quantity ordered.
Price varies according to search.
Price varies according to season.
Price varies according to selected content.
Price varies according to size of group and aircraft used.
Price varies according to size.
Price varies according to specials running.
Price varies according to the age of the purchaser.
Price varies according to the amount of detailing required.
Price varies according to the number of participating drivers.
Price varies according to the packaging and products ordered.
Price varies according to the pig weight.
Price varies according to the type and size of activity.
Price varies according to time of year, number of people in room and ages.
Price varies according to traffic.
Price varies according to type of hearing aid.
Price varies according to wedding budget.
Price varies according to where it is purchased.
Price varies according to work load, size, and condition of property.
Price varies approximately from Rs.
Price varies based on amount of space rented.
Price varies based on e-mail client.
Price varies based on group size and trip destination.
Price varies based on the date and time of the event.
Price varies based on the season of travel .
Price varies based on the season of travel.
Price varies based on total number of products in on-line catalog.
Price varies based on weight of item and spot price of gold.
Price varies between registrars.
Price varies by age and number of children.
Price varies by departure date.
Price varies by options below.
Price varies by restaurant.
Price varies by size.
Price varies by tour.
Price varies considerable depending on how much is offered.
Price varies depending on age and breed.
Price varies depending on article length.
Price varies depending on criteria, size of distribution, and type of mailing chosen.
Price varies depending on entertainment scheduled.
Price varies depending on fan choices.
Price varies depending on finish and options chosen.
Price varies depending on food served.
Price varies depending on frequency of use.
Price varies depending on how long the tape is.
Price varies depending on information contained on the coin, condition, metal content and supply.
Price varies depending on model and whether a riser card is needed.
Price varies depending on number of licenses requested.
Price varies depending on number of pages and amount of graphic design required.
Price varies depending on program material.
Price varies depending on quantity.
Price varies depending on room type and number of occupants.
Price varies depending on room, day and season.
Price varies depending on size, call for a quote.
Price varies depending on size, coating, painting, lettering logos etc.
Price varies depending on specification.
Price varies depending on the course.
Price varies depending on the exact number of people attending and specific expenses.
Price varies depending on the nature of the fabric.
Price varies depending on the number of seats and users.
Price varies depending on the number of side dishes.
Price varies depending on the number of stitches and garment.
Price varies depending on the number of users and modules.
Price varies depending on the pendant chosen.
Price varies depending on the power of the server running the software.
Price varies depending on the power of the Server.
Price varies depending on the restaurant and the number of persons involved.
Price varies depending on the size of the rooms.
Price varies depending on the speed of services the customer wants to buy.
Price varies depending on the task.
Price varies depending on the type of room and the days of play.
Price varies depending on time required.
Price varies depending on vocabulary size.
Price varies depending on what version is purchased.
Price varies depending upon prescription and options.
Price varies depending upon style, quantity and design.
Price varies depending upon volume.
Price varies due to promotional programs at times.
Price varies Etc.
Price varies for different package types and grades of each device.
Price varies for different volumes.
Price varies for features, power, speed, and design.
Price varies from country to country.
Price varies from different resellers.
Price varies from free up to thousands depending on level of support.
Price varies from state to state and dermatologist to dermatologist.
Price varies from year to year, depending upon size of the publication.
Price varies greatly depending on how close a house is to the water.
Price varies greatly, from a couple of dollars a yard on up, depending on the quality.
Price varies more by seasonal supply than by cultivar.
Price varies on each server.
Price varies on event evenings, some validation when dining.
Price varies on event evenings.
Price varies on event nights.
Price varies on finish, size, and quantity ordered.
Price varies on length of retreat and if transportation to the mountain is provided.
Price varies on program.
Price varies on size and complexity of the banner.
Price varies on size and condition.
Price varies on the size of band, difficulty of the drill and number of drill pages.
Price varies on the time required for custom design.
Price varies per block based on amount of thread used in applique.
Price varies per program.
Price varies state to state.
Price varies upon commitment.
Price varies upon configuration.
Price varies upon size of group.
Price varies with add-ins.
Price varies with category of hotel chosen.
Price varies with choice of options.
Price varies with club.
Price varies with completion.
Price varies with complexity.
Price varies with film type.
Price varies with group size and individuals are welcome.
Price varies with individual event.
Price varies with level and timeframe.
Price varies with model.
Price varies with number of copies.
Price varies with options selected.
Price varies with quantity.
Price varies with request.
Price varies with scope of request.
Price varies with size and type of rod.
Price varies with speed, installation and line providers.
Price varies with style getting less expensive as the style gets bigger.
Price varies with system purchase.
Price varies with the coverage desired.
Price varies with the length of time.
Price varies with the number of cards per mat.
Price varies with the number of users.
Price varies with the page.
Price varies with the size and complexity of carving.
Price varies with time of meal and age of the diner.
Price varies with trip.
Price varies with type of candy.
Price varies with unit size and time of year.
Price varies with use.
Price varies, depending on the length of the cables.
Price varies, depending on the subscription period and depth of the service.
Price varies, please call.
Price vary according to number and options.
Price vary from moderate to expensive.
Price wants to explain why entropy was ever low in the first place.
Price Watch great place to compare hardware prices.
Price wins another title.
Price works that field admirably and the harvest is abundant.
Prices above are for domestic deliveries to USA and Canada only.
Prices above are for preregistered attendees.
Prices above are for single office subscriptions.
Prices above are for single-user versions.
Prices above are for softcover editions.
Prices above are for the product only - shipping charges are additional.
Prices above are last known prices.
Prices above are per golfer.
Prices above are per person.
Prices above are per unit.
Prices above are subject to change without prior notice.
Prices above are subject to the current prices of stock on hand.
Prices above are to be used as a guide only.
Prices above are U.S. list prices.
Prices above refer to all flavors and types of the products listed unless they are non-dairy.
Prices above reflect on line orders only.
Prices above show a sanded finish only.
Prices accelerate to the downside and more and more people begin to liquidate their holdings.
Prices accommodate singles, couples, families and groups.
Prices accommodate the single guest as well as families or groups.
Prices act as a rationing mechanism.
Prices adjust slowly and as they do, output and employment typically fall.
Prices adjust with season.
Prices advance nicely to the upper channel return line.
Prices affect the distribution of income.
Prices again vary depending on the audience size and the time of day.
Prices allocate the temporary long-jam in the telephony system.
Prices already reflect markdowns.
Prices also apply for pre and post conference stay.
Prices also are lower.
Prices also bring markets into balance.
Prices also depend on fruit appearance.
Prices also determine what types and quantities of resources are used in production.
Prices also drop from competition among similar products and as manufacturing techniques improve.
Prices also drop sharply with the forecast of even scattered rainfall in Brazil.
Prices also exclude smog and finance charges if applicable.
Prices also fluctuate according to time of year.
Prices also fluctuate with supply and demand.
Prices also have to be flagged from the start with a currency to show good practice.
Prices also includes VAT and delivery within the UK mainland Only.
Prices also increase if music is playing.
Prices also look to be steady for the winter months barring any storms.
Prices also make quick moves between energy states.
Prices also motivate suppliers to respond to the interests of others.
Prices also range from the modest to the upper end.
Prices also range from very expensive to very economical.
Prices also reflect condition.
Prices also reflect the benefits a driver receives from a trip.
Prices also respond to the demand for and stock of money.
Prices also rise as the cabin gets closer to the top deck.
Prices also serve as a gatekeeping function.
Prices also subject to change without notice.
Prices also tend to reflect the convenient access to high-end resorts.
Prices also vary according to time and day of play.
Prices also vary according to whether the local produce tax.
Prices also vary by collector interest.
Prices also vary by room features including ocean views.
Prices also vary depending on the line.
Prices also vary depending on the network utilization set by the partner.
Prices also vary depending on the style of the exhibit.
Prices also vary from city to city and by season.
Prices also vary from workshop to workshop.
Prices also vary in different parts of the country and from doctor to doctor.
Prices also vary on other fees such as activation and long distance calling fees.
Prices also vary slightly depending upon the chip packaging.
Prices also vary with local supply and labor rates.
Prices also vary with the number of databases and the geographic coverage the user needs.
Prices also vary.
Prices alter for the new year, etc.
Prices appear to be competitive with what is available via the Internet.
Prices appear to be eternally rising to preposterous heights.
Prices appear to be influenced in part by the cropping season.
Prices appear to be low enough for now.
Prices appear to be mostly steady at the retail level.
Prices appear to be negotiable.
Prices appear to be stable from last year.
Prices appear very competitive, perhaps less than taxis.
Prices appearing here are subject to change at any time and are subject to availability.
Prices appearing here are subject to change without notice and are subject to product availability.
Prices apply for both film and video.
Prices apply for both mono and colour.
Prices apply for in stock tents while available.
Prices apply only in the United States, Canada, and Mexico and are subject to change without notice.
Prices apply only to airBaltic direct flights.
Prices apply per job or hourly shop rate.
Prices apply to academic personnel or institutions only.
Prices apply to all control training and process training.
Prices apply to all resident, full-time students for fall and spring semesters.
Prices apply to both print and online use.
Prices apply to geographically distinct institutions, such as a single campus of a university.
Prices apply to in stock items only.
Prices apply to most application and models.
Prices apply to new bookings only.
Prices apply to online orders only.
Prices apply to orders filled from our Washington office and are suggested U.S. retail.
Prices apply to pre-wired homes only.
Prices apply to specific items listed.
Prices apply to stock on hand at date of catalogue issue.
Prices apply to U.S. only.
Prices apply to UK customers.
Prices apply to web mail and phone orders only.
Prices apply to white or colored cloths.
Prices apply upon renewal for existing contracts.
Prices apply within Australia and New Zealand and include postage and handling.
Prices approximate prices for similar sizes below.
Prices arc based on rank and are per child.
Prices are a bit dear, but the food is awesome and on HUGE plates.
Prices are a bit high, but nothing like in Germany.
Prices are a bit high, but the selection is very specialized.
Prices are a bit high, though.
Prices are a bit higher at night.
Prices are a bit higher than average.
Prices are a bit higher than some, but good selection.
Prices are a bit odd.
Prices are a bit on the high side, but reasonable for the location and the quality.
Prices are a bit on the inflated side.
Prices are a bit steep though.
Prices are a bit too steep.
Prices are a consequence of the distribution of property rights that underlie market exchange.
Prices are a function of quality, distinction and rarity.
Prices are a good relative guide.
Prices are a joke.
Prices are a la carte, and entrees are steep.
Prices are a la carte.
Prices are a little cheaper than the E's neighbors, too.
Prices are a little high at dinner.
Prices are a little high but the protions are huge.
Prices are a little high for used titles.
Prices are a little high.
Prices are a little higher on almost all items at dinner.
Prices are a little higher than at other places, but so is the quality.
Prices are a little higher than stateside, especially when it comes to snack foods.
Prices are a little higher, though still fairly good.
Prices are a little on the expensive side.
Prices are a little on the high side, but the portions are generally large.
Prices are a little stronger than last year's.
Prices are a lot cheaper than they used to be.
Prices are a main determinant in the decision and are estimated for the future.
Prices are a pair.
Prices are a per day rate for local rivers only.
Prices are a per day rate.
Prices are a per treatment cost.
Prices are a pleasant surprise as well.
Prices are a product of supply and demand.
Prices are a shade higher as compared to the city prices.
Prices are able to be kept low due to the automated nature of the internet.
Prices are about a buck cheaper from the take out menu.
Prices are about average for Austin.
Prices are about average for Japanese food.
Prices are about average for shampoo here.
Prices are about average, and the site is quick to load.
Prices are about double suggested retail, a standard cigar-bar markup.
Prices are about half what catalogues charge.
Prices are about the same as last year's.
Prices are about the same as other specialty dried meals.
Prices are about the same as the rifles.
Prices are about the same in both communities.
Prices are about the same, living exspenses are about the same.
Prices are about the same.
Prices are about twice as high as in Georgetown.
Prices are above.
Prices are accessible online for every particular database.
Prices are according to color, size and quality.
Prices are according to selection.
Prices are according to the current price list, which is available on request.
Prices are according to the size and complexity of the subject and traveling distance.
Prices are accurate as of above Last Updated date.
Prices are accurate at the time of publication and are subject to change.
Prices are actually below support levels.
Prices are actually quite good as well.
Prices are additive.
Prices are affordable and built by a professional web developer here in Hawaii.
Prices are affordable and terms can be arranged.
Prices are affordable and the selection is diverse.
Prices are affordable and the shop features some excellent vintage clothing.
Prices are affordable and the town providessufficient nightlife.
Prices are affordable and tourists get a tax refund.
Prices are affordable and workmanship is of the highest quality.
Prices are affordable for everyone.
Prices are affordable, and many establishments have Gringo or European owners.
Prices are affordable, and the atmosphere is relaxed.
Prices are affordable, trade-in options attractive.
Prices are affordable.
Prices are after discounts.
Prices are airfare only and subject to change without prior notice.
Prices are airfare only.
Prices are all in American dollars, but fairly cheap.
Prices are all in American dollars.
Prices are all in cents and in order of highest, lowest and average.
Prices are all in line and the service is exceptional .
Prices are all inclusive and there is no insurance excess.
Prices are all inclusive except for evening meals which are taken ashore when in port.
Prices are all inclusive from Anchorage.
Prices are all inclusive of software, hardware, and data transfer.
Prices are all inclusive, no extra charge applicable.
Prices are all inclusive.
Prices are All Inclusive.
Prices are all on a per-person basis.
Prices are all on the each page and correct.
Prices are all open to bargaining.
Prices are all over the bar-hopping map.
Prices are all over the map so just browse.
Prices are all over the map, based on quantity.
Prices are all over the map.
Prices are all subject to review and negotiation.
Prices are all very reasonable.
Prices are all with frames .
Prices are all-inclusive from the departure city.
Prices are all-inclusive of taxes, gas, tolls, one large bag and one small bag per passenger.
Prices are almost at a constant state of inflation, and job security perpetually wavers.
Prices are almost identical to the U.S. which makes it convenient to buy here instead of importing.
Prices are almost same as on the spot one.
Prices are already higher in the grocery store.
Prices are already in the ionosphere in Vancouver.
Prices are already so high here for rent and other things.
Prices are also a bit too high to appeal to families.
Prices are also a click away - check the list on the left.
Prices are also about the same.
Prices are also an accurate indicator of how a service operates.
Prices are also available for other academic institutions, and to commercial users on application.
Prices are also available on a wide range of horticultural reference books.
Prices are also available upon request.
Prices are also different for the packages.
Prices are also down on the large flat mabe pearls.
Prices are also easy to handle.
Prices are also expensive for communication services.
Prices are also incredibly high for a handheld.
Prices are also likely to decline as competition increases.
Prices are also on the rise.
Prices are also still to be determined.
Prices are also subject to change pending receipt of a signed contract.
Prices are also subject to change without notice.
Prices are also subject to change.
Prices are also subject to seasonal changes.
Prices are also very high.
Prices are also very nice.
Prices are also very reasonable.
Prices are always changing, please use the publish prices as a guide only.
Prices are always competitive and frequently cheapest on campus.
Prices are always current and they are direct from the sellers.
Prices are always immediately available to the user and can be printed or downloaded.
Prices are always less expensive.
Prices are always negotiable.
Prices are always out of date, of course.
Prices are always retail rate and often specials are available.
Prices are always subject to adjustments, so contact TEAM for the latest cost information.
Prices are always subject to change at any time without notice.
Prices are always subject to change due to suppliers, exchange rates and availability.
Prices are always subject to change until fully paid and ticketed.
Prices are always subject to change until payment is applied.
Prices are always subject to change without notice.
Prices are always subject to change.
Prices are amazing considering the generous size of the portions.
Prices are among the best in the country and the quality is excellent.
Prices are among the lowest in Europe.
Prices are an approximate guide only.
Prices are an indication only.
Prices are another issue.
Prices are applicable in the United States only.
Prices are applicable to uk residents only.
Prices are appoximates.
Prices are appropriate.
Prices are approx.
Prices are approximate - Follow the link for the most recent price.
Prices are approximate and are subject to change.
Prices are approximate and based on common asking prices from individuals and shops.
Prices are approximate and refer to single rooms per person per night.
Prices are approximate and subject to change without notice.
Prices are approximate and subject to change.
Prices are approximate and vary daily.
Prices are approximate as the seasons' dates vary for each charter company.
Prices are approximate retail selling price.
Prices are approximate retail.
Prices are approximate, and don t include shipping.
Prices are approximate, and vary depending on optional equiptment requested.
Prices are approximate.
Prices are approximations only and merely represent the estimated value of a used car.
Prices are aprox.
Prices are are valid as shown.
Prices are arithmetic averages with suspiciously high or low prices excluded.
Prices are as at the date of review.
Prices are as current as they can be.
Prices are as flat as they have been for a little while.
Prices are as followed.
Prices are as follows for a TWO color process.
Prices are as follows.
Prices are as indicated in the course description.
Prices are as indicated.
Prices are as listed and include shipping and insurance in the United States.
Prices are as listed or as they appear on the menu at the time of the event.
Prices are as listed.
Prices are as low as ever.
Prices are as low as possible.
Prices are as low.
Prices are as marked or lower.
Prices are as marked, no rain checks or backorders.
Prices are as marked.
Prices are as noted.
Prices are as of date shown.
Prices are as per proforma invoice.
Prices are as reasonable as they come.
Prices are as shown above.
Prices are as shown in our price list, plus a delivery charge as listed in the next section.
Prices are as shown on the website.
Prices are as stated.
Prices are As the Following.
Prices are as varied as the bakeries themselves.
Prices are assorted designs.
Prices are at all time lows for technology and there are hundreds of titles to choose from.
Prices are at an all-time low and the costs of production are higher than they ve ever been.
Prices are at correspondingly low levels.
Prices are at dealer and wholesale levels.
Prices are at our warehouse in Miami, Florida.
Prices are at record lows.
Prices are at standard contract rates.
Prices are at the bottom of the page.
Prices are at the lowest levels in the past decade, primarily as a result of lost export demand.
Prices are at their highest levels in recent history.
Prices are at their lowest, and the lobster's meat is full and firm inside the shell.
Prices are at very attractive levels so some investors took the chance and bought.
Prices are at very depressing levels.
Prices are attractive and an increasing number is available.
Prices are attractive, especially their sale items.
Prices are attractive.
Prices are Australian Dollars.
Prices are available are for everyone.
Prices are available at each product's page.
Prices are available at the time of inquiry.
Prices are available by completion of the pack request form below.
Prices are available by emailing the company in Korea.
Prices are available by fax upon request.
Prices are available by request.
Prices are available during consultation.
Prices are available early in the morning in keeping with retail investors' trading patterns.
Prices are available for annual, quarterly and monthly averages.
Prices are available for extra pieces, such as a chaise or sectional wedge.
Prices are available for larger or smaller families and any length of stay.
Prices are available for other academic institutions, and to commercial users on application.
Prices are available for the trip, minus the shows as well.
Prices are available from a short touristic guide which has been prepared by the organization.
Prices are available from clicking on the links above.
Prices are available from our print catalog or our online catalog .
Prices are available from the seller.
Prices are available here .
Prices are available in a complete catalogue.
Prices are available on a bid basis.
Prices are available on all vehicles listed.
Prices are available on application.
Prices are available on contact.
Prices are available on direct inquiry.
Prices are available on inquiry, with personal use being charged at reproduction costs.
Prices are available on request - please stipulate travel preferences.
Prices are available on request .
Prices are available on request and depend on duration and route.
Prices are available on request and depend on the yacht, type and duration of the expedition.
Prices are available on request and subject to confirmation with order.
Prices are available on request, subject to specifications and quantities.
Prices are available on request. .
Prices are available on request.
Prices are available on the individual party pages.
Prices are available on the Internet and many attractions are free.
Prices are available only on a first-come, first served basis.
Prices are available through the office.
Prices are available upon application.
Prices are available upon request and are based on dates and the number of people.
Prices are available upon request, by phone, fax or email.
Prices are available upon request.
Prices are available via email below.
Prices are availale upon request and vary by size, resolution, and medium.
Prices are availble only upon request.
Prices are average and subject to change.
Prices are average for a chain restaurant and the atmosphere is relaxed romance.
Prices are average, and new products can take ages to join the stock lists.
Prices are average, as is the selection of drinks.
Prices are average, with sale prices considerably lower.
Prices are average.
Prices are averages.
Prices are avilable on request.
Prices are base on market value and on individual work piece.
Prices are based on delivery in New York City harbor , the main cash market trading center .
Prices are based on delivery in New York City harbor, the main cash market trading center.
Prices are based on low season and high season supplements apply.
Prices are based on size of home, call for rates.
Prices are basement bargains, and quantity and freshness rate fairly high.
Prices are bases on advanced and prepaid charters.
Prices are basic packages and subject to change.
Prices are basically unchanged.
Prices are before tax and are subject to change without notice.
Prices are before tax, vary by outfitter and are subject to change without notice prior to booking.
Prices are before taxes and shipping.
Prices are below and are per person.
Prices are below list.
Prices are below moving averages and indicators are bearish but oversold a bit.
Prices are below the photo they relate to.
Prices are below.
Prices are best during off-peak periods.
Prices are better at the local mall.
Prices are better here, too.
Prices are better than chain and departmentstore prices.
Prices are better than fair, rooms are more than acceptable.
Prices are big.
Prices are big-city high.
Prices are both fair and competitive.
Prices are British pounds.
Prices are by and large lower.
Prices are by piece.
Prices are by region and state.
Prices are by sq.
Prices are by the day or month.
Prices are by the hour or a lump sum, but include all the supplies including gold.
Prices are by the piece, with the exception of large work, which is by the hour.
Prices are by the total number of persons per lesson.
Prices are Canadian dollars.
Prices are capacity controlled and subject to availability.
Prices are capacity controlled and subject to change at any time.
Prices are capacity controlled and subject to change.
Prices are capacity controlled.
Prices are certainly down to earth.
Prices are certainly reasonable.
Prices are cheap and service friendly.
Prices are cheap and the fashions are guaranteed to be extrodinary creations.
Prices are cheap as well.
Prices are cheap because upkeep is negligible.
Prices are cheap by local standards.
Prices are cheap for some drugs, and of coarse easily manageable.
Prices are cheap out here, but they practice capital punishment for homosexuality.
Prices are cheap too.
Prices are cheap, and the portions are large.
Prices are cheap, but that s where the advantages end.
Prices are cheap, too.
Prices are cheaper and there are some used books too.
Prices are cheaper for multiple occupants.
Prices are cheaper if one is located in a network area.
Prices are clearly much higher just across the state line.
Prices are close to the current market price.
Prices are closer to historic lows.
Prices are common to all color options.
Prices are comparable and delivery is very good.
Prices are comparable and service is great.
Prices are comparable to a mid-sized American city.
Prices are comparable to agencies who offer only to send messages.
Prices are comparable to brick and mortar boutiques and upscale catalogs.
Prices are comparable to chain restaurants, servings are decent.
Prices are comparable to fine dining in large cities.
Prices are comparable to labor charges for the garment.
Prices are comparable to neighborhood grocery stores.
Prices are comparable to other European cities of similar size.
Prices are comparable to other forms of massage.
Prices are comparable to pizzerias in any major metro area, with similar service as well.
Prices are comparable to standard designs.
Prices are comparable to that of other agencies who are only offering to send messages.
Prices are comparable to western.
Prices are comparable to what convenience stores charge.
Prices are comparable with office superstores.
Prices are comparable with standard field books.
Prices are comparable.
Prices are competetive, and the site is very user friendly.
Prices are competible and are direct from the producer.
Prices are competitive among the national chains.
Prices are competitive and always negotiable.
Prices are competitive and are often negotiable.
Prices are competitive and 'coffees of the month' are available at a discount.
Prices are competitive and consistent.
Prices are competitive and delivery free to most locations worldwide.
Prices are competitive and include shipping.
Prices are competitive and often advantageous.
Prices are competitive and often listed below factory-direct charges.
Prices are competitive and service is often very good.
Prices are competitive and shipping reasonable.
Prices are competitive and special orders can be taken.
Prices are competitive and vary with the fluctuating market.
Prices are competitive and very reasonable.
Prices are competitive for all tire and service work.
Prices are competitive for the quality offered.
Prices are competitive in larger urban areas.
Prices are competitive on both the latest hit movies and special premium events.
Prices are competitive prices and parts are shipped worldwide.
Prices are competitive to state-side prices.
Prices are competitive with any other caterer in the city.
Prices are competitive with even the largest shops and the service is unbeatable.
Prices are competitive with other child care centers in the area.
Prices are competitive with other leather clothing manufacturers.
Prices are competitive with other mail order companies in Canada.
Prices are competitive with other Silver City Mexican restaurants.
Prices are competitive with other venues.
Prices are competitive with the same titles in standard type, and satisfaction is guaranteed.
Prices are competitive, and delivery service is offered.
Prices are competitive, and security and customer service difficult to beat.
Prices are competitive, and they have a good selection.
Prices are competitive, especially for winter careening services.
Prices are competitive, judging from the marketing material.
Prices are competitive, often well below current book value.
Prices are competitive, please ask for a quote.
Prices are competitive, quality and service considered, year in and year out.
Prices are competitive.
Prices are considerably higher if reprints are ordered after the journal is printed.
Prices are considerably less when they can be found at Asian markets.
Prices are considerably lower against ones in trade-centers.
Prices are consistently about half of the replacement cost of optically comparable models.
Prices are consistently higher and the standard of living is consistently lower in such economies.
Prices are consistently lower than similar quality homes found in more metropolitan areas.
Prices are constant throughout the year.
Prices are contractual .
Prices are correct as at the date of publication but are subject to change without notice.
Prices are correct as at time of publishing and are subject to change without notice.
Prices are correct at date of posting and every effort is made to keep information current.
Prices are correct at press time, but subject to change.
Prices are correct at the time of going to press.
Prices are correct at the time of publishing and are subject to change without notice.
Prices are correct at the time of publishing subject to change without notice.
Prices are correct at time of collation.
Prices are correct at time of going live and all of the packages are subject to availability.
Prices are correct at time of going to press but are subject to change without notice.
Prices are correct at time of going to press.
Prices are correct at time of printing, but are subject to annual review.
Prices are correct at time of printing, however, are subject to change.
Prices are correct at time of printing.
Prices are correct at time of publication, but are subject to change.
Prices are correct at time of publishing and are subject to variation without notice.
Prices are correct at time of publishing.
Prices are correct at time of writing and are subject to fluctuation.
Prices are correct at time of writing, but are subject to change without notice.
Prices are correct for time of the year and number of travellers.
Prices are correct to the best of our knowledge.
Prices are correspondingly high.
Prices are correspondingly lower.
Prices are cost.
Prices are crazy.
Prices are cruise only, per person and based on double occupancy.
Prices are cruise only, per person, double occupancy.
Prices are current and are subject to change.
Prices are current and subject to change without any prior notice.
Prices are current and supercede previous listings.
Prices are current and supersede all earlier listings.
Prices are current as of document update and are subject to change without notice.
Prices are current as of today and are subject to change at any time without notice.
Prices are current at the time of posting, but are subject to change without notice.
Prices are current at the time of publication and are subject to change without notice.
Prices are current at the time of quotation.
Prices are current at time of posting.
Prices are current when the page is posted on the site.
Prices are current, but are subject to change without notice.
Prices are current.
Prices are currently as follows.
Prices are currently near the bottom of the range and continue to show weakness.
Prices are currently too high for Webpads to become a big consumer hit.
Prices are currently valid unless otherwise noted.
Prices are custom quoted based on a customer s environment and requirements.
Prices are decent and the food excellent at both.
Prices are decent, while service is friendly and English-speaking.
