Students receive instruction in literature, composition, mathematics and science.
Students receive instruction in literature, composition, mathematics, and science.
Students receive instruction in music, art, and physical education.
Students receive instruction in musical instruments such as the piano and the guitar.
Students receive instruction in physical, biological and social sciences.
Students receive instruction in several different legal specialty areas.
Students receive instruction in small and large groups, and on an individual basis.
Students receive instruction in study skills, math, computers, and personal development.
Students receive instruction in the basic curriculum which is enhanced through the arts.
Students receive instruction in the design of costumes, lighting and sets for their compositions.
Students receive instruction in the English sound system.
Students receive instruction in their area of giftedness in a variety of flexible and varied groups.
Students receive instruction in using the most current, high-tech, specialized equipment available.
Students receive instruction in using various fitness apparatus.
Students receive instruction in visual art, music, drama, and dance.
Students receive instruction on how to use equipment for their own class work and projects.
Students receive instruction on prewriting, structure, and development.
Students receive instruction on proper page layout and receive print materials on the topic.
Students receive instruction on ratio and proportion, basic operations.
Students receive instruction on responsible use issues before they are entitled to have access.
Students receive instruction on strategies in teaching and then tutor at local elementary schools.
Students receive instruction regarding monitoring and implementing legislative changes.
Students receive instruction that reflects the most current, proven practices in education.
Students receive instruction the first year on all types of light-duty vehicles.
Students receive instruction with qualified staff.
Students receive instruction, assignments and quizzes, delivered online.
Students receive instruction.
Students receive instructions for their specific living unit in the beginning of the school year.
Students receive instructions with qualified staff.
Students receive instructor manual, slide set and full transparencies.
Students receive intense cultural and language preparation before leaving on their assignments.
Students receive intense training in their concentration as well as a thorough academic education.
Students receive intensive applied training during practica and internship.
Students receive intensive classroom instruction on tax research methodology.
Students receive intensive German language instruction during the first three weeks of the program.
Students receive intensive help with weak areas.
Students receive intensive individual and group supervision of the counseling work.
Students receive intensive individual and group supervision of their counseling work.
Students receive intensive instruction in the fundamentals of business, finance, and economics.
Students receive intensive instructor led hands on training during the program.
Students receive intensive math, science, communications, and career awareness curricula.
Students receive intensive practical training in theatrical production.
Students receive intensive practice in the analysis of grammar and syntax.
Students receive intensive work experience related to their academic course work and career field.
Students receive intensive, individual one-hour lessons with their studio instructor every week.
Students receive interactive materials for home study for the six course modules.
Students receive interdisciplinary training with both a country and transregional focus.
Students receive international business experience at both the bachelors and masters levels.
Students receive international certification.
Students receive internship assignments and responsibilities at the orientation meeting.
Students receive internship credit and transcript notation.
Students receive internship credits for the projects.
Students receive intimate attention as they learn.
Students receive journals as part of the membership.
Students receive keyboard help from a music specialist.
Students receive kudos for achievements - Student awards showcase scholastic excellence.
Students receive laboratory credit for the hours worked.
Students receive laboratory training beginning with the very first week of classes.
Students receive language arts and math instruction in Spanish.
Students receive lectures and homework, and much of their laboratory work occurs out on the water.
Students receive lectures from museum scientists and guest speakers.
Students receive lessons from National Park rangers and naturalists.
Students receive letter grades and credit for completing courses, as with any college class.
Students receive letter grades and teacher and adviser comments four times a year.
Students receive letter grades beginning in third grade.
Students receive letter grades for every course in which they enroll.
Students receive library instruction each week.
Students receive lifetime job placement assistance.
Students receive lists as resources.
Students receive little or no clinical training on STDs.
Students receive lots of personal attention.
Students receive mail at the office, as well as notices of program activities.
Students receive mainly tutorial letters and study guides to supplement their prescribed material.
Students receive many hours of actual hands-on training.
Students receive materials needed to argue a hypothetical case before a panel of judges.
Students receive membership at a prorated cost.
Students receive membership cards as part of enrolment procedures.
Students receive membership recognition on their transcripts for each semester they are members.
Students receive mid-term and final evaluations related to each clinical objective.
Students receive mid-term reports between report cards, to help monitor progress.
Students receive military training before and after technical training is done.
Students receive military training one-day a week for two years.
Students receive minimum wage.
Students receive monthly awards and yearly trophies and medals.
Students receive monthly paychecks for the hours worked each month.
Students receive monthly stipends and free housing.
Students receive more individual attention and take on more independent work.
Students receive more individual attention.
Students receive more information on bridging courses during enrolment.
Students receive more information on bridging courses on Information Day and during enrolment.
Students receive more than a degree at community colleges.
Students receive most of their education in regular education classes.
Students receive much of their training from doctoral students in psychology.
Students receive music and gym classes twice a week and art once in a five-day period.
Students receive NO additional confirmation.
Students receive no credit and no grade for the registration.
Students receive no credit for auditing a course.
Students receive no credit for correspondence courses.
Students receive no credit for playing, but can receive monetary compensation.
Students receive no credits or grades in such courses.
Students receive no grade on a problem unless they write an explanation of how they solved it.
Students receive no monetary compensation when fulfilling clinical practice requirements.
Students receive no pay for shadowing experiences.
Students receive no profits in cash or produce during or after their term in residence.
Students receive no refunds after the seventh week of the term.
Students receive notice of any changes in the curriculum.
Students receive notice of dean's list recognition from the college registrar's office.
Students receive notice of meetings one week in advance.
Students receive notice of the exact time and place by separate memo.
Students receive notice of the networking schedule in their residence halls.
Students receive notices about overdue materials and unpaid fines each week in homerooms.
Students receive notification of awards once their financial aid file is complete.
Students receive notification of their eligibility in the fall of their senior year in high school.
Students receive notification through college calendars of registration dates.
Students receive numerous individual awards in both regional and state competitions.
Students receive numerous opportunity.
Students receive numerous solicitations for such services.
Students receive office referrals for more serious offenses.
Students receive official grade reports by mail two or three weeks after grades are due.
Students receive official grades for each of their courses.
Students receive one academic credit for participation in the program.
Students receive one activity point for each two chapters that they complete successfully.
Students receive one attendance credit for each event attended.
Students receive one blended mark for the whole block of courses.
Students receive one bowl of soup for dinner and a bagel for breakfast.
Students receive one complimentary tassel with their cap and gown.
Students receive one complimentary ticket.
Students receive one course credit.
Students receive one credit for each year they are in the class.
Students receive one credit for participating and being the group leader for one week's session.
Students receive one credit hour for every four hours of work.
Students receive one credit hour per semester.
Students receive one credit per work term.
Students receive one free lunch for every ten pre-paid lunches as a unit.
Students receive one full course credit after successful completion of the second semester.
Students receive one full credit for each course successfully completed in one term.
Students receive one grade for each term's course.
Students receive one grade for the entire group of courses.
Students receive one hour credit for participation in the group.
Students receive one hour credit for participation.
Students receive one hour credit per semester for participation.
Students receive one hour of academic credit for their participation.
Students receive one hour of course credit for every five hours a week of clinical work.
Students receive one hour of credit for participation.
Students receive one hour of credit for their participation.
Students receive one hour of small group instruction with frequent progress assessment.
Students receive one hour of tutoring per week for up to two courses.
Students receive one hour-long private lesson for each week that they are enrolled.
Students receive one on one and small group instruction in screenwriting.
Students receive one on one and small group instruction in screrenwriting.
Students receive one on one career counseling to begin the process of inner exploration.
Students receive one point for each message sent to the list.
Students receive one point for each question, and they can accumulate up to three points per class.
Students receive one quarter course credit per semester for membership in a performance ensemble.
Students receive one semester credit for their projects.
Students receive one to three credits depending on their level of participation in the performance.
Students receive one vote.
Students receive one year of teaching experience.
Students receive one-half unit of credit for each semester of an academic course.
Students receive ongoing feedback on professional skill development.
Students receive ongoing personal advisement.
Students receive ongoing training over the course of the semester.
Students receive on-going videotaped feedback to improve their professional skills.
Students receive only institutional credit for basic skills courses.
Students receive opportunity.
Students receive orientation sessions on the code during the first weeks of school.
Students receive parental permission to participate.
Students receive parenting education in addition to their regular classes.
Students receive partial credit for partially correct answers.
Students receive participation points for in-class writing exercises.
Students receive passing grades by merely attending classes.
Students receive patronage dividends, with no education why.
Students receive pay and all travel and living expenses are covered.
Students receive pay and travel costs for field training.
Students receive pay for some projects during the academic year.
Students receive pay for their work, but the real benefit is the on-the job experience.
Students receive pay from their employers during the internship as well as academic credit.
Students receive pay, room, and board while attending camp.
Students receive pay, travel allowance, and board and room while attending the camp.
Students receive pay, travel allowance, and room and board while attending the camp.
Students receive paychecks every two weeks for actual hours worked.
Students receive paychecks every two weeks for hours worked.
Students receive paychecks for work performed.
Students receive paychecks once per month for actual earnings.
Students receive payment by check once a month for the hours worked, verified and submitted.
Students receive payment for their work by their respective internship companies.
Students receive pencils and other incentives for positive behavior during the school year.
Students receive performance training from professionals in acting, voice, movement and mime.
Students receive permission to register from Honors.
Students receive personal attention and are assisted with the admission process.
Students receive personal attention and have easy access to professors and advisers.
Students receive personal attention and study in small class settings.
Students receive personal attention and writing assistance from start to finish .
Students receive personal attention from instructors both in and out of formal classes.
Students receive personal attention from well-qualified instructors.
Students receive personal attention in a challenging setting within the department.
Students receive personal attention on all their materials and assignments.
Students receive personal attention throughout the program from a team of experienced instructors.
Students receive personal attention.
Students receive personal instruction from a qualified instructor.
Students receive personal invitations to the after school academy classes.
Students receive personalized attention from faculty.
Students receive personalized attention from instructors.
Students receive personalized instruction in a friendly and relaxed classroom setting.
Students receive Ph.D. degrees and training in molecular and cellular biology.
Students receive physical education, art, music, and computer education.
Students receive placement assessment, individual advising and registration for semester courses.
Students receive placement assessment, individual advising, and registration for semester courses.
Students receive Planning papers for recording their work.
Students receive points based on how well they did on the test.
Students receive points based on the number of credits taken.
Students receive points for attendance that figure into the final course grade.
Students receive points for each class period they attend.
Students receive points for each positive behavior or interaction.
Students receive points for how well their partners' lists of events match the teacher's.
Students receive points for participating in class.
Students receive points for passing each quiz based on the length and difficulty of the book.
Students receive points for posting questions and answers.
Students receive points for reading selected books and passing computerized tests on what they read.
Students receive points for reading the book.
Students receive points for the books and test.
Students receive points throughout the day.
Students receive practical experience assessing physical fitness.
Students receive practical experience in collecting and interpreting folklore.
Students receive practical experience on modern computers and office equipment.
Students receive practical experiences in diagnosis and remediation of reading disabilities.
Students receive practical guidance in the creation of public relations messages and products.
Students receive practical training and experience in a variety of work settings.
Students receive practical training by the construction of a residential home each school year.
Students receive practical training, and internships are available to complement coursework.
Students receive practice experience in fields other than poverty law.
Students receive practice in administration, scoring, and interpretation of tests.
Students receive practice in writing various types of news stories.
Students receive preparation for advanced career positions in laboratory animal science.
Students receive preparation in a subject area beyond the minimum required for certification.
Students receive print product via mail.
Students receive printed course packets, and mail in their assignments.
Students receive printouts to study.
Students receive private lessons and seminar studies from the distinguished CSUS faculty.
Students receive private weekly lessons from the distinguished CSUS faculty.
Students receive private, individual lessons from native English-speaking teachers.
Students receive privileges through payment of quarterly registration fees.
Students receive prizes and have their artwork on public display.
Students receive proceeds from the Livestock Sale.
Students receive production theory and actual laboratory participation in program production.
Students receive professional academic instruction in a loving and caring environment.
Students receive professional training in an actual employment setting.
Students receive professional training in stage craft and building sets, scenery, and props.
Students receive professionally prepared training workbooks and maintenance manuals.
Students receive progress reports, and conferences are scheduled twice a year.
Students receive projects that are manageble but that also stretch their capabilities.
Students receive psychiatric and education services at the program.
Students receive quality daily physical education programs and participate in intramural sports.
Students receive quick feedback.
Students receive quiz results electronically.
Students receive randomly-assigned numbers, grouped by class year.
Students receive reading assignments before the class begins.
Students receive reading help from different mentors three or four times a week.
Students receive real world training and develop critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Students receive real-life prices from the major exchanges.
Students receive reasonable personal attention particularly after declaring a major.
Students receive recognition for exhibiting appropriate behaviors.
Students receive recognition for program participation in various ways.
Students receive recognition for the highest level course completed.
Students receive recognition for their successes in several ways.
Students receive recommendations from all the agencies and programs they work with.
Students receive reference and training documentation as part of the training fee.
Students receive registration materials upon admission.
Students receive regular college credit for distance learning classes.
Students receive regular feedback about their progress and are given helpful guidance along the way.
Students receive regular feedback on assignments.
Students receive regular feedback on written assignments via e-mail.
Students receive regular high school credits for all classes taken.
Students receive regular instruction in music appreciation and singing.
Students receive regular instruction in music, studio art, technology, and physical education.
Students receive regular letter grades for each semester completed.
Students receive regular recognition in their classrooms and in school-wide award assemblies.
Students receive regular updates on upcoming campus events and opportunities.
Students receive reinforcement of current skills, but the emphasis is on enrichment activities.
Students receive remuneration for work terms.
Students receive report card grades based on attendance.
Students receive report cards at the end of each nine-week period.
Students receive report cards at the end of each six-week period.
Students receive reports at midterm during the registration advising period.
Students receive requested assistance and have time to work on their homework.
Students receive research guidance and supervision from faculty advisors and graduate committees.
Students receive rewards for controlling themselves.
Students receive right education for themselves.
Students receive rigorous training in bookkeeping, accounting and related business subjects.
Students receive room and board, research expenses, and a stipend.
Students receive salaries and academic credit for their co-op experiences.
Students receive salary during training.
Students receive sample papers that demonstrate appropriate writing for particular courses.
Students receive scholarships for research.
Students receive school credit and pay for their work.
Students receive scores in each of four areas.
Students receive scores in each of three areas.
Students receive scores of advanced, proficient, partially proficient and unsatisfactory.
Students receive semi-monthly paychecks as they work.
Students receive separate credit for each course.
Students receive separate grades for course and clinical credits.
Students receive separate grades for each course.
Students receive sequence credit when they successfully complete both courses.
Students receive sequential instruction in all areas of art.
Students receive services each year throughout middle and high school.
Students receive several kinds of support for selecting courses.
Students receive several warnings about their overdue books before holds become effective.
Students receive significant laboratory training in their coursework.
Students receive similar knowledge but have less time to practice skills in the shop.
Students receive simulation results in the form of financial reports as shown below.
Students receive site availability.
Students receive six academic credits for participating.
Students receive six credit hours for acceptable projects.
Students receive six credits and a 'Pass' upon satisfactory completion of the course.
Students receive six credits for two studio courses.
Students receive six credits for what is known as the German Experience.
Students receive six hours credit.
Students receive six hours of instruction per day, five days per week, for eight weeks.
Students receive six semester hours of course credit.
Students receive six semester hours of credit.
Students receive six tickets in the primary distribution.
Students receive six units of credit for the seminar.
Students receive skills to facilitate entry into the world of work.
Students receive small group and individual instruction.
Students receive small group instruction each week during the course of the regular school day.
Students receive small group instruction from qualified instructors.
Students receive small group instruction in in-class or pullout models.
Students receive small group tutoring one hour after school twice a week.
Students receive snacks as appropriate during the one-half day sessions.
Students receive software for use in preparing for natural resource negotiations.
Students receive solid grounding in the traditional foundation areas of mathematics.
Students receive some assistance in obtaining part-time jobs and internships while in school.
Students receive some extensive commentary or individualized student reactions.
Students receive some initial individual sessions without charge per year.
Students receive some lessons in a small amphitheatre in an outdoor garden.
Students receive some research grants.
Students receive some tuition support and research funds.
Students receive Spanish instruction daily.
Students receive special discounts on publications purchased during their first year.
Students receive special rates on all sports tickets.
Students receive special recognition at graduation.
Students receive special rewards at the completion of their island visits.
Students receive special services in small group settings to boost their learning experiences.
Students receive special training and experience as they serve on an inner-city ministry project.
Students receive special training and work to mediate student issues.
Students receive special training.
Students receive specialized sets of materials based upon their questions.
Students receive specific information about thematic clusters from their faculty advisors.
Students receive specific instructions on the assembly of the portfolio during their first semester.
Students receive specific travel details upon acceptance to the program.
Students receive speech and language therapy to develop communication skills.
Students receive stipend support from their major advisors.
Students receive stipends at the beginning of the summer semester of the first year.
Students receive stipends during the advanced course enrollment.
Students receive stipends for each year.
Students receive stipends for room and board as well as allowances for other expenses.
Students receive stipends from the cooperating agency or institution during their internships.
Students receive stipends, and campus housing is available at a reduced rate.
Students receive stipends, and in some cases assistance with housing and travel.
Students receive stipends, room and board allowances.
Students receive stipends, travel money and assistance with housing expenses.
Students receive strong training in the arts in addition to a quality education.
Students receive structured research and writing assistance.
Students receive study materials via e-mail.
Students receive subsidized hot lunches, transportation, clothing and medical care.
Students receive substance abuse education and theatrical training.
Students receive substantial financial support for all three years.
Students receive substantial financial support for both years.
Students receive substantial individual feedback on their own writing.
Students receive substantial personal attention at the undergraduate level.
Students receive substantial reductions in membership fees.
Students receive substantial support for both years.
Students receive substantive and ongoing feedback throughout the lesson.
Students receive such information as bus schedules, banking procedures and hours, etc.
Students receive supervised clinical experience in local dental offices and clinics.
Students receive supervised experience in interviewing skills.
Students receive supervised experience in studying problems in training rehabilitation counselors.
Students receive supervised experience in teaching an introductory course in psychology.
Students receive supervised practice beginning the first day of class.
Students receive supervised, practical experiences in providing counseling services to clients.
Students receive support and encouragement to continue their education and postpone parenting.
Students receive support and instruction in English on a regular basis from the teachers.
Students receive support from a dedicated, friendly, and knowledgeable staff.
Students receive support from class members in learning from their reading.
Students receive support from trained health clerks and a county psychologist.
Students receive support in areas appropriate to their needs.
Students receive support through individual tutorials, group seminars and studio classes.
Students receive supports needed to focus on their educational goals.
Students receive swimming lessons at the nearby indoor heated pool each year.
Students receive take-home tapes of their swing with written game plans.
Students receive ten bids, two each of five priorities.
Students receive ten points for each videotape they attend.
Students receive tennis instruction during physical education classes.
Students receive test results by mail.
Students receive text discount.
Students receive texts and workbooks via mail.
Students receive text-specific, personalized guidance for up to three hours a day.
Students receive the award for a maximum of three consecutive years.
Students receive the benefits listed under Regular membership.
Students receive the benefits of every grant dollar that is awarded.
Students receive the benefits of two distinct campuses.
Students receive the British experience with a bit of an American touch.
Students receive the colored bone that matches the stop they have reached on the trail.
Students receive the customized report in two weeks.
Students receive the equipment for a limited period of time.
Students receive the federal minimum wage.
Students receive the forms the day of testing.
Students receive the full amount of the grant in advance of the internship.
Students receive the full benefit of classroom instruction only when they attend on a regular basis.
Students receive the full registration package.
Students receive the funding each year for the remainder of college.
Students receive the general subsidy, and many other students also receive financial aid.
Students receive the laptops as freshmen.
Students receive the most current information with which they are familiar.
Students receive the packet from their state at their house.
Students receive the paralegal certificate only upon completion of all degree requirements.
Students receive the password during the orientation process.
Students receive the proceeds from a jukebox in the lunchroom.
Students receive the quarterly journal, the magazine, and our chapter newsletters.
Students receive the results of an examination usually within three weeks of it being taken.
Students receive the same academic credit as an equivalent on-campus class.
Students receive the same member benefits as individual members.
Students receive the scholarships at an elegant banquet held in their honor.
Students receive the special attention of a devoted faculty and staff.
Students receive the specially trained dogs as well as their own training free of charge.
Students receive The Student Handbook, a guide that outlines rules and regulations.
Students receive the survey mid-way through their first semester.
Students receive their approved schedules and fee statements before the beginning of each quarter.
Students receive their behavior grades weekly.
Students receive their box number with their housing assignment.
Students receive their certificate at the Spring Leadership Awards Ceremony.
Students receive their class assignment by mail.
Students receive their clinical education at local and regional medical facilities.
Students receive their clinical exposure at seven accredited clinical affiliates.
Students receive their course grades and grade point average following each semester.
Students receive their credit printouts with their acceptance materials or soon thereafter.
Students receive their degrees from the university at which they defend their dissertations.
Students receive their diploma only after validation by the registrar.
Students receive their diplomas at individual departmental diploma ceremonies.
Students receive their diplomas at the ceremony.
Students receive their evaluation results online.
Students receive their grade before their work is submitted.
Students receive their individual degrees in separate school ceremonies in the afternoon.
Students receive their journeymen card upon completion of programs.
Students receive their own copy of the course manual and handouts.
Students receive their own model of the earth for a geological investigation.
Students receive their own private instructor for the entire time.
Students receive their own walking tour notebooks to complete.
Students receive their PCS orders near the end of training.
Students receive their Registration Number and then register the program.
Students receive their report cards on the last day of each remaining quarter.
Students receive their results immediately after taking the test.
Students receive their results two to three weeks after the examinations.
Students receive their scores upon test completion.
Students receive their test results and assistance planning the class schedule.
Students receive their test scores by summer.
Students receive their test scores immediately on completion of the Assessment Test.
Students receive their training on campus and in the radiology departments of affiliate hospitals.
Students receive their undergraduate education at one of the service academies.
Students receive their validation stickers each term after they have registered and paid their fees.
Students receive theory and clinical practice in nuclear medicine throughout the program.
Students receive theory in all areas and select a major for clinical education while in the program.
Students receive theory in all areas and select at least one major for clinical experiences.
Students receive thorough preparation in curriculum, instruction, and assessment.
Students receive thorough professional training in breakfast, lunch and dinner cooking.
Students receive three academic credits after completing the program.
Students receive three and a half hours of computer laboratory time per week.
Students receive three credit hours for the class.
Students receive three credits for successfully completing the course requirements.
Students receive three credits for the year log experience.
Students receive three credits once their internship has been completed.
Students receive three credits per semester.
Students receive three credits.
Students receive three hours of academic credit.
Students receive three hours of English credit for their successful participation in the seminar.
Students receive three internship credits and three elective credits.
Students receive three semester hours of elective credit for the course.
Students receive three to six credit hours for taking part in the project, as well.
Students receive tickets for a drawing each week.
Students receive tickets for admission of family and friends.
Students receive tickets for appropriate behaviour.
Students receive timely feedback and multiple opportunities to revise and improve performance.
Students receive tips on starting and managing a child care business.
Students receive traditional classroom instruction as well as hands-on experience.
Students receive train and bus passes to facilitate traveling from school, to home, to internships.
Students receive training after the form is returned.
Students receive training and mentoring in special education and research cores.
Students receive training and mentoring in various education classes and specific English classes.
Students receive training and practical experience in the various forms of journalistic writing.
Students receive training and work while receiving pay.
Students receive training at the job site, constructing a house.
Students receive training at undergraduate, MSc and PhD levels.
Students receive training both on and off campus at a wide range of jobs.
Students receive training for entry-level positions in two years or less.
Students receive training in a wide variety of clinical settings in the Detroit community.
Students receive training in administration and application of systemic assessment methods.
Students receive training in all aspects of fishing, hunting and adventure tour guiding operations.
Students receive training in anthro-pological methods and theory.
Students receive training in basic listening and helping skills and are available for their peers.
Students receive training in basic nurse aide skills with emphasis on geriatric care.
Students receive training in both classrooms and laboratory settings.
Students receive training in both epidemiological methods and aspects of environmental measurements.
Students receive training in classical technique which can be applied to other styles of singing.
Students receive training in computer theory, programming, operations, and applications.
Students receive training in conflict resolution.
Students receive training in effective communication, negotiation and mediation.
Students receive training in entomology, ecology and agriculture.
Students receive training in first aid and athletic injuries.
Students receive training in how to effectively mentor troubled youth during class sessions.
Students receive training in industry standard computing programs.
Students receive training in inter personal communication and interview Techniques.
Students receive training in medical terminology, anatomy, physiology, and sterilization methods.
Students receive training in molecular biology, patch-clamping and lipid bilayer techniques.
Students receive training in personnel management, marketing, finance, and health policy.
Students receive training in rafting, mountaineering skills, and marksmanship.
Students receive training in research, computer science and data analysis skills.
Students receive training in safe and correct procedures for using arc welding equipment.
Students receive training in small group social skills.
Students receive training in speaking, listening, and problem-solving skills.
Students receive training in specific techniques for various sports.
Students receive training in teaching and research techniques.
Students receive training in the appropriate services upon completion of the intake process.
Students receive training in the assessment and treatment of the major mental disorders as well.
Students receive training in the economic, social, and physical aspects of environmental problems.
Students receive training in the hottest topics in the computing and non-computing industry today.
Students receive training in the preparation and presentation of scientific seminars.
Students receive training in the preparation of all necessary correspondence and court documents.
Students receive training in the recognition of health hazards.
Students receive training in the safe and correct procedures for using oxyacetylene equipment.
Students receive training in theatrical tools including interpretation and scene development.
Students receive training manuals and a certificate of attendance valid for two years.
Students receive training on family intervention their first term.
Students receive training on mainframe, midrange, and microcomputer equipment.
Students receive training through lecture and laboratory experience.
Students receive training to produce fish for food, bait, ornamental, and recreational purposes.
Students receive training using lab modules, live projects, and cooperative work experience.
Students receive training with pay at an approved training station.
Students receive transcript notation for their work.
Students receive transcript notation of their engineering experience.
Students receive transfer credit and no grades.
Students receive transfer credit toward their degrees.
Students receive transfer credit.
Students receive transportation to the magnet program that they attend.
Students receive travel and living expenses.
Students receive travel expense reductions.
Students receive travel expenses, a stipend for living expenses, and an honorarium.
Students receive travel grants toassist with the expenses of internships abroad.
Students receive travel stipends as members of the consortium.
Students receive tremendous amounts of personalized instruction.
Students receive tuition and program excursions.
Students receive tuition credit and a small stipend in return for weekly work assisting faculty.
Students receive tuition from leading performance artists.
Students receive tuition, board, clothing, health care and an allowance.
Students receive tuition, housing, and a monthly stipend towards living expenses.
Students receive tuition, room and program excursions.
Students receive tuition, room, and program excursions.
Students receive tuition, room, board, and program excursions.
Students receive tutorial assitance as well as help with organizational and study skills.
Students receive tutorial help from graduate exchange students and other graduate students.
Students receive tutorial, counseling, career guidance, and cultural enrichment.
Students receive tutorials from their professors and meet with advisors on a regular basis.
Students receive tutoring and instruction on proper writing and reading skills.
Students receive tutoring at another time in the day, as needed.
Students receive tutoring free of charge.
Students receive tutoring if they are referred by an instructor or counselor.
Students receive tutoring, play sports, take trips to museums and learn about the arts.
Students receive twelve hours of academic credit for the program.
Students receive twelve to sixteen months of meaningful work experience.
Students receive twenty-one hours of classroom instruction per week.
Students receive twenty-one hours of instruction per week in core courses.
Students receive two basic educational units upon successful completion of the course.
Students receive two copies.
Students receive two credit hours for each course completed.
Students receive two credit hours for the course.
Students receive two credits for completing the semester course.
Students receive two credits for participation.
Students receive two credits upon successful completion of the year-long course.
Students receive two degrees that are fully equivalent to the degrees if taken separately.
Students receive two graded credits for the classroom component.
Students receive two hours credit for the course, one for the seminar and one for the trip.
Students receive two hours of academic credit.
Students receive two questions, and select one to answer, on each day.
Students receive two semester hours of academic credit for participation.
Students receive two summers of internship employment.
Students receive two types of immediate feedback on each answer they make.
Students receive two weeks of intensive, full-time training for schools teachers, and students.
Students receive unlimited free telephone support.
Students receive unlimited use of wheels except during other class times.
Students receive up to five individual sessions free per year.
Students receive up to six hours credit.
Students receive usernames and passwords at the beginning of the academic year.
Students receive validation stickers after completing the enrollment process.
Students receive valuable feedback and keep detailed records of their work.
Students receive valuable reference material to take home and use as guidance when problems arise.
Students receive valuable training, and defendants receive necessary representation.
Students receive valuable work experience and summer employment.
Students receive verbal classroom instruction from qualified instructors who model what they teach.
Students receive verbal instructions for developing documents using the software. .
Students receive videotaped lectures prepared by our expert faculty in each area.
Students receive videotaped programs, textbook, and study guide material.
Students receive vocational guidance from staff, and resources such as a local job bank.
Students receive vocational training in the area of heavy equipment operation.
Students receive volunteer training prior to assisting in a therapeutic riding class.
Students receive wages for their work-study job at each monthly payroll period.
Students receive waivers for the full cost of college tuition and books.
Students receive website worksheet.
Students receive weekly critiques to help their progress.
Students receive weekly e-mail listing job opportunities from a wide array of sources.
Students receive weekly private lessons and group lessons.
Students receive weekly private lessons from our faculty of highly respected composers.
Students receive weekly supervision of counseling sessions.
Students receive weekly-individualized assignments.
Students receive whole class social skill lessons and small group interventions as needed.
Students receive whole group instruction as well as small group instuction during reading workshop.
Students receive word lists each week.
Students receive work study in the form of a bi-weekly paycheck.
Students receive workbooks and eight continuing dispatch education points.
Students receive workshop sign-up forms upon acceptance to the program.
Students receive worldwide coverage.
Students receive worldwide-recognized diplomas.
Students receive written assignments which are graded on both form and content.
Students receive written comments at each level.
Students receive written evaluation at midterm and at the end of semester.
Students receive written notification of acceptance to the program.
Students receive written notification regarding adviser information twice per term.
Students receive, by mail, the invitation to register and the schedule of classes.
Students receives, in writing, the outcome of the appeal.
Students receiving a bachelors of arts degree follow the general sociology requirements.
Students receiving a grade of A or H are eligible for departmental distinction within their major.
Students receiving a renewable entrance scholarship are guaranteed residence accommodation.
Students receiving advanced degrees go on to rich and rewarding careers.
Students receiving aid ought to earn the privilege by showing educational capability.
Students receiving aid pay only tuition charged to in-state students.
Students receiving assistantships are qualified for resident tuition.
Students receiving associate degrees and bachelor degrees wear tassels on the right.
Students receiving certification can receive college credit for the course.
Students receiving departmental financial aid usually qualify for remission of tuition fees.
Students receiving federal financial aid are subject to a different refund policy.
Students receiving fellowship awards receive full tuition plus a stipend.
Students receiving financial aid are normally able to apply the aid to program costs.
Students receiving financial aid are subject to an additional refund calculation.
Students receiving financial aid are subject to satisfactory academic progress.
Students receiving financial aid can usually apply most sources of aid to study abroad fees.
Students receiving financial aid continue to do so while enrolled in the academic internship.
Students receiving financial aid have additional responsibilities.
Students receiving financial aid often participate in the study group.
Students receiving financial assistance qualify for in-state tuition.
Students receiving financial support also are eligible for tuition scholarships.
Students receiving grants or loans also are eligible.
Students receiving master's degrees wear tassels on the left at all times.
Students receiving permission to enroll in the next course in sequence do so at their own risk.
Students receiving scholarships acknowledge the donor's support by letter.
Students receiving scholarships face new challenges entering college.
Students receiving services represent all ethnic and socioeconomic groups.
Students receiving stipends are automatically eligible for non-resident tuition waivers.
Students receiving subsidies are also eligible.
Students receiving the scholarship money can use it at any of Florida's public universities.
Students receiving Title IV Federal Funds are subject to a federal refund schedule.
Students receiving travel awards are eligible for poster awards.
Students receiving units pay the summer sessions rate per unit in addition to an application fee.
Students receiving veterans benefits are subject to satisfactory academic progress standards.
Students receving assistantships qualify for a fully paid comprehensive health insurance package.
Students recieve a discount off the regular price.
Students recieve a summary of their performance highlighting topics for further review.
Students recieve awards for their projects.
Students recieve e-mail and web space at the same time their accounts is generated.
Students recieve instruction in mathematics, computers, and engineering concepts and applications.
Students recieve instruction in racing, cruising, and laser sailing.
Students recieve six credits and a letter grade for their performance on externship.
Students recieve the FAN in the mail.
Students recieve the prizes.
Students recieve worldwide recognized diplomas.
Students recite a poem from memory each month to increase cultural literacy.
Students recite a poem, chant, or sing a target culture song.
Students recite all three diseases in order, using the three pronunciations they practiced.
Students recite and explain the meaning of the Pledge of Allegiance.
Students recite key Bible verses.
Students recite lessons as chants.
Students recite names of tobacco-related diseases.
Students recite the flag salute, attend art classes and visit the library.
Students recite the pledge and motto everyday in addition to the Pledge of Allegiance.
Students recite the pledge each morning.
Students recite the pledge together.
Students recite the poem and draw the clown for their families at home.
Students recite the school creed.
Students recite the words clearly.
Students recite two soliloquies in addition to writing critical papers.
Students recognise and respect the principles of social justice.
Students recognise and value, safe and supportive environments.
Students recognize a number of different styles in the music they hear.
Students recognize a range of empathetic and tolerant attitudes toward other cultures.
Students recognize activities.
Students recognize Africa's importance on a global basis and find Africa on a map.
Students recognize and apply mathematical models to real-world situations.
Students recognize and appreciate geometry in their world.
Students recognize and discuss teamwork.
Students recognize and illustrate systems, order, and organization.
Students recognize and make connections with Latin terminology in the sciences and technology.
Students recognize and make connections with Latin terminology in the social sciences and history.
Students recognize and reproduce the sounds of Latin.
Students recognize and understand the functions of different parts within electric circuits.
Students recognize and use Roman numerals and the vocabulary associated with counting.
Students recognize and use the visual arts as a form of communication.
Students recognize and use the visual arts as a means of communication.
Students recognize and welcome the opportunity to learn from one another.
Students recognize any problems in their learning, and seek assistance as necessary.
Students recognize applications as realistic and relevant.
Students recognize biased reporting and editorializing as opposed to straight news.
Students recognize concepts when they come up in class and are able to teach other students.
Students recognize differences and handicaps as normal and acceptable.
Students recognize each other and communicate through email.
Students recognize energy.
Students recognize equivalent mathematical models in familiar settings.
Students recognize examples of stereotype and bias on television.
Students recognize existing and future employment opportunities in the field of agriculture.
Students recognize faulty reasoning in their own and others' thinking.
Students recognize geographic facts in political decisions.
Students recognize how folklore is passed on and functions in people's lives.
Students recognize how the media affect their attitudes and decisions.
Students recognize individual interests and aptitudes as they relate to a career.
Students recognize interpretations of history are subject to change as new information is uncovered.
Students recognize interpretations that are well supported.
Students recognize issues.
Students recognize number of objects and mathematically label the amount.
Students recognize one to one correspondence.
Students recognize order relations for decimals, integers, and rational numbers.
Students recognize plots and themes of Roman myths in the literature of other cultures.
Students recognize similarities and differences between tables, bar graphs, and circle graphs.
Students recognize such questions as encouraging and validating.
Students recognize technological dimensions of design decisions.
Students recognize that animals have basic needs such as air, water and food.
Students recognize that planning is essential for success.
Students recognize that practice, completion of work, and revision contribute to quality learning.
Students recognize that present forms are the result of physical and biological changes over time.
Students recognize that the pictures are dated.
Students recognize that the stakes are high.
Students recognize that traits of living things are both inherited and acquired or learned.
Students recognize the artificiality of the activity.
Students recognize the contribution of women in the Holocaust.
Students recognize the correct spelling of words through movement education activities.
Students recognize the importance of individual choices, action, and character.
Students recognize the importance or organizational management and power in leadership.
Students recognize the many variations of parenting styles.
Students recognize the modeling.
Students recognize the nature, characteristics, and limitations of science and technology.
Students recognize the principles of discriminating between fact and opinion.
Students recognize the role of chance, oversight, and error in history.
Students recognize the significance and importance of community service.
Students recognize the trip-wire on which they walk.
Students recognize the value of narrative evaluations as a genuine indicator of academic competence.
Students recognize the value of prioritizing a list of supplies.
Students recognize themes, ideas and perspectives as they relate to products of Russian culture.
Students recognize tone and feel the distance or feel welcomed.
Students recognize traits of effective leaders and their relationship to employability.
Students recognize typical content and stylistic features of authors they read.
Students recognize unique relationships in search results.
Students recognize various trees common to Minnesota and appreciate their diversity and biology.
Students recognize where leafy green vegetables are grown in the United States.
Students recognize, describe, and create patterns.
Students recognize, describe, extend and create a wide variety of patterns.
Students recognize, explain, and correlate the interdependence of organisms.
Students recognize, explain, and interpret content and features of style of the authors they read.
Students recognizes and corrects errors in written messages.
Students Recommend .
Students recommend the class as a great opportunity to develop skills and explore art.
Students recommend titles to each other and have a chance to discuss plots or events in class.
Students reconstruct the list of words by assembling all parts together again.
Students reconstruct the owl's prey by piecing together the bones and studying the skulls.
Students reconstruct the story, as a group, as the teacher redraws the story map.
Students reconstruct the text one word at a time.
Students reconvene as a class and determine if all of the research issues have been resolved.
Students record an interview with a native speaker guest and transcribe the answers.
Students record answers on a separate piece of paper in their notebooks.
Students record answers.
Students record any change in their ant farms.
Students record any fluctuations on their map of the classroom.
Students record daily UV-B readings and create a database.
Students record each word sequentially, and then the whole sentence.
Students record experimental ideas.
Students record gross pay, deduction calculations, and net pay in deposit books.
Students record how many horizontal bars and how many vertical bars they use in their drawings.
Students record how the mealworm's appearance changes as it enters the pupa stage.
Students record ideas and solutions in science journals.
Students record in their journals the approach they used to solve a problem.
Students record in their science journals terms used to identify parts of the flashlight.
Students record measurements.
Students record new information found and note topics for possible follow-up later on.
Students record observations from their tests of the four soaps.
Students record observations on all five pieces.
Students record observations over time in a table and in drawings.
Students record on a T-chart feelings and supporting evidence from text.
Students record personal response in own notes for later discussion.
Students record questions they want to research on notecards.
Students record temperature.
Students record the activity number on their log when it is their choice day.
Students record the data in a spreadsheet so they can chart the mushers progress.
Students record the data on their work sheets.
Students record the definitions in their notebooks.
Students record the final recording project with instructor guidance.
Students record the flowers on their worksheet .
Students record the group's total probability.
Students record the growth of algae in four different types of water.
Students record the information on their sequencing sheet.
Students record the information.
Students record the insects' eating habits and daily activities.
Students record the mass.
Students record the materials they use on their lab sheet.
Students record the number of paper-clips the magnet can attract through each substance.
Students record the photoperiod weekly in their area and chart.
Students record the project results and describe the class project in a student-created portfolio.
Students record the questions in their notes.
Students record the results of their laboratory work in a notebook.
Students record the results of their observations to determine the needs of plants.
Students record the results on a graph.
Students record the results.
Students record the temperatures with numbers and by filling in a picture thermometer.
Students record the voice-over.
Students record their answers and hand in.
Students record their answers and the arguments begin.
Students record their answers in the first column in a chart like the one below.
Students record their answers in words, diagrams, charts, and graphs.
Students record their answers on palm top computers distributed throughout the lecture hall.
Students record their combinations of coins.
Students record their daily reading and parents sign the form.
Students record their data on a chart and then organize it in graph form.
Students record their data on the attached data sheet.
Students record their estimate of the number of beans in the jar on their recording sheet.
Students record their estimations.
Students record their feelings and observations for a final time.
Students record their final predictions.
Students record their findings in a table or as a graph on rectangular coordinate paper.
Students record their findings on a graphic organizer.
Students record their findings on a wall chart.
Students record their grades on an assignment sheet.
Students record their growing understanding of definitions and rules in their notebooks.
Students record their heart rate on a worksheet provided by the teacher.
Students record their initial predictions.
Students record their learning through journals and discussions.
Students record their melting time and discuss results.
Students record their observations in a separate lab notebook.
Students record their observations in a table and look for patterns.
Students record their observations of a growing bean plant and create a time-lapse simulation.
Students record their observations with special attention to the shapes of cells.
Students record their observations, thoughts, and experiences in an environmental-issues journal.
Students record their pictures by pasting die-cut pattern block shapes on paper.
Students record their predictions and information they learn in journals.
Students record their reactions and feelings as they make their way through the exhibits.
Students record their responses and share with the class.
Students record their responses and submit their response logs.
Students record their responses and they make predictions based on their observations.
Students record their responses on numbered answer sheets.
Students record their results and conclusions.
Students record their search in a problem log .
Students record their search results on spreadsheet grid paper.
Students record their speeches on audio or video cassettes.
Students record what they learned and work they accomplished in their daily log.
Students records pending disciplinary action.
Students recount stories.
Students recreate an old-time radio show, complete with sound effects.
Students recreate Olympic events by calculating distances and participating in the event.
Students recreate, in their own words, what they have learned.
Students recruit and nominate the two other members of their committees.
Students recycle their juice boxes, cans, and plastic bottles.
Students redeem the points for a variety of rewards.
Students redeem their points for merchandise.
Students reduce fractions before multiplying the numerators and denominators.
Students reduce rectangular matrices to row echelon form.
Students reenact the story with story puppets from pp.
Students refer to aspects of a poem or style of poetry to argue an interpretation.
Students refer to relevant sections of the text and supplement when performing laboratory exercises.
Students refer to relevant sections of the text when performing laboratory exercises.
Students refer to the campus telephone directory on a daily basis for twelve full months.
Students refer to the Electronic Forum for their assignments.
Students refer to the map to create exam or study questions.
Students refer to their structured job site check list as they observe.
Students refer to their summaries during the in class discussion.
Students refine a rough draft of a paragraph.
Students refine and practice their skills in the state-licensed childcare center on campus.
Students refine and test techniques, conduct field trials, and monitor and record results.
Students refine both speaking and writing skills in the context of the activities.
Students refine exposure and technical skills through the use of color slide film.
Students refine language skills and become efficient readers and clear thinkers.
Students refine skills and develop a working knowledge of glazes, kiln and hand-building techniques.
Students refine skills and techniques with written exercises and oral presentations.
Students refine skills in troop leading procedures, operations orders and land navigation.
Students refine skills in working and design drawings, research methods and the design process.
Students refine skills through pre- writing, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students refine skills through pre-writing, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students refine techniques and improve efficiency.
Students refine techniques and improve proficiency.
Students refine the questions that they ask in response to artworks.
Students refine their ability to meet strategic goals through creative message executions.
Students refine their investigation questions.
Students refine their language by using it in purposeful and meaningful situations.
Students refine their language by using language in purposeful and meaningful situations.
Students refine their predictions by looking at the class totals.
Students refine their professional portfolio of expertise.
Students refine their responses based on the group's discussion.
Students refine their skills by serving as research assistants and project interviewers.
Students refine their skills in producing diagnostically acceptable radiographs.
Students refine their skills of analysis, evaluation and comprehension.
Students refine their use of language, as appropriate to their own interests.
Students refine their values and ways of thinking.
Students refine work ethics and explore future career interests.
Students refine, broaden and expand their perspectives of nursing practice.
Students reflect about language as a means of communication by taking a short lesson in Esperanto .
Students reflect about what they have learned from doing the service learning activities.
Students reflect all age groups, and economic, cultural and geographic backgrounds.
Students reflect awareness of others' views and opinions.
Students reflect consciously on the principles of thinking, speaking and writing.
Students reflect how people, places and animals play a role in our lives.
Students reflect in writing on whether they are meeting their goals.
Students reflect on and evaluate their learning for the purpose of improvement.
Students reflect on and evaluate their teaching experience in a weekly seminar.
Students reflect on ethical war-time dilemmas.
Students reflect on general education, major courses of study and chosen vocation.
Students reflect on important moral and ethical issues.
Students reflect on outcomes and base further planning on their observations and discussions.
Students reflect on performances and upon their work toward meeting the learning standards.
Students reflect on problems of reading challenging textbook material in a second language.
Students reflect on that experience in structured ways that enhance their learning.
Students reflect on the college when looking for employment.
Students reflect on the ethical challenges faced by individuals in their chosen vocations.
Students reflect on the practical realities of democratic change.
Students reflect on the values and assumptions that inform their political participation.
Students reflect on the values implied in different responses and in rhetoric itself.
Students reflect on their activities of the day, discussing what they did and what was learned.
Students reflect on their cognitive processes as they apply to groups.
Students reflect on their computer experiences orally and in writing.
Students reflect on their decisions and their entries are saved in an electronic journal.
Students reflect on their interests and talents in a real world context.
Students reflect on their learning as well as the legal and ethical issues affecting the family.
Students reflect on their learning in journals which are turned in at the end of a unit of study.
Students reflect on their learning process.
Students reflect on their own cognitive processes as they apply to groups.
Students reflect on their own experience, design ways towards further understanding and exploration.
Students reflect on their own learning over time by creating and maintaining an active portfolio.
Students reflect on their participation and the product.
Students reflect on their reading when it complete.
Students reflect on their speaking processes through feedback sheets and other mechanisms.
Students reflect their teacher's attitude.
Students reflect their teachers.
Students reflect upon and assess the challenges and potential resolutions in each work of art.
Students reflect upon and assess the characteristics and merits of their work and work of others.
Students reflect upon the article, their small group discussions and the whole class discussion.
Students reflect with one another weekly in an online journal, in addition to class discussion.
Students reflect, synthesize and analyze while working on service-learning projects.
Students refrain from bothering others' belongings.
Students refrain from destroying any property.
Students refrain from making loud noises.
Students refrain from pushing and hitting.
Students refrain from put-downs.
Students refrain from using abusive, profane or obscene language and gestures.
Students refrain from writing on desks, walls and books.
Students refuse to buy wood and paper from endangered forests.
Students regain control of their future.
Students regard sleepovers as a normal part of college life.
Students regard the academic couple with awe.
Students regard the computer-based study guide as important when preparing for tests.
Students register according to current nursing semester classification status.
Students register according to the following timetable.
Students register according to the total number of hours completed.
Students register and are given a mail box.
Students register and begin moving into the dorms.
Students register and enroll.
Students register and make course schedule changes through the registration system.
Students register and pay fees for the entire semester period.
Students register and pay for password access to the site.
Students register and pay for the workshops in Guadalajara.
Students register and pay regular tuition at their home universities.
Students register and pay the tuition of their home institution for all consortium courses.
Students register and pay the tuition of their home institution for all Consortium courses.
Students register and pay tuition and fees at their respective colleges.
Students register and pay tuition at their home institution for all consortium courses.
Students register and pay tuition to their host university.
Students register and receive credit at their home institution, which covers tuition costs.
Students register at and receive a degree from the institution of their choice.
Students register at assigned times based on credits earned.
Students register at assigned times based on credits.
Students register at class sites.
Students register at the beginning of the year for both semesters.
Students register at the first session.
Students register at the location where they plan to attend classes.
Students register at their first class meeting.
Students register at their home college for one of the three class sites.
Students register by ability level.
Students register by completing a course registration form.
Students register by group number according to schedule.
Students register by telephone, often without talking with an advisor.
Students register by telephone, using their assigned PIN number.
Students register concurrently for a major ensemble.
Students register concurrently for classes with instructor's permission.
Students register daily per class .
Students register during certain scheduled dates for the next semester's classes.
Students register during the first class session attended.
Students register during the first class they attend.
Students register each term for the classes they wish to take.
Students register following the registration procedures outlined by their home school.
Students register for a co-op course and receive a grade at the end of the term.
Students register for a course two weeks prior to the first weekend of class.
Students register for a major field and minor or supporting program coursework.
Students register for a section that focuses on a desired population.
Students register for accounts on-line.
Students register for all courses at UMSt.
Students register for all three sections.
Students register for and study specific courses each term.
Students register for applied music in addition to their regular academic classes each quarter.
Students register for both terms at the same time.
Students register for classes based on their interests.
Students register for classes in the registrar's office in the building's lower level.
Students register for classes of their choice and pay a fee for each class.
Students register for classes via the touch-tone telephone system.
Students register for coop as a full-time load, and pay full fees.
Students register for courses and pay tuition fees, before they can attend classes.
Students register for courses during the open registration period each semester.
Students register for courses either online or by fax.
Students register for courses through individual institutions' sites.
Students register for courses.
Students register for each of the two sections.
Students register for electives through the Internet.
Students register for extension classes at the first class meeting.
Students register for fall classes during orientation week.
Students register for four classes.
Students register for four hours credit per semester for two fifty-minute private lessons per week.
Students register for internships by contacting the faculty supervisor in their department.
Students register for one credit hour per semester for one twenty-five minute lesson per week.
Students register for one credit hour with their field placement advisor.
Students register for one credit of field experience during each of their last four semesters.
Students register for one credit per semester over a three-semester period.
Students register for one hour of academic credit for their internships.
Students register for one internship course each semester for two semesters.
Students register for one lab section only.
Students register for one, two or three credits each semester.
Students register for only law courses during their first year.
Students register for on-site job training classes which are held four days per week.
Students register for physical education courses during the first week of classes of each semester.
Students register for practica as part of the normal registration process for other coursework.
Students register for private lessons on a non-credit basis.
Students register for remaining course and make adjustments as necessary.
Students register for second session courses during scheduled registration.
Students register for sessions and attend sessions of their choice throughout the day.
Students register for six classes upon arrival at camp.
Students register for six hours of classes during the fall schedule.
Students register for six hours of classes.
Students register for six semester hours of coursework per session.
Students register for telecourses throught the same process as a regular course.
Students register for Teleweb courses at the same time as regular registration.
Students register for the class along with their other academic classes.
Students register for the classes of their choice and pay a fee for each class.
Students register for the course the semester the work is to be completed.
Students register for the ensembles just as they do for classes.
Students register for the fall semester.
Students register for the following courses during the three semesters of study.
Students register for the integrated course appropriate to their level.
Students register for the internship and receive academic credit, which appears on their transcript.
Students register for the program by signing up at their local library.
Students register for the project itself during the second semester.
Students register for the service, and upload a resume.
Students register for the upcoming semester during the orientation.
Students register for their fall classes and have the opportunity to meet others in their class.
Students register for their project advisor's section.
Students register for their work quarters, but no tuition or fee is charged.
Students register for three courses per term and attend two nights per week.
Students register for three or four courses per quarter.
Students register for three to twelve credits, one of which is a one-credit seminar.
Students register for tort liability insurance at the time they apply for student teaching.
Students register for tutoring on an on-going basis.
Students register for two credits per semester for one fifty-minute private lesson per week.
Students register for two hours per semester.
Students register for variable quarter-hour credits according to the amount of effort and tasks.
Students register here.
Students register in one of the participating departments.
Students register in sections for specific credit amounts.
Students register in the class at any meeting.
Students register in the classroom.
Students register in the fall after the course has been completed.
Students register in the specific area or instrument as designated by the course number.
Students register junior year for senior-year internship.
Students register on the first two days of the session in which the class is offered.
Students register on the web site, and take the courses at the local church.
Students register once for the entire program, and books are delivered to the classroom.
Students register once for the entire program.
Students register on-line and access the course via a computer at home.
Students register online and fill out a questionaire.
Students register on-line through the web.
Students register only for law courses during their first year.
Students register per class.
Students register their loan information on the database.
Students register through one of the participating seminaries.
Students register through one of Utah's participating institutions of higher education.
Students register to audit a course in the same manner as for a credit course.
Students register to graduate upon completion of all degree requirements.
Students register using the discipline listing relevant to their requirements.
Students register when they enter the program and their progress is then tracked and recorded.
Students register with the interested faculty member.
Students register with the office by completing a data sheet.
Students register with their homeroom teachers on registration day.
Students register, access materials and quiz through the Internet.
Students register, enroll and pay fees for each Co-op quarter.
Students register, get instruction and take exams via computer.
Students register, materials are delivered online and instructors interact with students.
Students register, purchase textbooks, and communicate with the instructor by e-mail.
Students registering after the deadline are responsible for paying all of their fees.
Students registering for credit courses receive college credit in semester hours.
Students registering for degree only pay no registration fee.
Students registering for honors courses are eligible to register early.
Students registering for more than four modules can pay in two instalments.
Students registering late can expect to pay a late fee.
Students regroup as needed.
Students regroup to review and check results with a metric trundle wheel.
Students regularly appear at hearings or in court on behalf of clinic clients.
Students regularly assist faculty on outside projects.
Students regularly attend professional anthropology meetings and other discipline-related events.
Students regularly attend theatre productions, opera, ballet, and concerts in London.
Students regularly audition for city and provincial competitions.
Students regularly build computer labs throughout the school year.
Students regularly cheat in examinations.
Students regularly cite the internship as an intensive and valuable learning experience.
Students regularly coauthor publications with faculty on their thesis research projects.
Students regularly compete and win regional and national design competitions.
Students regularly compete in academic events and do very well.
Students regularly consult on cases with doctors on the front line of treatment.
Students regularly consult with faculty advisors to assess graduation requirements for their major.
Students regularly contribute notes to the journal on many topical issues.
Students regularly elect social studies in either the freshman or sophomore year.
Students regularly enter dataabout our weather.
Students regularly estimate in situations involving classroom routines.
Students regularly ferry to school in the motor boat, which was hit in the back by the cargo ship.
Students regularly give informal or formal oral class presentations.
Students regularly go on to top conservatories.
Students regularly have human vs. calculator races .
Students regularly investigate concepts and instructional strategies in collaborative groups.
Students regularly participate in applied clinical educational placements at community sites.
Students regularly participate in discipline-specific activities.
Students regularly participate in exercises simulating segments of civil and criminal trials.
Students regularly participate in faculty sponsored research activities.
Students regularly participate in interactive activities planned by the teacher.
Students regularly participate in local newscasts. .
Students regularly participate in peer review exercises and confer personally with the teacher.
Students regularly participate in research.
Students regularly participate in voice recitals.
Students regularly participate in weather forecasting using daily public weather information.
Students regularly practice writing effective sentences, paragraphs, and short essays.
Students regularly present their work at research conferences.
Students regularly produce writing in a variety of forms.
Students regularly receive state recognition for individual and group academics and sports.
Students regularly record observations of their decomposition columns.
Students regularly reflect on what they re doing.
Students regularly reflect on what they're doing.
Students regularly represent the school in sport meetings and interschool competitions.
Students regularly return with a new-found sense of accomplishment and determined vigour.
Students regularly revert to clich images and symbols in their art for many reasons.
Students regularly risk bad grades, encounters with bullies, and rejection.
Students regularly scheduled for lunch are to report to the cafeteria for a study period.
Students regularly share their summer experiences at a series of fall physics department colloquia.
Students regularly sign-up with advisors for academic counseling prior to registration periods.
Students regularly spend time doing homework.
Students regularly stroll around the lake, and couples, hand in hand, frequently walk by.
Students regularly submit essays of historical analysis, and engage in rewriting and peer review.
Students regularly summarize chapter material.
Students regularly tackle problems for which estimation is the only possible approach.
Students regularly talk in class with peers about the readings and the writing assignments.
Students regularly talk with peers in class about their readings and the speaking assignments.
Students regularly travel to different classrooms to read books they have written.
Students regularly undergo comprehensive evaluations, including midyear and final examinations.
Students regularly use computers in writing, research, and presentation.
Students regularly use computers.
Students regularly win top state awards for speech, history, mathematics, art, music, and sports.
Students regularly work as teams and are frequently responsible for making in-class presentations.
Students regularly work on research projects with faculty.
Students rehearse a standup interview in the TV studio .
Students rehearse and perform concert band music.
Students rehearse and perform selected scenes in class.
Students rehearse and perform short scenes from a variety of plays.
Students rehearse and perform swing and rock music, as well as improvisation.
Students rehearse daily to prepare for a final performance.
Students rehearse moral thinking, discovering their basic intuitions and assumptions.
Students rehearse the dramatization of the poem and then do an improvisation based on the poem.
Students rehearse their lines everyday preparing for opening night.
Students rehearse their scene using their script for an informal presentation to the class.
Students rehearse their skills with patient actors.
Students rehearse their works and then perform for each other.
Students reinforce and further their knowledge of other disciplines through the foreign language.
Students reinforce and further their knowledge of other disciplines through the Japanese language.
Students reinforce and further their knowledge of other disciplines.
Students reinforce and further their knowledge of the performance arts when they act out the story.
Students reinforce their basic skills and critical thinking in mathematics and language arts.
Students reinforce their knowledge of mathematics when they create the T-shirt bar graph.
Students reinforce their understanding and appreciation for art through real world exposure to art.
Students reiterate the hopeful credos broadcast to American youth nationwide.
Students reject a third bid to reinstate intercollegiate football.
Students relate current events to the physical and human characteristics of places and regions.
Students relate demand for commodities to supply of mineral resources.
Students relate geometric ideas to number and measurement ideas.
Students relate heat to the internal energy of an object.
Students relate learning experiences to credit-bearing college courses.
Students relate mitosis to processes of growth, repair, and replacement.
Students relate more positively with peers, teachers, and parents.
Students relate myths about the causes of earthquakes.
Students relate origami they create to the flat paper from which it is folded.
Students relate physical materials, pictures, and diagrams to mathematical ideas.
Students relate properties of metals and metalloids to their industrial applications.
Students relate structure and function of the animal dissected to human anatomy and physiology.
Students relate the different types of soils they have studied to the growth of plants.
Students relate the equation, coordinate graph, and set of ordered pairs of a linear function.
Students relate the feeling of acceleration to the graph of the data they collected.
Students relate the process of precipitation to global warming.
Students relate the teaching of science to the total middle school curriculum.
Students relate the theory of plate tectonics to changes in Earth's structure and features.
Students relate the visual arts to history and culture.
Students relate the visual arts to various historical and cultural traditions.
Students relate their data to problems that exist in their local watershed.
Students relate their everyday language to mathematical language and symbols.
Students relate to each other and to teachers and school staff in acceptable ways.
Students relate to realistic ethical dilemmas related to most recent advances in biotechnology.
Students relate to seemingly distant concepts when they are made relevant to a student's life.
Students relate to the characters.
Students relate to the everyday. . . .
Students relate to the numerous cartoons and black and white photographs.
Students relate to the visual more immediately than to other artistic expressions.
Students relate volcanic activity to plate movement.
Students relate well to others.
Students relationships with professors are very strong.
Students relax and read in the new library in the center of the dome.
Students relax and talk about plans for the upcoming year.
Students relax at a dormitory for foreign students.
Students relax at farm.
Students relax in a room of the living and learning center.
Students relax in front of the big screen TV after a hard day of class.
Students relax in the school's lounge.
Students release the insects as soon as they are described and tallied.
Students relive the dangers, sorrows and joys experienced by pioneer families.
Students reluctantly return to the metro station at the end of the day.
Students rely heavily on each other to get projects completed.
Students rely heavily on teacher.
Students rely on federal government loans to finance their education.
Students rely on schools to serve as neutral learning sites.
Students rely on several strategies to enhance the reading process.
Students rely to a large degree on their faculty advisor's judgment for guidance and advice.
Students rely too heavily on classroom discussion in order to understand the plays.
Students rely too heavily on their calculators rather than visualizing a reasonable estimate.
Students remain advantaged or impeded by accidents of birth, economics and geography.
Students remain assigned to their freshman advisors until they declare a major.
Students remain at the school for the rest of their high school years.
Students remain curious and develop both the desire and skills to study on their own.
Students remain eligible for financial aid.
Students remain financially responsible for the tuition charges.
Students remain financially responsible.
Students remain fully clothed at all times during the training.
Students remain in activities until time of departure.
Students remain in assigned areas.
Students remain in drop position until ground movement ends.
Students remain in permanent seats.
Students remain in school until warnings are canceled.
Students remain in the alternative placement during due process by parents.
Students remain in the program for a minimum of one year.
Students remain in the program for up to four years, through completion of tenth grade.
Students remain in the program long enough to meet their educational goals.
Students remain in the program until their goals are realized.
Students remain in the program until they graduate from high school.
Students remain in the program until thirty-six units of UCSD credit are completed.
Students remain in the same classroom every day with the same people.
Students remain in the same family and with the same teacher until they go on to middle school.
Students remain in the same house for their entire duration at the school.
Students remain in the same team for two years.
Students remain in their designated communities for their entire medical school experience.
Students remain in their designated community for their entire medical school experience.
Students remain in their family group for three years.
Students remain in their groups for at least two years, as do the teaching teams.
Students remain in their groups.
Students remain ineligible until they are no longer on scholastic probation.
Students remain mentors until graduation.
Students remain officially enrolled at UK as well in order to facilitate transfer of credit.
Students remain on academic probation until all deficiencies have been satisfactorily remediated.
Students remain on academic probation until they return to academic good standing.
Students remain on probation until the deficiency is remedied.
Students remain on termination status until they complete one semester with satisfactory progress.
Students remain on the base awaiting possible evacuation by ship.
Students remain on the secondary school campus during a fourth class period.
Students remain positive Some freshmen also attended the protest.
Students remain pre-majors while completing prerequisite courses.
Students remain registered at Chicago while taking part in Chicago's programs.
Students remain resolute, however.
Students remain responsible for all course material regardless of attendance.
Students remain responsible for all work assigned.
Students remain responsible for applicable tuition fees.
Students remain responsible for assuring completion of all requirements.
Students remain responsible for the charges until approval is received.
Students remain responsible for the completion of all practica objectives.
Students remain seated until the instructor has left the mat.
Students remain seated while the bus is in motion.
Students remain standing until the faculty leaves the stage.
Students remain ultimately responsible for the entire program cost.
Students remain under direct control of teachers until released.
Students remain under the provisions of that catalog as long as they maintain continuous enrollment.
Students remain very concerned about political issues.
Students remain with teacher for two years which provides more continuity in their learning.
Students remain with that advisor throughout the undergraduate program.
Students remain with that faculty advisor throughout the remainder of their program.
Students remain with the program through their senior year.
Students remain with the same classmates as a cohort group for the full two years.
Students remain with the same counselor for two years.
Students remain with the same homeroom teacher both years.
Students remain with the same teacher for two years.
Students remaining on campus can attend the Seders at Chabad.
Students remember better what they personally have recorded in their notebooks.
Students remember great teachers.
Students remember it as rigorous, demanding, and immensely rewarding.
Students remember more when they use their education and when they talk about it.
Students remember outlines and unrelated lists of facts.
Students remember text better if it is turned into a graphic.
Students remember that.
Students remember the program, the weekend activities and the friendships for a lifetime.
Students remember the trips they went on even as adults.
Students remember their early positive experiences in the world of books.
Students remove and disassemble the engines and repair or replace damaged parts.
Students remove clay from the bag.
Students remove grass from the garden plot and prepare the soil.
Students remove one of their shoes and use the comparison circles to sort their shoes.
Students remove shoes or have an extra pair of socks which they lace on their hands.
Students remove the geoblocks from the strip, trade places, and repeat the activity several times.
Students remove the pictures as they correctly guess the career.
Students remove the shells, trade places, and repeat the activity several times.
Students remove the trash from the bag, sort the trash and determine categories.
Students remove their belts, jewelry and change from their pockets when working with electricity.
Students rendezvous in the parking lot at the foot of the trail.
Students rent or purchase their own instruments.
Students rent resort condominiums, at reasonable prices, for the duration of their stay.
Students rent the books from an independent company which specializes in schoolbooks.
Students renting accommodations do so on a tenant-landlord basis.
Students repair and replace body sections, doors, fenders, glass, trim and bumper assemblies.
Students repair and replace body sections, doors, fenders, glass, trim, and bumper assemblies.
Students repair auto damage ranging from small dents to major collisions.
Students repay their loans directly to the federal government.
Students repay their loans through the taxation system once their income reaches a minimum level.
Students repeat all twelve months of the year.
Students repeat basic words and short sentences.
Students repeat in unison the words heart disease in a light, quick manner.
Students repeat pronunciation after teacher.
Students repeat sentence.
Students repeat the activity with other numerals and compare their characteristics.
Students repeat the activity with other three-dimensional solids.
Students repeat the examples within the lines.
Students repeat the experiment at different angles and record what they observe.
Students repeat the experiment nine more times and determine the percentage of successes.
Students repeat the patterns and create their own.
Students repeat the phrase three times-faster each time.
Students repeat the phrase two more times, each time sounding more sorrowful.
Students repeat the process for another pair of points.
Students repeat the process for other polygons.
Students repeat the process using their new roles.
Students repeat the same application process they completed for entry into the program.
Students repeat the seasons of the year.
Students repeatedly ask for an alternative to cat dissection.
Students replace the professionals in every job.
Students replace their faulty composing patterns with effective ones that become automatic skills.
Students replace waived courses with an elective.
Students replicate an actual occurrence of natural selection by playing a game with a partner.
Students replicate classic and contemporary empirical analyses using large labour market surveys.
Students replicate classic experiments and prepare scientific reports on their results.
Students replicate each other's experiments for authentication.
Students reply about their keypals' composition.
Students reply for other's appreciation on the line.
Students reply to each rap point and then ask questions or offer comments to each other's responses.
Students reply to questions from the webpages and thus are associated with their participation.
Students reply to the questionnaires.
Students reply to the rap point by posting their messages to the email list.
Students reply with hypotheses on why the problems occurred.
Students report a better understanding of their courses.
Students report a lack of faculty role models.
Students report a variety of different measurements.
Students report a wide variety of outcomes for their degrees.
Students report back a summary of their findings on the day their logs are due.
Students report back to the rest of the class with their research findings.
Students report back to their group to share and extend their knowledge.
Students report back with class at large to share information.
Students report being approached or even touched by strangers.
Students report being physically as well as mentally tormented in the hallways.
Students report being threatened by roommate with knife.
Students report better communication with their farming partners as result of the course.
Students report briefly on their experiences shopping and cooking dinner for their families.
Students report caring about their school performance, wanting to do well.
Students report consistently several faculty every year intoxicated in the classroom.
Students report development.
Students report directly to student editors and meet individually with the instructor.
Students report directly to the library at the beginning of their study.
Students report directly to their homeroom classes.
Students report doing three to five hours of work per week.
Students report enjoying the relaxed atmosphere and the hands-on approach to learning.
Students report ethnic groups to which they belong or with which they identify.
Students report feeling less tired.
Students report feeling more balanced, centered and focused after yoga practice.
Students report feeling more energetic without feeling tense or anxious.
Students report finding the project a rewarding and challenging experience.
Students report findings the next day and it is quickly revealed as an impossible task.
Students report for the first day of school under a new assignment plan for racial balance.
Students report high levels of technology skills.
Students report higher satisfaction with school atmosphere and delivery of services.
Students report it every day about their encounters with faculty.
Students report less financial assistance offered, and less merit scholarships.
Students report observed differences and similarities in plate movement damage.
Students report on a monthly basis to the managerial level.
Students report on completed undergraduate research projects.
Students report on current school events and emphasize a career of the month.
Students report on findings about motivations as teacher lists answers under appropriate columns.
Students report on information about a particular mission and make a mission model.
Students report on projects, internships and reading.
Students report on remote locations from around the world.
Students report on results of learning issues research.
Students report on school activities, academic programs, sports and other school related functions.
Students report on the chemistry principles of toys via their own web pages .
Students report on the likes and dislikes of their friends.
Students report on the results of various sports during the Summer Olympic Games.
Students report on their activities, provide other students with copies, and analyze their success.
Students report on their assigned poems.
Students report on their experiences during the next school year.
Students report on their findings to the class.
Students report on their findings.
Students report on their interviews.
Students report on their observations of the spiders.
Students report on their projects through oral presentations and poster exhibits.
Students report on their projects, internships and reading.
Students report on units they have just completed in mathematics and on science projects.
Students report on what was tried and discuss successes and challenges.
Students report on work.
Students report orally to the class their findings eg.
Students report periodically on their research in discussions with other students and the faculty.
Students report regularly in class on their responses to the texts they read.
Students report results at next group meeting.
Students report results.
Students report spending less time studying behavioral sciences compared with the basic sciences.
Students report strong emotional reactions, both favorable and otherwise, toward hypertext.
Students report success accessing university library resources to do online searches.
Students report that choosing a topic can be either easy or agonizing.
Students report that counseling improves their ability to concentrate on their academic work.
Students report that faculty members are accessible, caring, helpful, and serve as mentors.
Students report that food variety, freshness, and cost are among their reasons for leaving campus.
Students report that it is a marvelous experience.
Students report that similar discussions are common in dorm rooms and the coffee shop.
Students report that some background knowledge of linguistics is extremely helpful.
Students report that study abroad experiences change their lives-they open their eyes to the world.
Students report that the experience has turned their lives around.
Students report that the program is enjoyable and easy to use.
Students report that the thesis is one of their most prized academic experiences.
Students report that their classes are lively, exciting, and challenging.
Students report that their confidence soars.
Students report that their homestays have been one of the best parts of the program.
Students report that their participation is extremely rewarding.
Students report that they are treated with respect by their professors.
Students report that they are well prepared for the next class or stage in their career.
Students report that they do their research and studying during the evenings and weekends.
Students report that they feel better about themselves and safer at school.
Students report that they feel more like they belong to the university.
Students report that they find the exams thorough, and challenging, but fair.
Students report that they have learned a lot from the internships.
Students report that they have very little time to just hang out.
Students report that they learn by listening and sharing with others with whom they can identify.
Students report that they spend an average of two hours studying for every hour in class per week.
Students report that they understand the subject better which is confirmed by quantitative studies.
Students report that with minor changes to the makefile it was able to work.
Students report that writing and speaking ability are their most important assets.
Students report the amount of cloud cover present.
Students report the results of their efforts in written and oral form.
Students report the test to be enjoyable, interesting and informative.
Students report the types of clouds present.
Students report their actual field experience both orally and in written submissions.
Students report their finding to the class, using appropriate graphs to display their data.
Students report their findings in a formal, written paper.
Students report their findings to the class at the end of the term.
Students report their findings to the class.
Students report their findings, who they interviewed, and when that person was born.
Students report their findings.
Students report their ideas to the class.
Students report their results in both oral and written formats.
Students report their work both in the form of a written journal article and orally.
Students report they are more aware of their similarities rather than their differences.
Students report they like the city's program.
Students report they never see one like it again.
Students report they spend two days more each month online than they did last year.
Students report to class about serving size of their food group.
Students report to class and follow site's foggy day schedule for the remainder of the day.
Students report to class and follow the site's foggy day schedule for the remainder of the day.
Students report to class.
Students report to group.
Students report to the campus for tests as deemed necessary by the instructor.
Students report to the department supervisor at the designated staring time.
Students report to the designated contract hotel.
Students report to the math lab for help as needed and to take the required tests.
Students report to their faculty advisors at the beginning of each advisory period.
Students report to their major professor monthly to assess and review their experiences.
Students report to their regular classrooms.
Students report very little fulfillment.
Students report violent peers.
Students report, write, and edit articles on environmental topics for newspapers and magazines.
Students reporting current events have the best of two worlds.
Students reporting more hands-on experience in science lessons also perform better in science.
Students reports being harassed by a known individual.
Students Reports on Their Interviews No reading assignment.
Students represen ted the audience from different majors and departments.
Students represent a broad range of academic and arts backgrounds.
Students represent a broad spectrum of functional backgrounds and industries.
Students represent a broadening spectrum of church membership.
Students represent a cross section of the entire Memphis community.
Students represent a cross-section of their school populations.
Students represent a diversity of religious, ethnic, and economic backgrounds.
Students represent a portion of the public with the least means.
Students represent a problem situation with an open sentence.
Students represent a variety of cultures.
Students represent a variety of disciplines in addition to music performance and education.
Students represent a variety of majors with diverse skills and experiences.
Students represent a wide range of abilities and backgrounds, and fees depend on ability to pay.
Students represent a wide variety of nations from Asia, Europe, and the Americas.
Students represent actual clients under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students represent algebraic expressions in multiple ways.
Students represent all economic levels.
Students represent all fifty states and many foreign countries.
Students represent all socioeconomic levels.
Students represent all socioeconomic sectors.
Students represent an interesting cross section of backgrounds, interest and goals.
Students represent and graduates serve every county in Ohio.
Students represent and interpret a quantitative relationship in a formula, table or graph.
Students represent both the corporate and educational environment.
Students represent both undergraduate and graduate levels.
Students represent clients from interview through any trial.
Students represent countries, develop solutions and negotiate sticky political situations.
Students represent emotions and ideas symbolically in their dramatic work.
Students represent equations given in rectangular coordinates in terms of polar coordinates.
Students represent every county in the state.
Students represent every state in the nation.
Students represent four different churches.
Students represent fractions and mixed numbers using physical models.
Students represent great diversity in ethnicity.
Students represent linear functions using tables, graphs, and equations.
Students represent low income families on their housing-related legal problems.
Students represent low-income clients from initial interview to settlement or trial.
Students represent low-income clients in a variety of civil disputes.
Students represent many religious faiths, philosophies and ethnic backgrounds.
Students represent most of the communities in the North Slave region, including Yellowknife.
Students represent nearly one hundred nationalities and speak over seventy mother tongues.
Students represent nonprofit and community organizations by drafting proposed legislation.
Students represent numbers by placing blocks along the number line.
Students represent only a part of the problem.
Students represent operations and express relationships using words, tables, and graphs.
Students represent predators.
Students represent rational numbers in equivalent forms and graph real numbers on a number line.
Students represent simple functional relationships between two quantities.
Students represent simple functional relationships.
Students represent students.
Students represent the cost per student by dividing the money into piles.
Students represent the diversity of the Jewish community.
Students represent the relative abundance of common rocks as a bar graph.
Students represent their class, school, city, and state as well as self.
Students represent their communities both regionally and nationally.
Students represent their deep commitment to and support of their colleges through alumni giving.
Students represent their school on field trips.
Students represent themselves through a student government organization.
Students represent themselves with photographs and words while increasing their means of expression.
Students represent transformations algebraically.
Students represent various number relationships in tables as well as one or two-dimensional graphs.
Students represent widely differing backgrounds, cultures, ages, nationalities, interests and goals.
Students representing a variety of academic disciplines perform a highly stylized repertoire.
Students representing all majors make decisions on activities and are invited to participate.
Students representing different countries act as traders in a world marketplace.
Students reproduce a drawing or work of art by following oral directions.
Students reproduce existing images to learn the various tools available within the application.
Students request a clerkship track during the second year.
Students request a leave of absence from their program director or chairperson.
Students request a particular tutor at the end of their first semester.
Students request admittance into the clinical practicum by writing a letter to that affect.
Students request application materials themselves in early fall.
Students request clarification on what information the board still needs.
Students request college applications.
Students request counseling.
Students request for a particular location.
Students request for our support for changing Commencement speaker selection policy.
Students request help and communicate with the instructor by selecting an open chat dialogue window.
Students request money as part of their formal proposal.
Students request more classes as compared to the increase in classes taught by teachers.
Students request more searches than faculty members do.
Students request scheduling and equipment use through a faculty member or their adviser.
Students request teacher recommendation.
Students request the privilege of living together in an approved project.
Students request to work with a particular student.
Students requesting a final course grade review assume the burden of proof.
Students requesting a grade review assume the burden of proof.
Students requesting a transcript do so from their home campus.
Students requesting help send their documents via e-mail to the company.
Students require a certain amount of materials on hand.
Students require a pocket calculator with a square root key.
Students require a push into the realm of critical thinking and decision making.
Students require a record of high academic achievement to be eligible for a study abroad program.
Students require an OIT account before being able to connect.
Students require assistance.
Students require authorization from their supervisor.
Students require body work as they get tense and tired.
Students require both global knowledge and domestic knowledge.
Students require computers that provide access to web-based campus information systems.
Students require even less knowledge in order to navigate the activities created.
Students require faculty sensitivity to their special needs.
Students require faculty to be sensitive to their special needs.
Students require full hockey equipment.
Students require guidance.
Students require learning to be engaging and hands on.
Students require little or no supervision.
Students require no prior computer experience.
Students require only a basic knowledge of the haiku form.
Students require proof of full time enrolment.
Students require reliable transportation.
Students require services.
Students require some services during all three levels and others at different stages of enrollment.
Students require special education services.
Students require strong verbal, written and reading skills to successfully complete the program.
Students require the permission of the instructor to take such courses.
Students require the signature of a parent as well.
Students require the use of prescribed and recommended reading for assignment and examination work.
Students require their supervisor to authorise their account request forms.
Students require to construct many aspects of the problem within a delictual framework.
Students require two distinct, non-interchangeable sets of clothes.
Students requiring a username and password, register here.
Students requiring ambulance service in emergencies are responsible for payment of all costs.
Students requiring ambulance service to a local hospital are responsible for the expense.
Students requiring extra help receive reports.
Students requiring help primarily with grammar and other sentence-level problems have two choices.
Students requiring practical assistance are to make appointments with teaching staff.
Students reread relevant sections of the text when having difficulty with homework exercises.
Students reread the information and see how many little words they can find within the big words.
Students reread the story in read-around groups.
Students re-read the story, act it out, and make a new version of the book.
Students research a career.
Students research a concept or problem in literature or writing under supervision.
Students research a constellation and create a model of it using marshmallows as stars.
Students research a development issue using the Internet.
Students research a genetic condition and orally present their results to the class.
Students research a local issue and then take action towards a solution.
Students research a plant, as well as plant needs and life cycle.
Students research a problem in their community and develop the public policy to address the problem.
Students research a question, write a script, and submit it on audiotape.
Students research a rainforest animal and present a report to classmates.
Students research a specific food family and deliver an oral presentation about their findings.
Students research a specific industrial application of organic chemistry and report appropriately.
Students research a telecommunications topic and present their findings.
Students research a topic from a broad range of research areas.
Students research a topic in computing and present the results of their work.
Students research a topic of their choosing.
Students research a topic using the Internet.
Students research a year in history.
Students research agricultural information over the Internet.
Students research an aspect of the seminar topic and present findings.
Students research an innovative or original research problem and complete a dissertation.
Students research and develop a five-city journey around the world.
Students research and develop an online newspaper.
Students research and draw conclusions.
Students research and interview various vocations and present findings to their peers.
Students research and investigate human activities and effects on the regional history.
Students research and learn science, then write and present a play based on their study.
Students research and make class presentation on regulatory issues.
Students research and make comparisons of the various types of music used with the various dances.
Students research and make oral presentations on topics determined by agreement with instructor.
Students research and teach an unfamiliar game or dance from another country.
Students research and write their own news stories.
Students research and write their thesis independently.
Students research available resources for information about water quality and water-quality testing.
Students research Civil War battles and use their notes to create a class encyclopedia.
Students research current practice and evolving issues.
Students research different European colonies in the Americas and write encyclopedia entries.
Students research election policy on the Internet.
Students research environmental issues, and submit entries on their findings and possible solutions.
Students research environmental issues.
Students research famous ships and explorers, and report to the class sing books, maps and a globe.
Students research for the individual paper.
Students research for three hours in the school library.
Students research from the Internet to produce a multi-fold travel brochure on China.
Students research historical events and participate in competitions related to history.
Students research how soils have influenced the history of the United States.
Students research information from the Revolutionary war.
Students research investments and make buy, sell or hold recommendations.
Students research issues.
Students research local plant and animal life in media center and via Internet.
Students research on Mountain Lions and text presentations of their work.
Students research one aspect of medieval life and create artwork to describe it.
Students research one weather disaster and produce a broadcast about it .
Students research possible occupations for their snowmen and write about the results.
Students research related topics like watershed use.
Students research religious leaders of New France and the groups to which they belonged.
Students research several Internet sites providing population statistics.
Students research specific industries and visit local industrial plants.
Students research specific issues in greater depth in the lab segment.
Students research specific leaders, their cultures, their organizations and their leadership styles.
Students research specific problems and develop potential solutions.
Students research specific topics from lecture content to develop depth in the issue.
Students research specific Wyoming political issues.
Students research subject matter and have oral critiques.
Students research the answers to an interesting and extensive list of state-based questions.
Students research the application and adaptation of various systems and manufacturers products.
Students research the art of the Northwest Coast natives to learn about their culture and their art.
Students research the average monthly precipitation and temperature for their biome for one year.
Students research the Canadian space program.
Students research the company and write a short paper about it.
Students research the cost of a family member who has an alcohol problem.
Students research the country to find the answer to the question.
Students research the development of karsts in general.
Students research the different occupations of the colonial citizens.
Students research the ecological role that each stage of the life cycle of the frog plays.
Students research the effects of inhalants.
Students research the effects of microgravity on the human body during space travel.
Students research the employers to decide which employers match their interests.
Students research the environmental pros and cons of both materials.
Students research the essay during forming of the two polar coalitions.
Students research the historical events, people, discoveries, and inventions of a decade.
Students research the instruments, styles, notation systems, composers, and repertory of the guitar.
Students research the Internet and write a history.
Students research the internet to find information about the coyote's adaptations.
Students research the invited companies or businesses prior to their visits to the schools.
Students research the issues and develop speeches to support their side.
Students research the issues in the areas of education and criminal justice.
Students research the legal impact of the epidemic.
Students research the length of time the different animals take for their life cycles.
Students research the life of and read at least two books by one of their favorite authors.
Students research the most current tools of astronomers.
Students research the names and formulae for common acids.
Students research the origin and history of a tool in their shop.
Students research the person, time-period, culture, etc.
Students research the problem and possible solutions using a variety of sources.
Students research the recipes of the country they select.
Students research the religious and immigrant history of their own families.
Students research the topic or theme in conjunction with a faculty mentor.
Students research the unique characteristics of a planet and present their findings to the class.
Students research the uses of fission and fusion technology and the effects of radiation.
Students research the variety of ways animals disperse seeds and pollinate plants.
Students research the weather on the Internet and write dialog for special segments.
Students research the whale of their choice and discover information from different sources.
Students research their approved person and begin to construct their final product.
Students research their choices and make a presentation about their lives.
Students research their chosen topic and prepare a report on their findings.
Students research their communities and create a town web page.
Students research their cultural heritage and produce a display for the fair.
Students research their cultural heritage, family background, and backyard history.
Students research their own science topics using multiple resources, including the internet.
Students research their own topic, write a paper, and defend the research before the seminar.
Students research their particular person or topic in encyclopedias, quote books, and the Internet.
Students research their past and plan for their future.
Students research their plant or animal for one class period.
Students research their positions.
Students research their projects using both traditional and Web resources.
Students research their question and develop their part of the overall visual display.
Students research their selected authors.
Students research their specific disease and prepare a two page typed report.
Students research their subtopics individually.
Students research their topic and report to their committee group.
Students research their topic in the library, on video and on the Internet.
Students research their topic.
Students research their topics with their groups using the library and internet research resources.
Students research to find evidence of each of the three levels.
Students research to find the answer.
Students research tobacco facts.
Students research tobacco ingredients using valid sources of information.
Students research traditional and emerging career opportunities in music.
Students research various diseases for symptoms, treatments, and cures.
Students research weekly topics using a variety of resources.
Students research what life is like in the developing country mentioned in the letter they receive.
Students research what problems started in Spain or an area of their choice.
Students research what the diet is for each of the stages of the frog.
Students resent being forced to take the course.
Students resent others using their ideas.
Students reserve advisement appointments by writing their names on the sign-up sheets.
Students reside at the hospital's convenient and comfortable accommodations for foreign guests.
Students reside either singly or in pairs in private Argentinian homes.
Students reside four-person suites with each suite having a private bath and a telephone jack.
Students reside in air-conditioned dormitories with resident faculty members on each floor.
Students reside in campus residence halls and take their meals on campus.
Students reside in four-person suites equipped with a private bath.
Students reside in four-person suites with each suite having a private bath and a telephone jack.
Students reside in French homes.
Students reside in French households.
Students reside in furnished apartments or a residential hotel.
Students reside in furnished flats in Bath and prepare their own meals.
Students reside in furnished Greek-style residence halls.
Students reside in furnished residential flats in the City of Bath.
Students reside in furnished rooms in Reykjavik and in hotels while on excursions.
Students reside in homes.
Students reside in homestays and take breakfast and dinner with the family.
Students reside in homestays in Santiago and hotels or hostels while traveling.
Students reside in homestays.
Students reside in luxury apartments supervised by house-parents.
Students reside in one of three separate programs on the campus.
Students reside in pairs in private Mexican homes.
Students reside in pre-arranged housing.
Students reside in school-owned chalets.
Students reside in single study-bedrooms in one of seven halls and colleges.
Students reside in single study-bedrooms in one of the four colleges.
Students reside in supervised, gender-separate residence halls.
Students reside in the college dormitories, eat in the campus cafeteria and experience college life.
Students reside in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area.
Students reside in twin rooms in carefully selected host families or in a student residence.
Students reside in twin rooms in carefully selected host families.
Students reside in university dormitories.
Students reside in university halls of residence, student houses, or in university flats.
Students reside off campus and commute to classes.
Students reside on single-sex halls in single, double, or triple rooms which are assigned randomly.
Students reside on the grounds to attend intensive main courses for two to five weeks at a time.
Students reside on the third floor of the building.
Students reside throughout the city, although more than half live within one mile of campus.
Students reside throughout the world.
Students reside with a host family while in Bulgaria.
Students reside with host families, where they are have morning and evening meals.
Students residence open all year long.
Students residing in all halls have in-room access to the campus residential network.
Students residing in dormitories are less likely to be at risk for infection.
Students residing in halls also have direct access to the campus network from their own bedrooms.
Students residing in Minnesota are eligible to apply for admission.
Students residing in other residence halls are eligible for X permits.
Students residing in the apartments have the option of participating in the board contract.
Students residing in the dormitory program are typically between the ages of five and twenty-one.
Students residing inside the district receive priority over students residing outside the district.
Students residing off campus can choose from any of the meal plans or optional spending accounts.
Students residing on post attend the Richmond County schools in bold print.
Students residing outside of Canada can also take our courses.
Students residing within the school's attendance zone are automatically eligible.
Students resign themselves to ignorance.
Students resister for one semester of physical education and one semester of music.
Students resolve a dispute in the Professional Conduct Day video.
Students resolve any discrepancies in their answers by reviewing the book.
Students respect a teacher's firsthand experience more than any other kind of knowledge.
Students respect others' personal property.
Students respect teachers for their profession.
Students respect the rights and responsibilities of citizens in a democratic society.
Students respect their teachers and have fun in class.
Students respectfully question one another's ideas.
Students respond accordingly.
Students respond and intellectualism prevails.
Students respond anonymously and on a voluntary basis.
Students respond appropriately to more complex spoken and written Latin.
Students respond appropriately using dollars and cents, or target language currency.
Students respond best to concrete examples followed by theoretical explanations.
Students respond best when the course requirements match their individual learning style.
Students respond by naming the kachina and pointing to the detail.
Students respond by stating behavior that indicates good listening skills.
Students respond by writing answer on paper.
Students respond critically to ideas in written and spoken language.
Students respond critically to the writing of other students.
Students respond directly to company postings.
Students respond directly to employer opportunities by sending a letter of application and resume.
Students respond directly to employers.
Students respond directly to the question or issue, keeping their responses short and to the point.
Students respond enthusiastically to actually meeting and discussing topics with each other.
Students respond enthusiastically to both counseling components year after year.
Students respond extremely well.
Students respond favorably to multimedia instruction.
Students respond immediately to change in instruction.
Students respond in a literature log.
Students respond in electronic journal and save to disk.
Students respond in journals.
Students respond in their own words about a given topic.
Students respond in writing for one minute and pass in their answers.
Students respond in writing to key questions across the curriculum.
Students respond in writing to their first impressions life of as a Vietnam soldier.
Students respond independently.
Students respond individually or in groups.
Students respond most favorably to teachers who learn their names.
Students respond orally to the following questions.
Students respond orally to the ideas and images.
Students respond positively to being liked and to being accepted and respected members of the class.
Students respond positively to learning community experiences in many ways.
Students respond positively to materials that are tailored for their use.
Students respond quickly to the stimulus and work to teach each other.
Students respond to a computer-based survey that questions their eating, exercise and safety habits.
Students respond to a question or to a prompt from the instructor.
Students respond to a questionnaire concerning their perceptions about chemicals.
Students respond to a series of fourteen questions that are organized into four exercises.
Students respond to all questions on a seven-point scale.
Students respond to and benefit from that kind of commitment.
Students respond to assigned questions via e-mail during the first few days of the week.
Students respond to assignments which are designed to highlight specific concepts and skills.
Students respond to current case studies to illuminate their assigned topics.
Students respond to discussion questions in lecture.
Students respond to each other online as well as in an ongoing dialogue.
Students respond to emergency calls and assist paramedics in providing emergency care.
Students respond to frequently occurring situations in culturally appropriate ways.
Students respond to Heath, based on their own experiences and observations.
Students respond to how the study of jazz affected their approach to writing.
Students respond to independent reading through a variety of group and individual activities.
Students respond to lessons.
Students respond to literature creatively in different ways.
Students respond to material in class discussion forums.
Students respond to math-related literature.
Students respond to others ideas, requests for information, confusions, self-ratings, and so on.
Students respond to projections of love and fear in kind.
Students respond to queries about their website.
Students respond to questions about the scenarios.
Students respond to questions by discussing answers and having to agree on answers by consensus.
Students respond to questions given in class.
Students respond to questions in class.
Students respond to questions of the day or questions of the week.
Students respond to questions, statements, commands, or other stimuli.
Students respond to reading activities in a variety of ways.
Students respond to readings both orally and in writing.
Students respond to readings in class discussion and writing assignments.
Students respond to requests from communities for technical support, training and assistance.
Students respond to routine calls with paramedic units.
Students respond to scenarios.
Students respond to school, community and global feedback.
Students respond to simple questions, statements, commands, or other stimuli.
Students respond to someone that can provide sincere interest and enthusiasm.
Students respond to statements.
Students respond to story in workbooks or on prepared worksheets.
Students respond to story through personal and authentic activities.
Students respond to technology because it combines words, pictures, sound and action.
Students respond to the book rap language and enjoy using it.
Students respond to the essays of other students.
Students respond to the letter, giving a thoughtful response and well-reasoned advice.
Students respond to the literature with required composition and speech assignments.
Students respond to the persistent racism in American society.
Students respond to the program with a remote control.
Students respond to the question.
Students respond to the situation by playing volleyball.
Students respond to the topic of stress individually.
Students respond to their assignments, followed by an in-class critique.
Students respond to their exploration through photography.
Students respond to their instructor's enthusiasm about computer-assisted instruction.
Students respond to what they read both orally and in writing.
Students respond to works of art and to poetry written about actual paintings and sculptures.
Students respond various answers.
Students respond verbally to specific oral questions.
Students respond verbally.
Students respond very strongly to the graphic depiction of the inhumanity and insanity of the war.
Students respond very well to the experience and the animals love it also.
Students respond well to challenging relevant assignments.
Students respond well to feedback from other students and teachers.
Students respond well to gradually adding information.
Students respond well to praise.
Students respond well to the many approaches taken for each knowledge and skill.
Students respond well to things they perceive as relevant.
Students respond with community service.
Students respond with different answers.
Students respond with interest and motivation to teachers who appear to be human and caring.
Students respond with interpretations.
Students respond with longer answers .
Students respond with oral or written questions.
Students respond with smiles.
Students respond with their reactions to the music.
Students respond yes or no.
Students responding at the buzzer can finish and be scored.
Students responses to the visit are positive and enlightening.
Students restate information that has been gathered.
Students restate the problem twice to make the problem more clear and defined.
Students restate what they have read in their own words.
Students restore a pond.
Students resurrect a Michigan town that now boasts a new Finnish line.
Students retain access while they are currently registered for classes.
Students retain all of their summer income for work beyond twelve weeks.
Students retain all other rights to their production.
Students retain all rights to their materials.
Students retain and understand knowledge much better.
Students retain complete autonomy with respect to selection, editing, and publication of articles.
Students retain drafts to complete further work Students assess individual and group performance.
Students retain ethical responsibility for their own actions.
Students retain full control as to who has access to their records or accounts.
Students retain full editing capability while being able to read and discuss each other's papers.
Students retain grammar better when they practice it within a context.
Students retain information better and learn faster.
Students retain information longer.
Students retain information when they see a reason for learning it.
Students retain information.
Students retain little at the end of the course.
Students retain more material when their lessons are shorter and they have more breaks.
Students retain more when they connect what they've learned with real-life examples.
Students retain ownership of the books.
Students retain the credit for modules completed if there is a break in their studies.
Students retain the power to disrupt and to block or at least slow down certain reforms.
Students retain the right to appeal the acceptance of credits.
Students retain the same e-mail account and address throughout their academic career.
Students retain their rights to all school programs, classes and clubs.
Students retake only the areas they have failed.
Students retaking subjects have the right to sit exams.
Students retaliate by batting bricks.
Students retell from perspective.
Students retool their junior seminar paper into a conference paper under individual direction.
Students retrace the early days of Jamestown through an online odyssey.
Students retrieve a statistical table, then answer several questions.
Students retrieve assignments, read articles, and complete the multiple-choice tests.
Students retrieve information relevant to the course material using library and Internet resources.
Students retrieve their samples and keep the data secret.
Students return after their unforgettable flight.
Students return all test-related materials at sign out.
Students return and realize just how much they learned from the people they helped.
Students return books at their cost, or arrange to return with their professor.
Students return during school breaks and summers to engage in workshops and retreats.
Students return from Oldenburg with a second language as well as many good memories.
Students return from the beach and all students prepare to go home.
Students return from their exchanges with new perspectives on their education and lives.
Students return home and realize how much their hometown has changed.
Students return home at the end of each class day.
Students return home on weekends.
Students return home to complete the thesis with a local adviser.
Students return home with an increased interest in national, state, and local matters.
Students return homes.
Students return individually.
Students return order forms and payments to their teachers.
Students return tapes at the end of the semester.
Students return tests.
Students return the at-home assignment when they take the second part of the exam on campus.
Students return the CD-ROM disk at the end of the semester.
Students return the completed form to the registrar s office.
Students return to a class as a whole.
Students return to a workshop to discuss methodological and other problems encountered.
Students return to assigned groups, the teacher returns their copies with suggestions.
Students return to campus for one additional semester.
Students return to campus.
Students return to class and discuss what was found.
Students return to class as quickly as possible.
Students return to class.
Students return to complete the Final level.
Students return to computer and make revisions from their original file.
Students return to desk and on a sheet of paper they rate the stories.
Students return to desks.
Students return to draft of speech.
Students return to etudes -powered courses because, time and time again, they succeed.
Students return to group.
Students return to groups for fifteen minutes to explore the articles in their section.
Students return to lab to analyze data.
Students return to large group and decide what the compasses are registering.
Students return to normal activities.
Students return to our campus twice during field placements for practicum seminars.
Students return to regular classes for the remainder of the day.
Students return to same school.
Students return to school to do homework or read poetry.
Students return to school to reflect on their experiences both in writing and classroom discussions.
Students return to school with more than wet sneakers and sunburns.
Students return to school.
Students return to see the quilts after they have left our building.
Students return to small groups and compare and share data recorded.
Students return to teams to compare notes.
Students return to the basic force model to use it for the next series of models.
Students return to the classroom for their entire senior year.
Students return to the classroom to reflect on their experience through papers or creative projects.
Students return to the constant velocity model to examine free fall.
Students return to the home campus for their second year of study.
Students return to the places in which they stood at the start of class.
Students return to the television class for more specialized instruction from broadcasting students.
Students return to the workshop later to manufacture a component that they have designed themselves.
Students return to their city committees and begin the data evaluation process.
Students return to their classrooms excited and ready to learn.
Students return to their experiments to see which sponge retained more water.
Students return to their home groups.
Students return to their home school for the afternoon session.
Students return to their home schools in the afternoon to complete science and math requirements.
Students return to their homerooms for snack time.
Students return to their homerooms to reflect upon their experiences.
Students return to their homes and have nine months to complete their seminar assignments.
Students return to their original groups and teach what they have learned to the other members.
Students return to their original groups and teach what they have learned to their group members.
Students return to their own high school bands as a improved performers.
Students return to their schools empowered to be positive influencers and more effective leaders.
Students return to their seats with their results.
Students return to their sites and are picked up or walk home.
Students return to urban neighborhoods to work with teens.
Students return videotapes to the VIP after a two week viewing period.
Students return with a changed outlook on their lives and, often, their potential careers.
Students return with a greater global-mindedness.
Students return with practical information that can be applied the first day back on the job.
Students returning assignments via airmail are responsible for costs of airmail postage.
Students returning from inactive status or re-admitted students are ineligible for refunds.
Students returning from leave have until the end of the first week of classes.
Students returning from study abroad feel adrift and changed by their experience.
Students returning to high school or post-secondary institutions are eligible.
Students returning to the farm with a four-year degree represent a welcome trend.
Students returning to the halls in the fall select their rooms at Room Draw the previous spring.
Students returning to their same room next year have first priority to their current room.
Students reveal ancient pits by troweling the top of subsoil.
Students reveal information they've just learned from the story.
Students reveal their understanding of how soil is made and learn about the ingredients of soil.
Students reverse engineer a fabricated product and come up with the blank.
Students review a broad spectrum of comparative research and writing.
Students review a list of words and then compete against each other to see who is the best speller.
Students review a sample electricity bill and calculate the cost of electricity.
Students review a videotape showing various types of conflicts involving their peers.
Students review actual copies of coverage and write their own sample analysis.
Students review and acquire specific vocabulary and structures.
Students review and analyze current research.
Students review and assess project plans and installations.
Students review and build on accounting cycles and applications through a computerized project.
Students review and critique a number of published articles.
Students review and critique each other's work and local exhibitions.
Students review and expand their knowledge of grammar and vocabulary.
Students review and focus on the most important ideas covered during the class.
Students review and further their study of Koine and Attic vocabulary, morphology and syntax.
Students review and further their study of Koine vocabulary, morphology and syntax.
Students review and learn to evaluate the current literature.
Students review and practice active listening skills and assertiveness skills.
Students review and practice grammar items and analyze sentences.
Students review and practice the six process steps of information literacy.
Students review and prepare cases for sessions.
Students review and synthesize learning issues and determine priorities.
Students review and use applied economics as a tool for analyzing public policy.
Students review any unfamiliar vocabulary.
Students review approaches.
Students review articles and other students' writings and critiques.
Students review articles and write summary using review guidelines.
Students review basic concepts of differential and integral calculus.
Students review basic grammatical concepts and learn advanced Spanish grammar.
Students review basic ideas about international trade from previous lessons.
Students review basic language structures and vocabulary as well as develop new language skills.
Students review basic mathematical concepts and problem-solving techniques.
Students review basic skills through daily warm-up exercises.
Students review basic strokes and practice serves and volleying.
Students review bidding methods and learn more advanced techniques as the course progresses.
Students review case studies of ethical conflicts in engineering practice.
Students review classical biological concepts and hypotheses and new developments in biology.
Students review collected data and draw maps.
Students review component alignment criteria.
Students review course selections with parents.
Students review court cases involving legal disputes surrounding actual construction projects.
Students review current actions and formulate their actions for future involvement.
Students review current educational children s TV programs, take a commercial parenting course.
Students review design and construction plans.
Students review drama terms in anticipation of turning the story into a play.
Students review each other's work and discuss musical and technical issues.
Students review elements of grammar usage and mechanics.
Students review examples of internal and external influences.
Students review fact sheet.
Students review facts.
Students review files, draft complaints and prepare for hearings and witness interviews.
Students review fundamental editing concepts, select clips for editing and set-up the computer.
Students review fundamental math principles.
Students review fundamental nursing concepts and basic nursing skills.
Students review grammar and learn to edit and proofread their work.
Students review grammar and vocabulary in the texts.
Students review grammar troublespots and practice writing paragraphs in English.
Students review grammar, punctuation, and usage.
Students review grammatical concepts to prepare for college entrance exams.
Students review headlines for a week, looking for math in the news.
Students review in detail the problem or issue they'll be discussing on their show.
Students review information in summaries and begin role research.
Students review information, do role-playing, and practice taking sexual histories.
Students review informational articles and binders.
Students review keywords and subject headings.
Students review language and grammar skills taught throughout the year.
Students review lessons.
Students review literature and use exercises to promote awareness of nonverbal message exchanges.
Students review literature on special topics of research.
Students review major advances in the sciences, the arts, and society.
Students review many materials and plan centers of interest.
Students review map for legends and other key symbols and abbreviations.
Students review materials from previous studies and integrate information.
Students review methods of content comprehension and vocabulary development.
Students review non-restricted instruments of various types in small groups.
Students review normal anatomy of the brain, chest, abdomen, pelvis, and neck and spine.
Students review papers in pharmacology.
Students review paragraphs and begin writing multi-paragraph essays.
Students review parts of speech and usage, sentence patterns, basic punctuation, and capitalization.
Students review pertinent literature, and present and discuss specific topics of interest.
Students review pertinent research literature, and present and discuss specific topics of interest.
Students review primary, secondary, and tertiary colors and the use of the color wheel.
Students review proper use of the microscope.
Students review psychological principles, theories and concepts of human social interaction.
Students review research in dietetics and make presentations to groups.
Students review research literature and present and discuss specific topics of interest.
Students review research used in the profession.
Students review risks of tobacco products.
Students review sequencing months and seasons.
Students review several classical expert systems and discuss the current state of the art.
Students review skills obtained in beginning swimming.
Students review special administrative techniques used for staffing, promotion, and accreditation.
Students review steps for achieving a goal.
Students review suffixes, prefixes, roots, and combining forms that have been previously introduced.
Students review system design techniques, form teams, and begin the development of an end product.
Students review tapes in a small group with a faculty facilitator.
Students review team scores between rounds to strategize on how to approach the next test.
Students review techniques.
Students review the alphabet sounds, in order to begin to apply phonics to reading.
Students review the bank during each session.
Students review the basic concepts and operations of mathematics.
Students review the chart material and begin the patient encounter.
Students review the components of grammar and the development of the paragraph.
Students review the current theories of organization development and organizational change.
Students review the fundamental operations with whole numbers, fractions, and decimals.
Students review the history of photography and practice creative solutions to visual problems.
Students review the job descriptions and decide whether to apply for available positions.
Students review the links and answer questions.
Students review the menstrual cycle and sperm production.
Students review the origin of the Nobel Peace Prize and consider recognizing local peacemakers.
Students review the parts of speech and learn basic writing skills.
Students review the parts of speech and mechanics as needed in their writing.
Students review the questions presented, then read the article or view other materials.
Students review the role of microbes in the environment and their affect on food and water quality.
Students review the sheets to select a mentor.
Students review the site and answer questions on the worksheet.
Students review the site on a regular basis and apply during a designated week.
Students review the sonnet form i.e. structure, meter and rhythm.
Students review the sounds they have been taught.
Students review the steps for finding volume by water displacement.
Students review the theoretical bases of an integrated approach to teaching the language arts.
Students review the Uniform Commercial Code as it relates to acquisition and basic contract law.
Students review the Uniform Commercial Code as it relates to acquisitions and basic contract law.
Students review the various compression formats for both audio and video.
Students review their knowledge of ancient myths.
Students review their knowledge of geographic location and terms.
Students review their market positions and risk management strategies weekly in class discussions.
Students review their notes one last time before entering the exam hall.
Students review their previous visit with a tree observation and identification game on the trail.
Students review theories of community and analyze representative community studies.
Students review theories of organization and administration of school health education programs.
Students review training on relevant topics and receive retraining as necessary.
Students review type and role of suppliers as well as legal considerations.
Students review usage, punctuation, capitalization, sentence structure, and grammar.
Students review vital science information and have fun in the process.
Students review vocabulary and grammer from the first year, and add present perfect and dative case.
Students review vocabulary needed to understand the idioms.
Students review vocabulary on fast food.
Students review what is necessary to maintain a house with a family or alone as a single parent.
Students reviews course selections with parents.
Students revise and add to the portfolios as they continue to grow and change.
Students revise and edit stories.
Students revise answers to the questions assigned in small groups.
Students revise at least three of their papers.
Students revise first drafts and publish writing in a variety of ways.
Students revise once more before turning in final version.
Students revise questions.
Students revise their guesswork.
Students revise their illustrations, if necessary.
Students revise their notes as required.
Students revise their opinion pieces based on peer comments and bring a finished draft to class.
Students revise their poems and stories effectively and efficiently.
Students revise their research reports.
Students revise their response after viewing the slides a second time.
Students revise their rough drafts.
Students revise their work and develop skills used by successful writers.
Students revise their work based on feedback until they meet or exceed the performance standard.
Students revise their writing more.
Students revise their writing using various techniques.
Students Revise Their Writing.
Students revisit key themes, sequence scenes, and develop, record, write, and read their own books.
Students revisit the questions and share out as a whole class.
Students revive differentiated instruction and clustering to meet their needs.
Students rewrite ads in correct form.
Students rewrite misspelled words and the entire poem.
Students rewrite or dictate a variation of a predictable story by using different word patterns.
Students rewrite responses.
Students rewrite the list, using the headings to group numbers for easier reference.
Students rewrite the story in modern terms.
Students rewrite their pieces.
Students ride at a reduced rate.
Students ride buses to each location.
Students ride each day on the lunge line.
Students ride for free by showing their BuckID .
Students ride for free.
Students ride in a fun, safe, friendly, Christian atmosphere.
Students ride in equestrian events.
Students ride in small groups.
Students ride one shift with a police officer.
Students ride school horses.
Students ride the bus to and from their neighborhood each day.
Students ride the school bus around to tour the plant.
Students ride their own motorcycles.
Students riding buses stay in the classroom until bus arrives on campus.
Students riding second run buses sit in the cafeteria until given further instructions.
Students riding the bus wait in their classrooms until their bus arrives.
Students rightfully expect clarity and precision in classroom communications.
Students rightly assume that what is on the board is important.
Students ring and damp as the appropriate word is chanted.
Students rip the strip the rest of the way when they are ready to use it.
Students rise early to begin their daily routine.
Students rise in level by completing an accuracy and speed screen.
Students rise to meet the challenges and expectations held by a caring and respectful teacher.
Students rise to the challenge of problems that require thinking.
Students rise to the occasion.
Students risk actual consequences from exploring their own bodies and the bodies of others.
Students rnust exhibit oral and written proficiency in a language other-than English.
Students rock back and forth, thumping Bibles against their hips to the uplifting gospel beat.
Students roleplay appropriate elements and place themselves in relation to each other.
Students roll a car down a ramp and into a block of wood.
Students roll a marble down a ramp with one end of the ramp set at different heights.
Students roll a special fraction die and put toppings on their crust.
Students roll balls down inclined planes and plot graphs of the measured positions and times.
Students roll dice of red, yellow and blue.
Students roll dice on the net for statistical analysis and probability.
Students roll die to see who goes first.
Students roll out of bed and fight with each other over bathroom time.
Students roll the bottle in one direction, and the bottle responds by rolling back the other way.
Students roll the dice.
Students roll the die and speak about the topic corresponding to their number.
Students roll the two cubes and record their answers on an answer sheet similar to the one below.
Students roll to determine who goes first.
Students room in a hotel along with participants from all over the country.
Students rotate among jobs, which have specific classifications like advertising or office work.
Students rotate among the tables and talk one on one with the industry professionals.
Students rotate around to the different stations and practice the various skills.
Students rotate between the three teachers to receive their daily instruction.
Students rotate by class into a different workshop for a three, four, or five week period.
Students rotate classes for math, English, social studies, and science.
Students rotate during the semester between jobs as content producers and news editors.
Students rotate each period of the day.
Students rotate from one service to another, one hospital to another.
Students rotate from station to station and solve science related problems.
Students rotate from their current area to the next according to a regular rotation pattern.
Students rotate from work to school on a semester or quarterly basis.
Students rotate in job approximately five times during the year.
Students rotate in several placements for one morning a week throughout the school year.
Students rotate in three research labs in the first three quarters of graduate school.
Students rotate job assignments daily.
Students rotate jobs each week to gain experience with each.
Students rotate monthly through various indoor and outdoor work assignments.
Students rotate on emergency call at the hospital.
Students rotate on night and weekend call as part of the team.
Students rotate papers clockwise.
Students rotate platoon level leadership roles.
Students rotate seating in various sections of the orchestra to help train future section leaders.
Students rotate the hopping duty.
Students rotate the leadership responsibility for the weekly group work.
Students rotate through a circuit of five stations.
Students rotate through a different medical specialty each week.
Students rotate through a minimum of two laboratories by the middle of their second year.
Students rotate through a series of nine to ten stations sponsored by local agencies.
Students rotate through a trauma intensive care unit.
Students rotate through all clinical areas of the hospital.
Students rotate through all crew positions and learn techniques of producing and directing.
Students rotate through all of the laboratories during the year.
Students rotate through all of the production and on air staff positions.
Students rotate through all of the production and on-air staff positions.
Students rotate through at least two laboratories during the first year.
Students rotate through centers in the classroom and explore on their own.
Students rotate through clinical settings.
Students rotate through clinical sites.
Students rotate through each faculty member's laboratory in their first semester of graduate study.
Students rotate through guided centers.
Students rotate through individual laboratories of their choice during the first year of study.
Students rotate through kitchen, dining room, and bakery lab positions on a weekly basis.
Students rotate through metroplex hospitals, participating in a wide variety of procedures.
Students rotate through metroplex hospitals, using a wide variety of ultrasound equipment.
Students rotate through numerous clinical sites in Pittsburgh and the surrounding region.
Students rotate through ongoing research laboratories.
Students rotate through other areas during their course here as well.
Students rotate through outside lab oratories related to the cytology program.
Students rotate through outside laboratories related to the cytology program.
Students rotate through selected research laboratories to obtain knowledge and expertise.
Students rotate through several activities, some of which involve their use of the computer.
Students rotate through several laboratories prior to initiating their dissertation research.
Students rotate through several project based subject areas.
Students rotate through several workshops - computer, film, drama, art, etc.
Students rotate through study stations in small groups and are closely supervised.
Students rotate through the clinical settings.
Students rotate through the different leaming stations to immerse themselves in the Bible topic.
Students rotate through the four six-week modules over two terms.
Students rotate through the four teachers.
Students rotate through the laboratories of selected faulty members.
Students rotate through the local community and surrounding areas.
Students rotate through the major laboratories of the department.
Students rotate through the operating rooms of the various cooperating hospitals.
Students rotate through the various workshops according to their specific interests.
Students rotate through three laboratories during the first year.
Students rotate through three research labs during their first year.
Students rotate through three stations.
Students rotate through two working stations, each facilitated by an instructor.
Students rotate through urban and rural settings, experiencing all major areas of medicine.
Students rotate through urban, suburban and rural settings, experiencing all areas of medicine.
Students rotate through various dental facilities.
Students rotate through various specialties and disciplines in clinical and community medicine.
Students rotate through work stations in actual logging operation.
Students rotate throughout the garden and experience indoor and outdoor horticulture.
Students rotate throughout the stations and facilitators keep the discussions focused.
Students rotate to a new feeding station and repeat the practice and actual collection of food.
Students rotate to affiliate hospitals for surgical experience.
Students rotate to be the main anchor, lunch menu announcer, AV operator and camera operator.
Students rotate to eight different workshops throughout the day.
Students rotate to four stations representing varying environments.
Students rotate to new tasks in each experiment.
Students rotate to three stations supervised by adults.
Students rotate to various stations in small groups where skills are demonstrated and practiced.
Students rotate with a time limit to answer questions.
Students round each weekday with the attending physicians on all patients.
Students round out the nine-course major with five or six electives.
Students round out their education with English, mathematics, and social science courses.
Students routinely access the Internet ten or more times a day in search of information.
Students routinely assess faculty.
Students routinely assess themselves.
Students routinely evaluate programs and activities in which they participate.
Students routinely face hardships.
Students routinely invite the community in to view and listen to what they have learned.
Students routinely meet as a group to discuss progress and evaluate their experiences.
Students routinely monitor water quality, fish growth, and health, and harvest fish for stocking.
Students routinely participate in on-going bulletin board discussions with faculty and classmates.
Students routinely participate in such projects.
Students routinely perform examinations on simulated patients and diagnose the conditions portrayed.
Students routinely score significantly higher than state averages on standardized tests.
Students routinely serve on campus governance and policy-making committees.
Students routinely show a lack of respect for their teachers.
Students routinely take courses at both institutions.
Students routinely transfer in interior design course work from other institutions.
Students routinely use a graphing calculator.
Students routinely use computers to prepare documents, solve decision matrices, etc.
Students routinely wonder why they have to study thinkers dead for centuries.
Students routinely work with teachers, peers, and community members.
Students row for exercise and simply for enjoyment on the campus lakes.
Students rub it to get A's on their finals.
Students rub sticks to create imaginary fire.
Students rub the stamen against the dark paper.
Students rub the stamen over the pistil.
Students rub their eyes in frustration as the merciless clock ticks.
Students run a certain number of consultancy office-hours a week.
Students run a mock election for the school and publicize the results.
Students run a simulation and trace the reactants as they undergo recombination into products.
Students run a sizable clinic for first aid cases as well as a simple library.
Students run across, back and forth, without a second glance.
Students run all trials and serve as judges, attorneys, and investigators throughout the process.
Students run and learn from hotel-based applications downloaded from the server to the laptops.
Students run close-register jobs and learn to better control ink coverage.
Students run down and around and it looks like a snow cone.
Students Run down of the year.
Students run errands, do library searches, data entry, and other office duties as assigned.
Students run events for wounded veterans and the chronically ill.
Students run for election for a period of one trimester.
Students run for office, develop resolutions and argue cases before their peers.
Students run hardware experiments and perform a term project on the analysis of a variety of chips.
Students run it.
Students run laps around cones that form a loop.
Students run once a week.
Students run one at a time, take one beanbag, and return to the group.
Students run programs weekly, and interpret the output in written reports.
Students run revised procedures on each other.
Students run riot in beach town .
Students run the class by asking their prepared questions.
Students run the community service programs with the help of a faculty advisor.
Students run the enterprises as real businesses.
Students run the facility through elected committees.
Students run the gamut of ages, vocations and motivations.
Students run the group.
Students run the mag stripe through a reader as they check out, without having to produce cash.
Students run the risk of being guinea pigs.
Students run the school's own postal system.
Students run the slide show and discuss or interject as needed during the time their slide is up.
Students run the stores, supervised by two teachers.
Students run the tool remotely from a single application server.
Students run the whole show.
Students run their own experiments and analyze the data.
Students run their own Web server, which houses personal homepages and organization sites.
Students run their programs on the computers in the school.
Students run through paths, sometimes chased by a pack of friendly dogs.
Students run two miles at meets.
Students run various vending enterprises.
Students run, pass and use teamwork and strategy.
Students rush from class to class, from the library to the campus center, from work to the gym.
Students rush to get supplies - bowls of water and sheets of paper towels.
Students sacrifice a Volkswagen in the name of tradition.
Students sail and control a boat in simulated emergencies and obtain ability in jury rigging.
Students sail their own boat while being coached from a safety launch.
Students sail, canoe, row, swim, kayak, fish, scuba dive, and snorkel.
Students sample a stream.
Students sample from the blues experience both as observers and as creators.
Students sample the organisms of a pond and stream and discuss their ecology and adaptations.
Students satisfactorily complete a required program of studies.
Students satisfy most of the course requirements during the first two years of study.
Students satisfy the credit hour requirements for each degree program.
Students save example java and html files.
Students save hundreds of dollars by having the course in Nashville.
Students save image.
Students save money on auto insurance and reduce violation points.
Students save onto their disk.
Students save prototype html pages.
Students save summary to disk.
Students save their data and return to it for homework assignments throughout the course.
Students save their information on a disk as they go from one station to another.
Students save their information.
Students save their money until the monthly auction held on the last friday of the month.
Students save their work again under a different name.
Students save their work on disk to take home or back to school.
Students save time and the expense of travel and meals.
Students save valuable time and energy getting to and from campus by viewing programs on videotape.
Students save valuable time and energy getting to and from campus.
Students save, find a job, pay for living expenses, and plan for the future.
Students say . . .
Students Say . . .
Students say a good career search requires the equivalent effort of between one and two courses.
Students say administrators often restrict what they can write in student publications.
Students say aid awards, usually in place when classes begin, have been delayed again.
Students say all the hard work is worthwhile.
Students say beauty in ideas, but hard to implement in the corporate world.
Students say bring in any material they wish.
Students say commitment to education is a continual process.
Students say every creation in the show is unique and reflects their creative talents.
Students say faculty embody the ideas and principles they present for students to emulate.
Students say grace together before lunch in their homeroom.
Students say handling stress takes many different forms.
Students say it helps break down some of their more cynical audiences.
Students say it is a useful tool.
Students say it is on television too late at night.
Students say it s a feeling in the air warm, relaxed, friendly, inviting.
Students say it's a miracle that they are now diving.
Students say it's hard to break the stereotypes, and many say little is being done to try.
Students say it's hard to get revved up for a team without a campus home.
Students say learning is more fun.
Students say math is their favorite subject.
Students say most of their drug education is taught here by their teachers.
Students say one letter at a time until the word is spelled correctly.
Students say one of the big advantages in Owen Sound is that the campus is just the right size.
Students say one of their peers was caught with marijuana.
Students say producing the award-winning video was a team effort.
Students say representatives from the office failed to show up.
Students say school spirit runs unusally high.
Students say something about the library makes sparks fly.
Students say surveillance cameras help to identify the perpetrators after the fact.
Students say that it matters when teachers know their names.
Students say that s censorship.
Students say that teachers in the states are stricter, and have shorter tempers.
Students say that the forms are easy and intuitive.
Students say that the great outdoors provide some of the best study locations.
Students say that the small departments enhance their learning.
Students say that the traditional gathering in the park is here to stay.
Students say that they utilize the lectures in various ways.
Students say that's the only thing they can do.
Students say the codes are too strict and confusing.
Students say the feedback is helpful and that they learn criticism is survivable, even useful.
Students say the few weeks of preparation sharpen their skills in writing and oral advocacy.
Students say the forum helped ease some concerns, but brought up the important issue of hate crimes.
Students say the health centers are invaluable.
Students say the helicopter is an impressive thing that grabs their attention.
Students say the integrated lessons seem to work.
Students say the lines or the corresponding letters in the correct sequence.
Students say the name of each item, discuss what the names have in common.
Students say the personal attention they receive is hall mark.
Students say the program makes it easier to return to school.
Students say the real issue is respect, or lack thereof.
Students say the rigor takes getting used to.
Students say the sensation can become almost electric.
Students say the sound.
Students say the terms have become so common they have virtually lost all meaning.
Students say the test is long and draining.
Students say the tuition hike is unwelcome.
Students say the word, and the teacher acknowledges the correct response.
Students say the work is both stimulating and helpful.
Students say their lives revolve around the cliques.
Students say their opinions freely in class.
Students say their relationships with their professors are good and that makes it easier to learn.
Students say there are three common metaphors of the college teacher.
Students say there's slightly more emphasis on documentaries.
Students say they also feel more plugged into their coursework, too.
Students say they also see the strains of race relations in school.
Students say they appreciate the challenge.
Students say they appreciate the diversity of the student body.
Students say they appreciate the technology.
Students say they are fun.
Students say they are interested in swing dancing for serveral reasons.
Students say they are more grateful for their friends.
Students say they are pleased with the availability of the on-line application.
Students say they are quick, two-minute trips to the States, and a good way to touch base.
Students say they are stressed to the max.
Students say they can have a discernible effect on a concrete problem.
Students say they do better in three-week courses because they're able to focus only on one course.
Students say they do it because it's fun.
Students say they enjoy creating sites, despite the difficulty.
Students say they expect the eyesores to remain during graduation.
Students say they feel strong connections to their teachers.
Students say they feel stronger, taller, more energetic.
Students say they feel very safe living and studying here.
Students say they have become accustomed to the street vendors.
Students say they have moved on to other underground services in the last few months.
Students say they hope to continue giving back to the community.
Students say they know from experience with subs.
Students say they know that they are a part of something different.
Students say they learn more in coordinated studies classes, and they have a good time learning.
Students say they learn to let go of cliches, bad puns and bad ideas.
Students say they leave here believing in themselves, and believing that anything is possible.
Students say they like interacting with children of different ages.
Students say they like it better.
Students say they like the hall because it is peaceful and well regulated.
Students say they like the program because it is so diverse.
Students say they like their major because the professors are interesting and the classes are small.
Students say they love being outside.
Students say they love it because they learn to analyze issues and come up with solutions.
Students say they rely upon their RCs most for transportation and facilitating activities.
Students say they stood on desks and tables, but the dog was still able to reach one student's leg.
Students say they thrived on the three-way partnership.
Students say they want to be treated fairly.
Students say they work more to get extra spending money and to avoid debt.
Students say they'll drink to that.
Students say they're just blowing off steam and spending money like other tourists.
Students say they're succeeding.
Students say, without a moment's hesitation, that it's worth the challenges.
Students say. . .
Students Say. . .
Students scan a text to find out what movies are playing in a target language town.
Students scan and select from the images shown.
Students scan each other.
Students scan historic photographs to use on cd-roms and the internet.
Students scan it to discover the correct answers.
Students scan the horiaon for the first returning birds.
Students scan the listings and contact the employers directly.
Students scan the poems, and artwork can also be incorporated.
Students scan the stands for mom and dad.
Students scan the web pages or news groups in order to answer questions prepared by the instructor.
Students scatter to all corners and begin to take up the challenge.
Students scedules and course slections are completed on an individual basis by our guidance staff.
Students schedule a field trip to Queen's for additional orientation.
Students schedule a test at a time convenient to both the student and the department.
Students schedule exams at a pre-arranged test site under the supervision of an approved proctor.
Students schedule guest speakers and class presentations.
Students schedule half-hour appointments or walk in during the center's hours, which are posted.
Students schedule hours in open lab.
Students schedule lab time with instructor.
Students schedule meetings with their Advisors to discuss course selection.
Students schedule regular, required times to attend the learning lab.
Students schedule their own classes so that they can enjoy other island activities.
Students schedule their practice individually during the remaining hours of the day.
Students schedule their time to reflect their own interests.
Students schedule time to work with technology.
Students schedule two activities each semester.
Students scheduling for classes that are full have the option of being placed on a wait list.
Students scoop beans with the spoon and count how many beans they get.
Students scoop fish and animals from net.
Students scooterboard on their bottomside through the web.
Students score above city averages for state assessments.
Students score better when they test with their class rather than in a make-up environment.
Students score considerably above average on national and statewide assessments.
Students score field goals with decimals.
Students score points for attendance, behavior, participation as well as academic performances.
Students scour an area, picking up as much as a ton of garbage.
Students scramble into class engaging in last-minute studying while a test is being distributed.
Students scramble into seats.
Students scramble to find parking in substandard lots every morning.
Students scrape lichen from brick wall to take back to the classroom.
Students screen the childdren for everything from lice to neurological deficits.
Students scurry across the stage in their plaid jackets and polka-dot bow ties and get into place.
Students seal various types of moistened food in a container and place it in the dark.
Students search ads in newspaper for movies and other things they desire to do.
Students search by age group and subject.
Students search by title, author, subject, and keyword.
Students search by zip code.
Students search for a co-op during their sophomore year.
Students search for a life history by occupation.
Students search for answers.
Students search for as many uses of percent as they can find over the course of a week.
Students search for camouflaged objects and relate their experience to bird survival in an estuary.
Students search for companies that perform Marketing research.
Students search for information on the Internet, contact DNR foresters, and plan buffer plantings.
Students search for information.
Students search for jobs.
Students search for opportunities by keywords.
Students search for relevant data on team building, via interviews, periodicals, and the internet.
Students search for reserves by course and professor.
Students search for, extract, and analyse information from a wide range of texts.
Students search out and synthesize information to solve the problem.
Students search out primary data and process large amounts.
Students search specific Internet sites to solve a wordfind puzzle.
Students search the catalog and databases, and find their own materials in the library.
Students search the collection and check out resources through computer terminals.
Students search the directory by city, state, or country, and degree program.
Students search the Internet following links to answer questions about Egypt.
Students search the Internet for examples, and enter poem in slideshow.
Students search the internet, encyclopedias, and any other resource they can find.
Students search the mentor list by career interest and then e-mail potential mentors.
Students search their home for objects from the past that are significant to their family.
Students search through the animal database, then choose the family the animal belongs to.
Students secure own nurse technician employment.
Students secure placements in the advertising community, where they apprentice for six weeks.
Students secure positions as programmers, systems analysts and software developers.
Students secure special waivers or consent of instructor forms for restricted courses.
Students secure their own employment positions.
Students secure their own positions with the assistance of the program director.
Students secure their own work site via their own research and footwork.
Students see a compromised final product.
Students see a connection between the study of a target language and opportunities in life.
Students see a current dramatic production.
Students see a great view of Lynchburg as they leave the fillface area.
Students see a live play, plays on video and films for analysis, appreciation and enjoyment.
Students see a planer and an edger, feel bark and sawdust, and discuss other products.
Students see a range of skills applied in a sequence and try to duplicate the process.
Students see a rise in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, but global temperature rises and falls.
Students see a variety of films from the traditions of various nations and cultures.
Students see a variety of math materials to learn concepts introduced.
Students see a variety of signing styles by people of different cultures and ages.
Students see a wide range of possible consequences.
Students see ability to focus more closely.
Students see actions.
Students see actual work settings and hear about job realities including preparation requirements.
Students see an immediate return on their investment for attending the event or conference.
Students see an object and click on the correct letters to spell the word.
Students see an ordinary high court developing and applying the common law in ordinary ways.
Students see and discuss antique and contemporary quilts.
Students see and hear first-hand about the forces that drive authors to write.
Students see and hear native speakers in authentic locations around the Spanish-speaking world.
Students see and hear the instructor live from other classrooms live from their site.
Students see and hear the instructor.
Students see and hear the professor on the left one-third of the screen.
Students see and learn about seashore animals and their habitat.
Students see and touch prehistoric tools, including a mano and metate.
Students see applications of their previous education in mathematics.
Students see articles.
Students see behavior.
Students see charge.
Students see clearly that science and mathematics are integral to understanding their world.
Students see colonial clothing and make colonial paper dolls.
Students see computers at home as game machines with some educational application.
Students see computing as a useful tool to solve problems.
Students see condensation.
Students See contact info.
Students see crystal planes.
Students see decaying, crowded schools daily.
Students see differences.
Students see different crystal planes.
Students see different planes.
Students see directly whose life and liberty is at stake.
Students see drinking alcohol as a central part of the social life.
Students see eight verb graphics and a vocabulary card.
Students see examples of work for each level.
Students see first hand an inflight refueling.
Students see first-hand the skills, hardships, and dedication of a soldier's life.
Students see fish ponds and feed the fish, learn fish anatomy and compare species of water life.
Students see further education as a progression into higher education.
Students see geometry in action and begin to ask many what-if questions.
Students see giant bales of paper and cans that weigh several thousand pounds.
Students see graphics and vocabulary words, and use both in activities.
Students see graphs as representing the physical path of motion.
Students see gruesome slide shows depicting the effects of sexually transmitted diseases.
Students see history as relevant and happening in their lifetimes.
Students see homes constructed from various techniques using earth and timber.
Students see how a crystalline structure adds strnght to a material.
Students see how different elements are combined into mixtures and compounds.
Students see how different elements of matter can be combined into mixtures or compounds.
Students see how ellipses and other curves can be used to draw a face.
Students see how events all over the world overlap.
Students see how individuals, groups and entire communities promote responsibility.
Students see how leaders are elected, and how each citizen can make a difference.
Students see how ocean creatures adapt to their environment.
Students see how problems are solved and then test their knowledge and sills with similar exercises.
Students see how skills in computer design can help one obtain a job.
Students see how their friends or others look on campus and they want to look the same way.
Students see how their teachers speak, dress, and act.
Students see how things grow, change.
Students see how time changes people.
Students see how to find high-quality clinically relevant articles fast.
Students see how various parts work and move.
Students see how vineyards can create specific flavors, which are then enhanced by the winemaker.
Students see it as a chaotic assembly of unrelated facts at first.
Students see it as something to get out of the way.
Students see it.
Students see little relationship between what they are learning and their future.
Students see live performances and practice writing both reviews and criticism.
Students see live performances in Madrid as well as videos.
Students see materials.
Students see mathematics as a useful tool to solve problems.
Students see mentors as a link to defining and achieving their goals.
Students See more student links .
Students see multiple images.
Students see occupations through the eyes of young workers.
Students see only one line rather than a whole sentence.
Students see original work and talk with artists of all kinds.
Students see other approaches to solving problems as well as different programming styles.
Students see others getting involved and getting good grades, and they begin to want to do the same.
Students see patients in clinic, join inpatient rounds, have opportunity to go to operating room.
Students see people out in the field who are making a living and being successful.
Students see personal contact with professors as being very important.
Students see planes.
Students see printed notes as respectful of their work.
Students see procedures before they see anything else in the language.
Students see purpose and value of instruction.
Students see results online for immediate reinforcement.
Students see Roman influences in art and architecture, literary themes, operas.
Students see school as continuous improvement and preparation for life.
Students see science in context and relate it to situations they encounter in their lives.
Students see several and real job site pictures and work activities for each occupation.
Students see shorebirds, birds of prey and birds of their neighborhood.
Students see slides of Civil War battlefields, then read diaries of soldiers who fought there.
Students see slides of work drawn by masters once a week.
Students See student home pages, projects, etc.
Students see technology as a toy rather than as a tool.
Students see that a class goal is to master the appropriate benchmarks.
Students see that a teacher's absence creates extra work for the others.
Students see that as the needs of the participants change, the theatre experience changes.
Students see that everything is a process.
Students see that it takes three of the volumes of the cone to fill the corresponding cylinder.
Students see that many ideas of mathematics have useful applications in the real world.
Students see that plant cells indeed have a plasma membrane in addition to a cell wall.
Students see that the environment is under threat.
Students see that the teacher needs to adjust to various student needs.
Students see that today's popular stories and books come from yesterday's ideas.
Students see that writing is fun as they learn the steps to creating a book.
Students see the academic requirements of jobs, such as the math skills needed to be a truck driver.
Students see the actual lift changing.
Students see the application of what they have learned.
Students see the choreographies of peers and professionals.
Students see the computer as a vital link in the biotech lab.
Students see the contradictions.
Students see the counselor individually in several ways.
Students see the counselor through self referral, staff referral or parent referral.
Students see the countries of the world as the countries see themselves.
Students see the definite integral early as more than just a tool for finding area.
Students see the dividend and enter a divisor.
Students see the educational purpose of textbooks, workbooks, and kits.
Students see the influence of the early roots of jazz.
Students see the instructor and interact through telephone and the internet.
Students see the interdependence of organisms on their environment.
Students see the lab assistant and sign in.
Students see the latest books, CDs and trends in the world of children literature.
Students see the new conception as fruitful and useful to understanding in a variety of settings.
Students see the paraprofessional experience as very positive.
Students see the performers and production personnel make the finishing touches to the opera.
Students See the personnel database for more information about the people at the department.
Students see the program development process from soup to nuts.
Students see the range and depth of services performed.
Students see the rewards and pitfalls of a particular profession firsthand.
Students see the sources of information for answers and for solutions to each type of problem.
Students see the text only after they have answered the question.
Students see the use of technology and science in the creation of war machines.
Students see the world as a connected whole rather than as isolated segments.
Students see their file and can start it by double-clicking with the mouse.
Students see their mentors on an informal basis.
Students see their own culture as more important.
Students see their peers enjoying the program and look forward to participating themselves.
Students see their progress while they learn.
Students see their scores immediately.
Students see their scores.
Students see their teachers a lot.
Students see themselves as active, confident participants in a literate society.
Students see themselves as involved, responsible and dependable.
Students see themselves as involved, responsible, and dependable.
Students see themselves as part of a larger global community.
Students see they can get quality education in an attractive setting.
Students see things such as grades as absolutely arbitrary.
Students see videos, play games and role play as a way of learning vocabulary.
Students see what they want to see and are, therefore, immediately interested.
Students see what they've only read about.
Students see who can toss their ball into the air and then self rebound it to the target.
Students see world-class plays performed live.
Students see, hear, and say each word.
Students see, learn and practice Chinese words.
Students seeing the lecturer apply the strategy.
Students seek a bachelor of arts or bachelor of science in mathematics.
Students seek a master's degree for various reasons.
Students seek additional resources and points of view in thinking about the problem.
Students seek adult help to resolve interpersonal conflicts.
Students seek alternative sources of facts and ideas.
Students seek and use outside content resources.
Students seek business knowledge in preparation for medical practice.
Students seek career counseling for many different reasons.
Students seek careers with a variety of retail organizations and consumer service providers.
Students seek careers with restaurants, hotels, conference centers, resorts, etc.
Students seek challenges, which are both tough and demanding.
Students seek counsel.
Students seek counseling for a variety of reasons.
Students seek counseling for a wide range of issues.
Students seek counseling for many different reasons.
Students seek counselling help for a variety of problems.
Students seek directions to a place in a target language community.
Students seek education.
Students seek employment in private industry, church service occupations or in the public sector.
Students seek experience.
Students seek financial aid in many places.
Students seek friends who are similar in appearance and social status.
Students seek fun in unmonitored halls by smashing unsuspecting students into a bank of lockers.
Students seek graduate training in economics for a number of reasons.
Students seek help for a variety of reasons.
Students seek help from peers, instructors, UTAs, and advisers.
Students seek help from peers, teacher, and laboratory teaching assistant.
Students seek help from peers, teacher, and teaching assistant.
Students seek help with various challenges ranging from study skills to evaluating career plans.
Students seek interviews with a number of employers.
Students seek knowledge and skills that enlighten their perspective of the business community.
Students seek opportunities to apply their classroom learning.
Students seek opportunity.
Students seek others resources without sharing their own.
Students seek out a shady spot in which to measure the transparency of their water sample.
Students seek out data and develop questions that facilitate comparison of experience.
Students seek out films related, in some way, to their coursework, then review and rate the film.
Students seek out opportunities to participate in ongoing projects, including independent studies.
Students seek out teachers who meanlingfully use technology.
Students seek specific career training to improve their employment opportunities.
Students seek sponsors and jump rope as a group to raise money for the health organization.
Students seek the benefits of the college experience.
Students seek the nondegree status for a variety of reasons.
Students seek to deepen their spiritual involvement in leadership.
Students seek tutoring on a voluntary basis.
Students seek ways to combat finals stress .
Students seeking a bachelors degree meet with an advising specialist to formulate a degree plan.
Students seeking a broad knowledge of human experience can choose no better major than history.
Students seeking a master's degree constitute the third audience.
Students seeking a new employer have equal access rights to all jobs.
Students seeking admission normally hold the Master of Music degree.
Students seeking admission to the doctoral program normally hold the Master of Music degree.
Students seeking an EdD degree complete a school-based internship.
Students seeking an intern experience can find a suitable one within the curriculum.
Students seeking certificates or degrees in a technical field see an adviser in their chosen field.
Students seeking certification in education are also eligible for some types of aid.
Students seeking certification in elementary education often find it a helpful co-major.
Students seeking counseling can talk confidentially about anything that is on their minds.
Students seeking double majors consult advisers in both majors.
Students seeking elementary certification are interdisciplinary academic majors.
Students seeking elementary teacher certification in science or math are particularly welcome.
Students seeking employment on campus now have a standard application.
Students seeking exciting venues in which to conduct Humanities Sufficiencies have two new choices.
Students seeking graduate credit complete a post-course assignment.
Students seeking help can do their homework at their own pace.
Students seeking help on term paper organization and citation of sources are welcome.
Students seeking help with science fair projects can also call to receive advice and guidance.
Students seeking higher education can depend on the state for more financial aid.
Students seeking housing can call from any touchtone phone and listen to ads for free.
Students seeking information on housing have several choices.
Students seeking relaxed conversations with friends often escape to the campus coffee house.
Students seeking secondary certification compete within each of the majors in secondary education.
Students seeking teacher certification are subject to a twice per year admission process.
Students seeking the degree in humane exchange become members of a cohort and take courses together.
Students seeking the master's degree have three options.
Students seeking training for employment as quickly and economically as possible can find help here.
Students seeking undergraduate degrees are preferred.
Students seem comfortable and are involved in their assignments.
Students seem eager to get started on their research.
Students seem enthusiastic about the prospect of serving.
Students seem especially excited about Late Night's extended hours.
Students seem g enerally satisfied with their experience.
Students seem generally happier.
Students seem hesitant to respond.
Students seem more relaxed and the audience really seems to pay closer attention.
Students seem more than anxious to leave campus, whether only for the summer or for good.
Students seem more willing to participate in on-line courses as opposed to a classroom setting.
Students seem much more willing to learn under such circumstances.
Students seem pleased to finally have the holiday off.
Students seem pleased with the changes.
Students seem split on the course's effectiveness.
Students seem surprised by that, but they are only first drafts, and the idea is to get started.
Students seem to agree that the renovations provide space and a more inviting atmosphere.
Students seem to agree.
Students seem to apprecate the preparation of the web presentations.
Students seem to appreciate it.
Students seem to appreciate that approach.
Students seem to appreciate the interest in their participation.
Students seem to be better prepared for class discussion of the readings.
Students seem to be better prepared for class.
Students seem to be captured in an assumption that the meaning of a word is somehow fixed a priori.
Students seem to be dying to work directly with a family.
Students seem to be either unaware or uninformed of correct procedures.
Students seem to be engaged and faculty are enthusiastic.
Students seem to be getting better organized and learning how to succeed.
Students seem to be going where other students go.
Students seem to be highly motivated by their desire to learn.
Students seem to be in favor of reopening the restaurant.
Students seem to be less and less forgetful as the weeks go on.
Students seem to be liking the approach.
Students seem to be lured by nature.
Students seem to be more passive than public.
Students seem to be motivated to receive a certificate of completion.
Students seem to be particularly vulnerable.
Students seem to be restless and unable to concentrate even when they are in class.
Students seem to be taking advantage of the friendliness of the Bookstore.
Students seem to be taking to the change.
Students seem to be thriving on the school.
Students seem to be very interested in today's performances.
Students seem to be well prepared for the work that they do after graduation or in co-op programs.
Students seem to become more involved as they build on ideas they created.
Students seem to choose a variety of locations to study.
Students seem to decide very quickly how best to invest time.
Students seem to demand things quicker, making it challenging to keep up.
Students seem to do better if assignments are due weekly.
Students seem to do much better in class if they are given much more freedom to do what they like.
Students seem to embrace it immediately and are very excited about seeing their work on the web.
Students seem to enjoy having soft, relaxing music playing while they are writing.
Students seem to enjoy the lesson.
Students seem to enjoy watching the program.
Students seem to expect a light first day, and most professors like to oblige.
Students seem to feel a sense of accomplishment when the unit is over.
Students seem to feel comfortable with pictures of a model.
Students seem to feel less safe at school now than a few years ago.
Students seem to find tutoring from their peers less intimidating thn from adults.
Students seem to gravitate to the Web first and grudgingly consult paper materials after.
Students seem to hang out and clog all the essential stairways and hallways.
Students seem to have a hard time finding it.
Students seem to have a sense of pride and feeling of community.
Students seem to have a silent competition for grades.
Students seem to have a solid grasp of the organization.
Students seem to have accepted the message of the new theme, too.
Students seem to have become more demanding since the principle of 'user pays' was introduced.
Students seem to have different reasons for learning the art.
Students seem to have extensive opportunities to excavate in Egypt and elsewhere in the Near East.
Students seem to have fewer questions, and an easier time with the new imporved questions.
Students seem to have little trouble raising the money.
Students seem to have mixed emotions when it comes to cellular phone use in the classroom.
Students seem to have mixed thoughts regarding campus security officers.
Students seem to have no problems finding positions.
Students seem to have noticed the high level of employer interest.
Students seem to have retained their faith across four years.
Students seem to have solved their own problem.
Students seem to have the most trouble with the first examination.
Students seem to interact really well and our comfortable with the disabled.
Students seem to know intuitively that facts are meaningless by themselves.
Students seem to lack the ability to discover what they want to study.
Students seem to learn more and have deeper understandings when actively engaged in the subject.
Students seem to learn more when they study in groups.
Students seem to learn more with a structured approach to the game.
Students seem to like it as it is quite easy and fun, and it can also be used in a variety of ways.
Students seem to like it because it allows the incorporation of real world complexities.
Students seem to like it.
Students seem to like single rooms.
Students seem to like the ballet more than they did rugby.
Students seem to like the book a lot.
Students seem to like the new centralized location.
Students seem to love it.
Students seem to naturally gravitate to programming or graphics or other areas of multimedia.
Students seem to notice what profs wear.
Students seem to persist in taking firm positions before learning facts.
Students seem to pick up on it very quickly.
Students seem to prefer all the inclusive handouts and classroom notes that can be taken to home.
Students seem to prefer the bookstores to libraries.
Students seem to prefer to work in pairs or groups.
Students seem to readily grasp the concepts associated with object-based programming.
Students seem to really be understanding the concepts.
Students seem to remember more when they are actively involved in the learning process.
Students seem to respect the monuments and park more now than some years ago.
Students seem to respond favorably to the Web presence.
Students seem to respond well, they learn even better, and they can study the images at home.
Students seem to retain what they learn, and many score better on standardized tests.
Students seem to speak softer if they know they are being heard elsewhere.
Students seem to take particular delight in helping out older users.
Students seem to the love the program.
Students seem to think that the month addresses issues that affect all populations.
Students seem to think the center is a good idea.
Students seem to thrive on the spirit of community service and volunteerism.
Students seem to truly appreciate all of the council's hard work.
Students seem to want a voice in their educational experience.
Students seem to want practical, immediate application vs. the concepts of learning.
Students seem to welcome the change.
Students seem to welcome the new band.
Students seem to welcome the younger faces among the teaching staff.
Students seem to yearn for some discipline and structure and for being held accountable.
Students seem unanimous in their approval of the program.
Students seem unwilling to accept a position purely on the basis of rational argument.
Students seem very interested in the jail.
Students seem willing to protest just about anything.
Students seem willing to take risks by bringing up different ideas.
Students select a book from a grade level list.
Students select a book of their own choice.
Students select a book to read at their individual reading level from a list of great literature.
Students select a book to read from a recommended book list.
Students select a book to read.
Students select a book within their reading range.
Students select a broad cross section of social problems for study and discussion.
Students select a Canadian hero of their choice from the list provided.
Students select a capstone course in consultation with the program coordinator.
Students select a career.
Students select a case study and examine it in some depth throughout the course.
Students select a case study from among several provided.
Students select a class appropriate to their background in school mathematics.
Students select a client from family, friends or faculty and staff during the first week of class.
Students select a clinical practicum specific to the course requirements and clinical focus.
Students select a club and attend meetings twice monthly.
Students select a cohort based on location, time, and program.
Students select a college major compatible with their teaching interests.
Students select a communication professor whom they wish to direct the study.
Students select a communication professor whom they wish to direct their thesis.
Students select a concentration in either art history, history, or education.
Students select a concentration in either photography or multimedia.
Students select a confidential password to access their folders.
Students select a contemporary research question for intensive study.
Students select a corresponding number card to match their set and say the number.
Students select a country or city that has hosted an Olympic competition.
Students select a country to study.
Students select a course of study in collaboration with an assigned faculty adviser.
Students select a dining dollar level which is the amount of food to be purchased each term.
Students select a dissertation advisor to supervise and guide the dissertation process.
Students select a faculty at their time of application.
Students select a faculty mentor who acts as a guide and counselor throughout the five years.
Students select a favorite item of clothing.
Students select a favourite plant and draw as many details of it as possible.
Students select a field of practice by the end of their first year.
Students select a field of practice concentration by the end of their first year.
Students select a French recipe and prepare it for the class.
Students select a given program department based on their interests and outdoor skills.
Students select a headline for the photo.
Students select a laboratory project under the supervision of a staff member.
Students select a major area of study when they apply for admission.
Students select a major professor and determine with that major professor their thesis project.
Students select a major professor during the first quarter.
Students select a major with a public school emphasis or one with a minor in some related area.
Students select a member of the faculty with whom to work.
Students select a menu for the day, then check to see if it is balanced.
Students select a minor appropriate to their professional goals and interests.
Students select a minor area of study from the rich diversity of resources within the university.
Students select a minor field according to their research interests.
Students select a minor from areas such as Sociology or Psychology.
Students select a minor that enhances their future career goals.
Students select a model and enter their own forecasts for key economic variables.
Students select a movement goal and write a practice plan to meet that goal.
Students select a new partner each week.
Students select a number and draw a box around it.
Students select a pattern to identify and extend.
Students select a piece of literature that they feel they can read to engage the audience.
Students select a place of interest and begin to become the expert of that part of the world.
Students select a placement in their area of concentration.
Students select a poem they enjoy and prepare a presentation of it for their group.
Students select a practicum experience in at least one sport.
Students select a primary and a secondary program option.
Students select a primary concentration on which they are examined for three hours.
Students select a product from a given list.
Students select a program option at the beginning of their junior year.
Students select a project and work towards the completion of that project as a group.
Students select a project related to their individual interests for approval by faculty.
Students select a project they are interested in and research it.
Students select a project topic that is based on a project management principle.
Students select a research adviser during the first year of study.
Students select a research advisor at the end of the first semester in the program.
Students select a research advisor before the end of their first year.
Students select a research supervisor early in their graduate careers.
Students select a research topic and make a formal presentation.
Students select a role model from their whakapapa to research.
Students select a running buddy, and walk, run or jog the designated course of the day.
Students select a sack to purchase, count out the correct change, and then keep what is in the sack.
Students select a science or math course and receive instruction from university faculty.
Students select a second academic subject area outside of art for a minor.
Students select a second education elective based on their specific learning needs.
Students select a second faculty mentor, advisory committee, and research project.
Students select a second topic from a list of electives.
Students select a semester schedule that includes required courses in their major area.
Students select a seminar course from a wide selection of seminar course offerings.
Students select a site for recreation leadership within a community or clinical setting.
Students select a situation from the board list to write a story about a hypothetical day in town.
Students select a song, then sing into a microphone with appropriate background music.
Students select a special issue for study and analysis.
Students select a specialization in one of four areas.
Students select a specific agency to work in while receiving college credit.
Students select a specific environment and develop a substantive speciality.
Students select a specific environment and develop a substantive specialty.
Students select a sport leadership, sport business, or sport communication emphasis.
Students select a statement and find a picture which shows that their statement is true.
Students select a stream of study relevant to their future career goals.
Students select a study abroad experience from scores of available programs.
Students select a study area at the time of application for admission into the program.
Students select a study site, observe and collect data, pool findings, and write a report together.
Students select a tasks and work under the supervision of the creative arts department.
Students select a technical program based on their interests and aptitudes.
Students select a temperature and vapor pressure in the upper graph and click on the run button.
Students select a theme for the design of their school journal cover.
Students select a theme that draws together a group of related courses.
Students select a therapeutic modality which they study throughout the semester.
Students select a thesis adviser from the pathology faculty to guide their dissertation research.
Students select a thesis advisor by the end of their first academic year.
Students select a thesis or non-thesis option.
Students select a thesis research area and a sponsor as early in the program as possible.
Students select a topic and develop the discussion guide that is used in the exercise.
Students select a topic dealing with an important economic problem.
Students select a topic for a bachelor thesis and are guided in their research and writing.
Students select a topic in line with their special interests and requirements.
Students select a topic of interest for the creation of a term project to augment class experiences.
Students select a topic or project to pursue through independent, or small group work.
Students select a topic to be taught in the undergraduate nursing program.
Students select a track according to their professional interests.
Students select a variety of courses drawn from studio, art history and art education areas.
Students select a wedge and paint a space in the selected color.
Students select activities and develop their personalized fitness program.
Students select activities by quarter.
Students select activities for the pursuit of individual excellence.
Students select activities of interest.
Students select actors or actresses by filling in the radio button next to the desired figure.
Students select additional courses to suit their objectives.
Students select additional English courses as electives and are encouraged to do so.
Students select additional items in order to test and refine the hypothesis.
Students select additional units and areas of specialization from a wide range of elective courses.
Students select advanced topics of interest and arrange credit under program adviser supervision.
Students select agencies in which to work, work to perform, and learning objectives.
Students select among the remaining courses based on their professional interests.
Students select an additional five courses from the department s offerings in Italian literature.
Students select an advisor amongst the clinical faculty for their third and fourth years.
Students select an advisor and a graduate committee who direct their programs of study.
Students select an anonymous mentor from a list and provide their own profile to the alumni office.
Students select an answer and receive immediate feedback.
Students select an area of academic specialization in both special and general education.
Students select an area of concentration in either policy or administration.
Students select an area of concentration.
Students select an area of emphasis within the major or construct an individualized program.
Students select an area of interest such as Hospitality and Tourism Marketing.
Students select an area of interest to study.
Students select an area of specialization and take appropriate classes.
Students select an area of specialization around which their programs are tailored.
Students select an area of specialization in consultation with advisers.
Students select an area of specialization with a major professor who has mutual interests.
Students select an area of specialization, usually by the end of the sophomore year.
Students select an area of study in which they are interested.
Students select an area to focus in greater depth.
Students select an aspect of second language learning.
Students select an elective during their final term.
Students select an emphasis described below.
Students select an emphasis during their second semester.
Students select an emphasis in consultation with their master's advisory committee.
Students select an evaluation time from times posted at the beginning of the semester.
Students select an example of an effective photo from their newspaper.
Students select an exemplar in the Springfield community that they believe exemplifies creativity.
Students select an individual theory to study in-depth and produce a written and oral report.
Students select an individualized curriculum after consulting with faculty advisors.
Students select an issue of their choice, based on interest.
Students select an item from the list and design a drawing for the postcard.
Students select an option for their area of specialty.
Students select an option in consultation with a faculty adviser.
Students select an option in consultation with an advisor to insure maximum transfer of credits.
Students select an Option in their sophomore year.
Students select an orientation conference which corresponds to their major.
Students select an Orientation session based on the academic unit to which they have been admitted.
Students select and analyze a problem, develop requirements, and design a solution.
Students select and annotate all the web sites featured.
Students select and apply signal conditioners and transducers and test citizens band transceivers.
Students select and complete a project based on a thesis proposal.
Students select and complete term projects that address topics in software process improvement.
Students select and complete two defined research lab rotations before taking comprehensive exams.
Students select and define the project for their senior demonstration.
Students select and develop a chosen medium from the processes explored in previous courses.
Students select and evaluate a range of subject matter, symbols, and ideas.
Students select and implement a project on the school grounds or in the community.
Students select and implement individual service projects to benefit the physically-challenged.
Students select and includes the development of detailed business plans.
Students select and justify their search questions.
Students select and maintain a focus throughout their program of study.
Students select and pay fees for courses in the program to which they have been admitted.
Students select and pay for courses.
Students select and provide materials for their projects.
Students select and read books on their reading level.
Students select and read books, and then take short tests to check their comprehension.
Students select and read from a wide range of literature.
Students select and read library books and then take a computer quiz on the book.
Students select and research a local animal for a symbol.
Students select and research a new Amazonian species to add to the online database.
Students select and research a topic of their own interest and create a final project.
Students select and research contemporary topics and lead group discussions.
Students select and research topics, give seminars and lead group discussions.
Students select and review each of the sites included in the report.
Students select and review research articles during lecture and discussion sessions.
Students select and shape their research methods.
Students select and submit their response after viewing the video clip.
Students select and use a method for determining the likelihood of a simple event.
Students select and use appropriate tools and techniques including technology.
Students select and use different representational systems, including coordinate geometry.
Students select and write four of the other six assignments.
Students select another coin from each pile.
Students select any of three meal plans through the business office.
Students select appropriate information retrieval systems for accessing needed information.
Students select appropriate methods to pursue the realization of their creative concepts.
Students select appropriate modules to complement other laboratory courses.
Students select areas of interest and design a set of readings in consultation with the instructor.
Students select areas of interest and work at their own pace as they develop more complex pieces.
Students select art electives and support courses according to their major areas of interest.
Students select at least five honor seminar courses.
Students select books from the schools library to read.
Students select books on their instructional level.
Students select books to read at their reading level.
Students select career preferences and are able to research career choices.
Students select characters from a literary work read during the term.
Students select classes from a variety of course offerings.
Students select companies of interest according to the position description.
Students select correct combinations of bills and coins.
Students select countries and organize teams.
Students select course options based on placement.
Students select courses for a minimum of six credit hours in each block.
Students select courses from any faculty at the university.
Students select courses from any three of the above disciplines.
Students select courses from one of the three options.
Students select courses from the hundreds available.
Students select courses in a planned pattern with their adviser's consent.
Students select courses in agricultural economics and business in consultation with their advisor.
Students select courses to enhance curriculum diversity in their areas of interest.
Students select courses using the code numbers for the desired sections.
Students select courses with the consent of advisor based upon one of the three following areas.
Students select coursework from among no fewer than three of six humanities disciplines.
Students select coursework to balance their writing courses and literary study.
Students select daytime or evening courses.
Students select details form a list of alternatives.
Students select domesticated animal species to emphasize in lab exercises.
Students select eight full modules in the second year, and six in the third.
Students select either a clinical or thesis track option.
Students select either a comprehensive option or a specialization option.
Students select either a concentration in culinary arts or hotel and restaurant management.
Students select either a major OR an area in the field which they want to be their primary program.
Students select either a pirate or a piratical subject to study.
Students select either a print or electronic emphasis in their professional skills courses.
Students select either an elementary or secondary concentration.
Students select either French or English as the language of instruction.
Students select either instrumental or choral emphasis.
Students select either option A or B to match their specific interest.
Students select either the thesis or non-thesis option.
Students select elective courses in communication with the approval of their advisor.
Students select elective credit to enhance specialization, interest, or career paths.
Students select electives according to their area of specialization.
Students select electives from a continually updated list prepared by a curriculum committee.
Students select electives from a range of approved courses, according to their area of interest.
Students select electives from areas of concentration .
Students select electives six weeks in length.
Students select electives that round out either the major or students' concentration.
Students select electives with the permission of their adviser.
Students select electives with their adviser to enhance their professional growth.
Students select events from their life to represent visually on a timeline.
Students select fields in which to specialize.
Students select five courses.
Students select five members of the literature faculty to serve on their committee.
Students select four courses from the list of concentration courses below.
Students select from a broad range of activities.
Students select from a descriptive listing of seminars that address a variety of academic subjects.
Students select from a list of approved electives.
Students select from a list of assigned topics for the first round of presentations.
Students select from a menu of lessons across the different ecological regions of North America.
Students select from a menu of urban design method courses.
Students select from a rotating set that changes from year to year.
Students select from a variety of elective subjects to round out their education.
Students select from a variety of electives to tailor their experience to their professional goals.
Students select from a variety of exam topics offered each quarter.
Students select from a variety of exploratory and in-depth course offerings.
Students select from a variety of field placement opportunities in the Boulder community.
Students select from a variety of living environments.
Students select from a variety of options.
Students select from a variety of project options.
Students select from a variety of traditional lecture and laboratory courses offered each semester.
Students select from a wide array of topics to determine course content.
Students select from a wide range of courses.
Students select from a wide variety of offerings in business, social sciences and the humanities.
Students select from a wide variety of offerings in business, social sciences, and the humanities.
Students select from among courses listed below.
Students select from among the full range of offerings at each of the host universities.
Students select from an array of operations focus courses.
Students select from clusters of recommended courses to gain depth in their chosen area.
Students select from courses and programs statewide while working through their home college.
Students select from different courses of study based on their interests and needs.
Students select from eight program areas.
Students select from logic puzzles.
Students select from multiple disciplines and from the integrative offerings of the college.
Students select from one of six topics.
Students select from one of the following areas for concentrated focus.
Students select from program electives or transfer credits upon advisement.
Students select from sections with specific titles.
Students select from several sections, each focusing on a different statutory scheme.
Students select from Spanish courses offered for foreigners.
Students select from the following approved courses from a variety of departments.
Students select from the following based on language skills and academic interests.
Students select from the following list of modules and half-modules.
Students select from the following list to fulfill the directed electives requirement.
Students select from the following list.
Students select from the listed suggestions something for their pantomime.
Students select from three-course tracks in specific interest areas.
Students select from two academic plans.
Students select from two options in the family resource management major.
Students select from various available experiments.
Students select glider design component to change.
Students select housing upon arrival.
Students select images to include in their reports and digitize the images using a scanner.
Students select individual projects drawn from industry, faculty research, and technical literature.
Students select individual research topics in consultation with the program director.
Students select items related to their own interests.
Students select items to add to their grocery list, then they calculate the cost for their items.
Students select laboratories for rotations after discussions with faculty members.
Students select laboratory experiments suited to their interests.
Students select learning modules dealing with different areas of technology.
Students select locations in which to collect data.
Students select major electives to meet requirements in their area of concentration.
Students select meal plans during financial clearance at the beginning of each semester.
Students select media, perform tests, and interpret results.
Students select mediums, and develop a personal sculptural vocabulary and imagery.
Students select mentors.
Students select minor subjects from throughout the university.
Students select modules to complete an individual plan based on personal goals and interests.
Students select modules which meet their current and future professional development needs.
Students select nine hours from remaining highly recommended courses.
Students select nine hours, with adviser's consent.
Students select non-profit clients.
Students select objects that reflect the attributes of the personality in their book.
Students select odd pieces of foamcore to paint and design.
Students select one and take corresponding language courses during the summer.
Students select one area and meet the specified requirements.
Students select one area for a project focus.
Students select one area for study.
Students select one course from each of three components.
Students select one course from the other two management foundation courses.
Students select one course in each of the following three groups.
Students select one cultural group to research.
Students select one day.
Students select one design and develop it into a decorative clay tile.
Students select one emphasis.
Students select one event, develop a piece and participate in many critiqued rounds.
Students select one from a set of cards with words that relate to sea turtles.
Students select one image or a set of similar images.
Students select one major language to study intensively from the time they enter the university.
Students select one more course from a wide variety offered by Cape Coast faculty.
Students select one of course work, including a foreign language.
Students select one of four areas of emphasis for advanced study.
Students select one of four possible areas of concentration for their course work.
Students select one of six short stories.
Students select one of the following programs.
Students select one of the following tracks, and complete the courses required in the chosen track.
Students select one of the foods on the list and research the origin of that food.
Students select one of the groups as their main weekly instruction period.
Students select one of the statistical topics.
Students select one of the three speciality tracts based upon their interest.
Students select one of the two emphases.
Students select one of two general education tracks.
Students select one of two specializations.
Students select one option to complete.
Students select one program track and take the set of courses offered in that track.
Students select one question to share with a partner.
Students select one seminar for each two-week block of the program.
Students select one specialization.
Students select one specific field setting.
Students select one story feature they felt needed improvement in their own writing.
Students select one to three sections from the five-week lectures listed below.
Students select one topic to pursue during the week.
Students select one topic, research it in more depth, and write a term paper.
Students select one translated work of Asian literature to read and review.
Students select one tree to research .
Students select one-act productions, improvise scenes and character biographies, and write scripts.
Students select optional transportation courses according to their individual interests.
Students select or are allocated a part of a scene for performance to an audience.
Students select or are assigned a cross-cultural field experience.
Students select or are assigned a mission to research.
Students select or are given a country.
Students select or create myths that explain a natural event or phenomenon.
Students select or generate objects using the lab tools.
Students select other courses from the sciences, humanities, and social sciences.
Students select other department courses to complete the remaining number of required credits.
Students select participation on arts and sports based on their own interests and skills.
Students select photographs of trees to match the tree character descriptions.
Students select pictures that create a storybook which is printable in color or as a coloring book.
Students select pictures.
Students select points A and B on the circle and construct a secant line.
Students select portfolios.
Students select positions of interest and contact employers to apply.
Students select primary and secondary advisers from the faculty.
Students select problem on the basis of needs, interests, or abilities.
Students select problems from a wide variety given throughout the semester.
Students select questions about books they have read.
Students select readings from a list compiled especially for the course.
Students select relevant topics from the course to write on, meeting the deadline requirements.
Students select rooms according to class year, with seniors having first pick of available rooms.
Students select rooms in class year order, starting with seniors.
Students select sample advertisements for health products from the print and broadcast media.
Students select season items as an additional project.
Students select seminars of interest, which range for core educational topics to special problems.
Students select settings that provide social work services and comlete a practicum in the setting.
Students select seven elective courses primarily from the list of electives below.
Students select six courses distributed through the program's three areas.
Students select six courses, including one course from each of the following tracks.
Students select six different foods to load in the six outer wells.
Students select special problems to investigate on an individual or collaborative basis.
Students select special projects according to their interests, and build a virtual environment.
Students select special projects according to their interests.
Students select specialization courses in management, legal studies and economics.
Students select subject and topic.
Students select subjects for their writing assignments from within their major study areas.
Students select supporting course work in collaboration with their faculty adviser.
Students select technical electives from the approved list for food and bioprocess engineering.
Students select ten courses within their area of self-definition.
Students select the appropriate information in order to complete a fact sheet .
Students select the appropriate puppet type that corresponds to the pictogram.
Students select the area of concentration best suited to their interests and aptitudes.
Students select the artifacts for both the conference and the portfolio.
Students select the award recipient by ballot.
Students select the choreography or the performance track before they are admitted.
Students select the club of their choice during homeroom time.
Students select the correct option from responses provided.
Students select the correct words to fit the definitions given.
Students select the course format most suited to their individual needs.
Students select the courses from many departments and programs.
Students select the criteria for a good president and create a rubric.
Students select the exams they take.
Students select the expedition they prefer from choices offered.
Students select the icon library folder and open it.
Students select the instructional assistance of their choice.
Students select the lessons they wish to view from the menu.
Students select the location they want to explore.
Students select the locations to visit in Chicago.
Students select the misspelled word and type the correct spelling in the box.
Students select the most desirable companies.
Students select the most significant difference to write about.
Students select the music, organize rehearsals and create policy.
Students select the newspaper they wish to read.
Students select the option of enrolling at the undergraduate or graduate level.
Students select the option which best relates to their future plans and previous experience.
Students select the remainder of their first-term program in consultation with their advisers.
Students select the research topic, design, and measures for the study.
Students select the schools for a variety of reasons, from low cost to comfort.
Students select the section based on the site being used for a large, full semester project.
Students select the sport they wish to compete in.
Students select the story and generate a scene based upon what they know about the characters.
Students select the test from a pull-down menu.
Students select the thesis option for varied reasons.
Students select the three remaining lecture courses from the list given below.
Students select the time of year, the number of study hours, and the level of their program.
Students select the topics for the forum.
Students select the tracks which satisfy their professional goals.
Students select the trip that best fits their career or company objectives.
Students select the type of play from the main menu.
Students select the undecided category that most closely fits their academic interests.
Students select the winners themselves through a process of peer review.
Students select their area of concentration by the middle of the second semester.
Students select their area of specialization with the guidance of the graduate advisor.
Students select their campus and courses based on their career interests.
Students select their choice of project.
Students select their clinical laboratory affiliation in consultation with their faculty advisor.
Students select their clinical site with faculty input.
Students select their cluster areas with the assistance of an academic advisor.
Students select their concentration based upon career interests.
Students select their courses in consultation with an advisor.
Students select their courses in consultation with their designated faculty advisor.
Students select their courses independently.
Students select their dissertation research advisor after admission.
Students select their electives based upon interest.
Students select their emphasis and elective courses according to their goals and interests.
Students select their fall classes in the spring.
Students select their favorite fast foods and determine if they are healthy choices.
Students select their major in second year.
Students select their mentor teachers.
Students select their optional courses based on their interests.
Students select their own advisers to provide on-site consultations at the student's work site.
Students select their own books on any subject and in any language.
Students select their own committee members.
Students select their own individual program with the approval of their senior year career advisors.
Students select their own setting based on courses and individual goals and objectives.
Students select their own sign and write about it. .
Students select their own student director.
Students select their own target language and language helper.
Students select their own texts for the course from a shared anthology.
Students select their own topics based on interest.
Students select their own topics from a range of prepared opportunities.
Students select their own topics in negotiation with individually allocated tutors.
Students select their own topics, in consultation with their faculty reader.
Students select their own topics, with guidance provided by their teacher.
Students select their own topics.
Students select their placement based on the description they see in the agency dirctory.
Students select their program from academic courses which are differentiated by level.
Students select their rotation mentors after consultation with and approval from the Dean.
Students select their schedule and advance at their own pace.
Students select their study program from the following subjects.
Students select their topic.
Students select their topics midway through the semester, with instructor guidance.
Students select things to trace on paper, e.g., brick wall, sidewalk, leaf, penny, etc.
Students select three courses from outside their major.
Students select three districts for student teaching.
Students select three elective courses in the concentration they chose.
Students select three elective subjects which are negotiated with the course co-ordinator.
Students select three fields from among the functional fields and geographic areas.
Students select three history courses outside the field of concentration or option.
Students select three poems exemplary of the three characteristic types.
Students select three programs to visit.
Students select three questions to respond to during the exam.
Students select three senior electives from twelve courses.
Students select to attend the tournaments that best fit their academic schedules.
Students select tools appropriate to the task, and identify and correct errors.
Students select topic and conduct searches.
Students select topics and develop a position on controversial issues related to dentistry.
Students select topics and themes that they consider important and exciting.
Students select topics for course assignments based on their area of interest.
Students select topics for in-depth reviews.
Students select topics for presentation and lead discussions with faculty and graduate students.
Students select topics for supervised research.
Students select topics from such areas as algebra, analysis, applied mathematics and geometry.
Students select topics in consultation with their subject supervisor.
Students select trips from ideas generste d by themselves and the club sponsor.
Students select two additional assignments.
Students select two additional courses from the elective list to complement the core classes.
Students select two additional courses from the elective list to complement the core courses.
Students select two additional modules from a general list.
Students select two appropriate courses in consultation with an advisor.
Students select two areas of departmental specialization in which to concentrate their studies.
Students select two classes from a curriculum of eight traditional and innovative courses.
Students select two classes from a curriculum of nine traditional and innovative courses.
Students select two classes from a curriculum of traditional and innovative courses.
Students select two classes in Italian language, literature in translation or film.
Students select two classes in Italian language, literature in translation, history, theology, etc .
Students select two courses for which they write their master's papers.
Students select two courses from about a dozen.
Students select two courses from two of four categories.
Students select two fields of specialization, consisting of two courses each.
Students select two from each of seven.
Students select two internship sites, spending eight weeks at each placement.
Students select two journals, predict themes and items to be found in the journal.
Students select two liquids other than glycerol into which to inject colored water.
Students select two main subjects from the nine offered.
Students select two of the three gerontology core courses and four additional electives.
Students select two or more characters.
Students select two or three other courses from the curriculum taught in English.
Students select two to three business courses according to their interests and professional goals.
Students select typical life roles from the period to research and portray.
Students select various churches in the Rochester area and visit as a group.
Students select, by contributing money, the best-looking cake.
Students select, design and execute their own research projects and present their findings.
Students select, design, and execute their own research projects and present their findings.
Students select, design, construct, and finish their own projects.
Students select, design, finance, manufacture, and market a product of their own choice.
Students select, design, research and write an extensive project report for business or government.
Students select, edit, and produce every article in every issue of every volume.
Students select, integrate and apply numerical and spatial concepts and techniques.
Students select, prepare, present, and discuss topics of biological nature.
Students select, present, and evaluate their artworks using established criteria.
Students select, publicize and produce the events.
Students select, read, and report on current references related to reading research.
Students select, study and critique the lives of great men and women.
Students select, use and adapt technologies.
Students select, view, and analyze a feature film using theory and research presented in the course.
Students selected are among the most academically talented students in the state.
Students selected are generally sophomore, junior or senior classification.
Students selected are responsible for tuition costs of participating.
Students selecting four core courses take two additional courses in their area of concentration.
Students selecting part- time study complete the program in two or three calendar years.
Students selecting part-time study complete the program in three or four calendar years.
Students selecting the human services administration major earn a bachelor of arts degree.
Students sell magazine subscriptions to family and friends.
Students sell the advertising, design the ads, typeset the copy, and bill the advertisers.
Students sell the plants, so collecting money and making change become part of the project.
Students sell the program.
Students sell their products, from food to artwork and games.
Students sell their work through our very popular ceramics sales twice a year.
Students sell tickets to earn money to go toward their school's performing arts program.
Students send a request for help by putting their name in a queue from the teleconsulting Web page .
Students send a self-introduction to their group.
Students send assignment to teacher.
Students send clues about which country they are visiting.
Students send college applications online.
Students send completed course work directly to the instructor.
Students send cover letter and letter of recommendation to person in ad.
Students send email inquiries rather than come to office hours.
Students send emiail through the site to the mushers.
Students send experiments into space .
Students send homework assignments to class mailboxes.
Students send in a test request form once they have completed all of their lessons.
Students send in questions and mathematicians all over the world provide the answers.
Students send in requests for shifts.
Students send in sales reports each week, and call in their sales statistics regularly.
Students send in sightings and reports.
Students send in slides of their work to be judged by a juror.
Students send in their applications and hope to be selected.
Students send in their creative and factual work.
Students send in their own stories for publishing and comments.
Students send letters of appreciation to their scholarship donors.
Students send letters requesting information about different areas across the country and the world.
Students send letters, and follow through by making an appointment for visits.
Students send messages of introduction to the other schools.
Students send outsized email or enclosures in unusable formats.
Students send the question online to volunteers who research the question and respond.
Students send their appreciation of the books to their keypal on e-mail.
Students send their course assignments as written messages.
Students send their data via the Internet and other means to a processing center.
Students send their data via the internet and other means to a processing centre.
Students send their final appreciation to the teacher on e-mail.
Students send their scores to three Catholic high schools.
Students send their writing to the instructor and the rest of the class.
Students sense that and it becomes contagious.
Students sense the enthusiasm that pervades the entire campus.
Students sense their instructor's assurance and respond with a similar positive attitude.
Students sense then observe it.
Students sense when they are merely a target for evangelism.
Students separate black ink using different solvents.
Students sequence the pictures of a dinosaur's life cycle correctly.
Students serve a minimum of twenty hours, usually two hours per week for ten weeks.
Students serve a one-year term.
Students serve a term of one year and can be reappointed for up to three years.
Students serve an internship during the semester, and help the owner complete a business plan.
Students serve an internship to acquire additional field experience.
Students serve an internship with a government agency.
Students serve and bus tables at the event.
Students serve and empower each other, the campus and the community as they bring learning to life.
Students serve as a teaching assistant for one course.
Students serve as a teaching assistant for two courses.
Students serve as a volunteer for a one-year term as junior goodwill ambassadors for our mall.
Students serve as active members on every college committee.
Students serve as advocates for elderly or infirm inmates who no longer pose a threat to society.
Students serve as aides, usually in first and second year classes.
Students Serve as ambassadors and representatives of their university and country.
Students serve as ambassadors for the employer on the university campus.
Students serve as anchors, interviewers, directors, crew, and production team members.
Students serve as apprentice staff members on the college newspaper.
Students serve as assistant teachers in an elementary or middle school.
Students serve as assistants in laboratory sections of a biology course.
Students serve as buddies to new classmates, providing friendship and insights into school life.
Students serve as camera and reporting crews.
Students serve as camp counselors and are responsible for most aspects of the camp's administration.
Students serve as case managers for clients and study an in-depth community health problem.
Students serve as commentator, greeters, readers, song leaders and servers.
Students serve as committee delegates.
Students serve as consultants.
Students serve as counselors and teaching assistants.
Students serve as directors and operate audio, video, graphics and studio cameras.
Students serve as disk jockeys alongside community volunteers.
Students serve as editor and associate editors.
Students serve as editors and reporters and produce the nationally recognized school newspaper.
Students serve as editors and staff.
Students serve as editors, keyboarders, collators, and art designers.
Students serve as editors, photographers and copy writers and produce the school yearbook.
Students serve as editors, photographers and copywriters and produce the school yearbook.
Students serve as editors, photographers, writers, designers, and business staff.
Students serve as employment specialists, assisting mentally ill adults practice employment skills.
Students serve as engineers in recording sessions and assist other students in their sessions.
Students serve as English speaking resource advisors to top managers.
Students serve as friendly helpers to classmates having personal or family difficulties.
Students serve as instructional assistants in selected undergraduate zoology courses.
Students serve as instructors, teaching assistants or counselors.
Students serve as interns in various elements of theatrical production.
Students serve as jurors and discuss their verdict with volunteers after the mock trial.
Students serve as jurors in an impromptu trial during a downtown tour.
Students serve as leaders in Leadership Labs.
Students serve as managers, directors, and disc jockeys.
Students serve as members of the bank board, tellers and loan officers.
Students serve as mentors to at-risk high school students as they learn computer skills.
Students serve as mentors to one troubled youth in the program three hours per week.
Students serve as native-speaker role models for their peers.
Students serve as office workers, library workers, and fire marshals.
Students serve as officers, committee chairs, section leaders, accompanists, and soloists.
Students serve as peer mentors in middle schools throughout the five boroughs.
Students serve as problem solvers and can redesign the world.
Students serve as producers, directors, writers and crew for a variety of productions.
Students serve as production apprentices and extras for the children's theater.
Students serve as readers, altar servers, musicians and Eucharistic ministers.
Students serve as referees, umpires, line judges, and coaches in various little league sports.
Students serve as reporters, editors, and publishers.
Students serve as representatives to faculty meetings.
Students serve as ship's crew and complete a research project while on the cruise.
Students serve as speakers.
Students serve as sub-interns.
Students serve as teachers, helpers and advocates.
Students serve as teaching assistants during the first or second year.
Students serve as teaching assistants for a number of introductory courses.
Students serve as teaching assistants for two quarters.
Students serve as teaching assistants in assigned class activities.
Students serve as team members in the preparation of the plan.
Students serve as the source of enthusiasm and creativity for such a project.
Students serve as translators and interpreters.
Students serve as tutors in behavior change and training programs.
Students serve as tutors, mentors, and sports coaches.
Students serve at a community training center for adults with disabilities.
Students serve both as assisting teacher and head teacher.
Students serve both the teacher and the student in the classroom.
Students serve equally on committees for admission, curriculum, operations and faculty hiring.
Students serve for a minimum of eight weeks.
Students serve for all consecutive terms during which they are registered.
Students serve for nine weeks in their home community and receive training before serving.
Students serve half a year in an organization that assists the hungry in America.
Students serve hours upon hours of community service.
Students serve in appropriate internships.
Students serve in camps, churches, and retreats.
Students serve in elected or appointed campus positions.
Students serve in leadership roles, behind the scenes and on the front line.
Students serve in staff and leadership positions within their class.
Students serve internships in both professional and non-profit community sites.
Students serve meals and work in nearby shelters.
Students serve meals to the homeless and read to children in child care.
Students serve on the social, journal, news or sports committees.
Students serve one academic year.
Students serve one year terms.
Students serve one-year terms.
Students serve orphans and other children in Kenya as part of a study abroad experience.
Students serve renewable one-year terms.
Students serve their community and reflect on their service.
Students serve their detention on the day after the detention has been given.
Students serve with faculty on many campus committees.
Students serving as academic interns represent the third part of our infrastructure.
Students set and assess unit goals.
Students set and pursue their individual goals with the assistance of the instructor.
Students set artifacts within their historic contexts with their acrylic paintings.
Students set learning goals for themselves within individual courses and the program as a whole.
Students set learning objectives for the work experience and complete a work placement project.
Students set learning outcomes for the work experience and complete a work-term project.
Students set own class schedule.
Students set p activity resource card files for various program areas.
Students settle campus differences with automatic weapons.
Students settle in quickly and find it easy to make friends.
Students sexually harass their teacher.
Students shadow a career professional in their field of interest for one day to two weeks.
Students shadow a health care professional and learn about the world of work.
Students shadow employees for an entire day exploring the adventure of high tech.
Students shake hands at random whilst wearing gloves.
Students shake it up until it cools.
Students shake several sealed containers and predict what's inside.
Students shake the containers and describe the sounds they hear.
Students shake, smile, nod, kiss, wave, bark and bump chests.
Students shape experiences into stories and poems.
Students shape their learning environments based on individual needs and learning styles.
Students share a collaborative text workspace where they can access and edit a document anonymously.
Students share a common dining hall.
Students share a common dining room and lounge.
Students share a common focus of continuing musical and intellectual development.
Students share a common kitchen and toilet facilities.
Students share a common residential experience but mix with college age students in their courses.
Students share a communal kitchen and a shared full bathroom.
Students share a communal kitchen on each floor.
Students share a few laughs after the day's seminars.
Students share a folktale from their native countries.
Students share a living area, kitchen and laundry area.
Students share a living room and bathroom.
Students share a modestly furnished apartment with other students.
Students share a room with one other student of the same sex.
Students share a technical background.
Students share a two bedroom, two bathroom villa with their lab partner for the camp.
Students share a two-bed room and eat meals in campus dining halls.
Students share access to a large laundry room, kitchenette, ice machine, and lounge area.
Students share actual food costs.
Students share air conditioned, semiprivate, completely furnished suites.
Students share all household duties and expenses for food and utilities.
Students share all household duties.
Students share and bring the pieces together.
Students share and compare notes.
Students share and compare their experiences in the legal profession.
Students share and critique their own writing, and they read poetry by other authors.
Students share and defend position papers on popular books and films as decade artifacts.
Students share and develop programs, try out new software, and problem solve with staff members.
Students share and discuss different constructions.
Students share and discuss their containers and what they contain.
Students share and discuss their experiences with their 'public selves'.
Students share and discuss their findings.
Students share and peer edit.
Students share and write stories of their sea year adventures.
Students share apartments and ride bikes as part of their Dutch experience.
Students share apartments with American and Italian students.
Students share at search forum .
Students share bathroom and kitchen facilities with others in their suite.
Students share bathroom and showers, and a laundry facility is nearby in the building.
Students share books with reading partners.
Students share books.
Students share bunk beds.
Students share bunks and there is a definite blur between outside and inside.
Students share campsites.
Students share central bathroom facilities and have easy access to all campus facilities.
Students share clinical experiences in the seminar setting.
Students share collected information.
Students share common goals and concerns.
Students share communal restrooms.
Students share computer knowledge with area kids.
Students share concerns and goals for course.
Students share conclusions and trends with other groups.
Students share cooperative learning experiences such as participation in team activities.
Students share cooperative learning experiences through participation in team activities.
Students share cooperative learning experiences.
Students share daily their observations of the mealworm.
Students share data and are able to chat with scientists about their own experiments.
Students share data and tell what they learned in the lesson.
Students share data electronically.
Students share data with partners.
Students share devotions, song and pray during the morning meeting.
Students share different things that they already know about Brazil.
Students share double bedrooms.
Students share double rooms.
Students share double-occupancy bedrooms that have private baths.
Students share education, provide support, and make friends.
Students share efforts in class.
Students share exciting discoveries that they make while pursuing their contracts.
Students share experiences and become partners online for their class projects.
Students share experiences and receive feedback from other students and instructors.
Students share experiences in verbal and written form.
Students share experiences regarding courses, interviews, and other common issues.
Students share fabrics and learn about composition, color, and design in the process.
Students share favorite music and visit the museum.
Students share findings with the class.
Students share food costs, which are incorporated into the overall registration fee.
Students share food costs.
Students share four person, solar-powered cabins.
Students share four-person suites equipped with a kitchen, dining area and bath.
Students share frustrations and encourage one another.
Students share funny, embarrassing, scary, and difficult moments .
Students share ideas and plans using a common electronic white board.
Students share ideas for learning and contacts with employers easily.
Students share ideas in small groups and with class.
Students share ideas on how to solve problems and discover there's more than one way.
Students share ideas with each other, that's part of the educational process.
Students share in accountability.
Students share in each other's joys, successes and disappointments.
Students share in Johnston's examination of real-world phenomena.
Students share in patient care, teaching exercises, and in daily tutorial sessions with the faculty.
Students share in revenues in the same manner as full-time researchers.
Students share in the celebratory traditions of their host families to compliment their study.
Students share in the daily household responsibilities as family members.
Students share in the governance of the program by serving on all program committees.
Students share in the planning of their educational program.
Students share in the responsibility for the accuracy of their record.
Students share in the responsibility of learning.
Students share in the work, the learning, and the excitement of faculty research projects.
Students share index card with class and discuss list of animals.
Students share individual interpretations of a text with others.
Students share information about cultures, lifestyles and interests.
Students share information about jobs and the world of work.
Students share information about themselves with the rest of the class.
Students share information about Wisconsin.
Students share information after initial research.
Students share information and projects with students in other schools.
Students share information and write it on a time line on butcher paper.
Students share information collected.
Students share information on diagrams with class.
Students share information they have found on their learning issue.
Students share information with other students and conduct a survey.
Students share information, compare data, and learn about foods from around the world.
Students share interviews in the classroom following the field trip.
Students share kitchen and living room areas.
Students share knowledge and even interview tips.
Students share knowledge and learn from each other.
Students share living quarters, two persons per unit.
Students share lockers and push through packed hallways.
Students share management duties and help chose their teachers.
Students share new words with teacher and class.
Students share notes and tape lectures on an ad-hoc, as needed basis for fellow students.
Students share notes.
Students share observations and learnings.
Students share observations and receive reports from real explorers on their training trip.
Students share observations.
Students share offices in the mathematics building and have computer and library access.
Students share offices with other students in the department and form a variety of specializations.
Students share opinions, listen to others ideas and work together to create the best solutions.
Students share orally what they found in newspapers.
Students share personal stories about traveling and staying in hotels.
Students share personal stories of recovery from alcohol and other drugs.
Students share poems, place into a class book, or publish on the web page.
Students share problems, ideas and topics of interest.
Students share project with the entire class.
Students share projects with class and teacher.
Students share reflections in the larger group.
Students share reports on various types of landforms that they have researched.
Students share research findings in a symposia format.
Students share responses.
Students share responsibility for assessing progress and quality.
Students share responsibility for identifying and adding other appropriate resources.
Students share responsibility for maintaining an environment conducive to learning.
Students share responsibility for the assessment process.
Students share responsibility for the learning process.
Students share responsibility for the quality of class discussions.
Students share responsibility for their own environment, and fo the quality of life at school.
Students share responsibility for their own environment, and for the quality of life at school.
Students share results and project successes with other students.
Students share results that they have recorded in their journals.
Students share results.
Students share rooms and baths on the upper floor.
Students share rooms whenever possible.
Students share selections of the major project with the class.
Students share selections with the class.
Students share shopping, cooking, and cleaning duties as well as the cuisine.
Students share situations in small groups.
Students share some personal information about themselves orally.
Students share space with roommates and housemates and do their own cooking.
Students share stories of international study and travel.
Students share stories they have brought to class.
Students share strategies for how they solve the problems and learn new ways to do so.
Students share strategies in a class discussion.
Students share studio space with full-time art students.
Students share studios and access to a number of faculty through individual and group critiques.
Students share supply costs.
Students share talents over a cup of hot coffee and some delicious home-baked cakes and cookies.
Students share teachings, testimonies, prayer, fellowship, and fun.
Students share the bathroom, living room, and kitchen.
Students share the costs of motels and campground fees.
Students share the daily life of a host family in Hamburg.
Students share the important things and events in their country and city.
Students share the information with the entire class by showing slide shows.
Students share the meal with guests, family, and friends as part of class time.
Students share the meals they prepare, accompanied by wine which they purchase.
Students share the presentations with their peers.
Students share the program with supporters and collect orders.
Students share the project.
Students share the quotes they've selected for journal entries and discuss their reflections.
Students share the responsibility for how and what they learn both individually and in groups.
Students share the responsibility for maintaining academic honesty.
Students share the responsibility for their learning and their actions.
Students share the responsibility of keeping the two wood stoves going during the winter months.
Students share the responsibility of maintaining a proper learning atmosphere.
Students share the results of their project with others.
Students share their analyses with the class.
Students share their answers for both exercises in groups of three.
Students share their answers with the class.
Students share their answers.
Students share their arrangements with the entire class.
Students share their background knowledge and understanding of the theme or concept.
Students share their book reports with the class.
Students share their cards with friends and family.
Students share their clown experiences, eg.
Students share their comic strip analysis in cooperative groups of three.
Students share their completed maps with the class, justifying their locations of details.
Students share their conclusions and the reasons for their conclusions.
Students share their criteria with the class.
Students share their culture, traditions, heritage and foods.
Students share their drafts, either with the whole class or with partners.
Students share their educational journey through the completion of the program.
Students share their enthusiasm for the experience and classmates look for similar opportunities.
Students share their experiences in a collection of stories.
Students share their experiences on being integrated into mainstream institutions.
Students share their experiences through written comments, original art, photos, and sound samples.
Students share their experiences with each other and the faculty professor.
Students share their experimental results and conclusions with the class.
Students share their facts with the class and discuss.
Students share their facts with the rest of the class- discuss interesting points.
Students share their faith creatively through the use of drama, music, clowning, and mime.
Students share their faith while dispensing free dental care.
Students share their favorite part of the book, and of their collage.
Students share their final presentations.
Students share their findings and display their work.
Students share their findings during a class discussion period.
Students share their findings in the form of public, oral presentations.
Students share their findings orally in small groups.
Students share their findings with other groups or members of the class.
Students share their findings with other groups.
Students share their findings with the rest of the class.
Students share their findings with the whole class.
Students share their findings.
Students share their finished writing with an appropriate audience.
Students share their flow charts with the class.
Students share their group's answers to the question presented.
Students share their groups discoveries again.
Students share their herbal remedies for a variety of aliments from hair loss to diabetes.
Students share their heritage as a means to discussing the issues.
Students share their ideas about biodiversity with the class.
Students share their ideas for a final time with their classmates.
Students share their ideas for conservation in the region.
Students share their ideas of Mexico with the rest of the class.
Students share their ideas with the class.
Students share their ideas, try out new approaches, and ask for feedback.
Students share their information and form small cooperative groups for special projects.
Students share their information to investigate the mysterious disease.
Students share their invention with the entire classroom.
Students share their knowledge with faculty, staff and fellow students.
Students share their learning by putting class projects on display for friends and family to see.
Students share their letters with the class and discuss each community leader's duties.
Students share their lists with the class.
Students share their living spaces with each other in order to study and socialize.
Students share their logs in pairs or larger groups.
Students share their love of art by working on projects and visiting different exhibits.
Students Share Their Most Insane Interview Experiences .
Students share their opinions.
Students share their original poetry with others.
Students share their own field observations with classrooms across North America.
Students share their own field observations with classrooms across the hemisphere.
Students share their own field observations with classrooms across the Western Hemisphere.
Students share their personal insights on one of the largest icons of consumption in the free world.
Students share their pictures and stories with the class.
Students share their placement experiences with each other and continue their campus-based studies.
Students share their presentations with their classmates.
Students share their published text, discuss and compare the choices made.
Students share their reports with the other students.
Students share their response to a study of the Holocaust with future generations.
Students share their responses and compare similarities and differences among their interpretations.
Students share their responses with a partner or in small group.
Students share their responses with the class.
Students share their responses, and the teacher writes responses on the board.
Students share their responses.
Students share their results with the class.
Students share their school's unique traditions and celebrate why they are proud of their school.
Students share their stories aloud.
Students share their stories and drawings with other class members.
Students share their story with others through one of the performing arts.
Students share their sums.
Students share their talents as readers, Eucharistic ministers, singers or musicians.
Students share their thought processes in a follow up discussion.
Students share their thoughts and concerns in class discussions.
Students share their thoughts and findings with each other.
Students share their toy and it's history with the class.
Students share their very best work with the online world.
Students share their visions of a better world.
Students share their work and respond to questions about that work.
Students share their work at a later date.
Students share their work during class every week.
Students share their work with peers and the community through on-line data collection.
Students share their work, publish on bulletin board.
Students share their writing and their dyed egg.
Students share their writing.
Students share their written work with other students and at home.
Students share things in their journals about the books they're reading.
Students share thoughts and even pictures of themselves and their schools.
Students share thoughts on what they have read.
Students share three parking slots behind the power plant.
Students share through discussion and compare with personal experience.
Students share toilet facilities.
Students share toilets and bath.
Students share used children's books in good condition with local schools and tutoring programs.
Students share ways they have shown kindness to other living things.
Students share weather data and interpretations with other students on the Internet.
Students share web designs with each other and describe the design process.
Students share what they found.
Students share what they have heard and the instructor writes the commands on the board.
Students share what they have recorded and explain their reasoning behind their estimates.
Students share what they have with others.
Students share what they know about paper and record their thoughts and questions about it.
Students share what they know about the concept.
Students share what they learned with a partner.
Students share what they read with others, through literature circles and literature logs.
Students share what they're learning.
Students share why they feel the music enhances the text.
Students share with a partner their family's photo album or photographs.
Students share with the class, justifying their answers.
Students share with the faculty the responsibility for academic honesty and integrity.
Students share writing projects for peer editing.
Students share writing via e-mail and site pages.
Students sharing a bath are responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of their bathroom.
Students sharing a kitchen are jointly responsible for any damages or excessive clean-up charges.
Students sharing personal and professional ideas and progress is one of the program's strengths.
Students sharing recitals generally find that the program works best if the performers alternate.
Students sharing similar career interests meet with graduates working in the field.
Students sharing the bath are responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of their bathroom.
Students sharpen basic Internet skills and see how math is relevant in other curriculum areas.
Students sharpen their ability to answer inference and factual questions.
Students sharpen their managerial skills and learn modern quantitative techniques.
Students sharpen their prewriting, editing, and revising skills.
Students sharpen their pronunciation skills through practice in and outside of class.
Students sharpen their skills in writing, speaking, and critical thinking.
Students sharpen their writing skills in paragraphs, essays, and timed writing.
Students shed clothing, trying to save Sanders by stemming the bleeding.
Students shelter at a classroom complex and a science block.
Students shift back and forth among bugs, a phenomenon called bug migration.
Students shift from consumers of information to producers.
Students shifting or turning in their seats represent the vibrational motion of solid particles.
Students shoot about three assignments a week.
Students shoot all assignments on color slide film.
Students shoot and process transparencies and negatives learniong to print from both processes.
Students shoot at other students during recess in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Students shoot black and white and color film.
Students shoot both color slide film and black and white negatives.
Students shoot color slide films and then evaluate the returned films the following day.
Students shoot color slides for assignments that are critiqued by teaching assistants.
Students shoot directing exercises in class with supervision of the instructor.
Students shoot film in camera, lighting, and production classes.
Students shoot in single and multiple camera setups, both in studio and on location.
Students shoot news, feature, sports and illustration pictures.
Students shoot on frame to learn how the ball bounces and how hard of throw is needed.
Students shoot other students at school-control weapons, beef up security.
Students shoot their films on location in Cambridge, and London if they choose.
Students shoot videotapes for the purpose of altering the images using image-processing tools.
Students shoot, direct, and edit short, silent films.
Students shop around for courses that fit both their personal needs and their degree requirements.
Students shop for schools, apply, and take courses on the Web.
Students shou carefully and thoroughly review the official degree program evaluation upon receipt.
Students should have background knowledge.
Students should have ideas.
Students should have knowledge.
Students should have opportunity.
Students shouldseal the gravel inside a container.
Students shout, teachers smile, As they crowd the school halls.
Students show a depth of understanding, originality, and generalizations.
Students show a tendency to fail to read the entire question.
Students show acceptance of diversity.
Students show accurate placement of plants on diagram.
Students show adeptness in interacting.
Students show an increased English vocabulary of words from or related to Latin.
Students show and recall signs they know.
Students show animation they created with their paint programs.
Students show basic comet concepts.
Students show command of Standard English.
Students show competency in using computer-aided design.
Students show difference between positive and negative slopes.
Students show enthusiasm for the research process.
Students show evidence of becoming life-long learners by using the language for personal enjoyment.
Students show evidence of critical thinking.
Students show familiarity with a range of important journals, including research journals.
Students show forms, sparring and board and block breaking in demos.
Students show general understanding of intermediate level written and oral text.
Students show good sportsmanship.
Students show great degree of achievement.
Students show growth on at least one post-test.
Students show horses during the summer.
Students show improvement in handing work in on time.
Students show improvement in skills appropriate for that course.
Students show improvement.
Students show increased interest in reading class.
Students show initiative and respond appropriately to supervision.
Students show interest.
Students show knowledge of their country.
Students show love and dignity through their art, which is nonjudgmental and nondiscriminating.
Students show minimal understanding of intermediate-level written and oral text.
Students show minimal understanding of written and oral text.
Students show more interest in the life of the intellect.
Students show off dorm decor .
Students show off their dinks, which they received as freshmen.
Students show off their finished machines to family members.
Students show off what they know.
Students show parents how to use digital cameras.
Students show partial understanding of intermediate-level written and oral text.
Students show partial understanding of written and oral text.
Students show respect for each other and the staff.
Students show respect for equipment, others, self and for privacy of data.
Students show respect for others.
Students show respect for teachers and learning.
Students show respect for the ideas of others.
Students show respect through self control and perseverence in training.
Students show school spirit.
Students show some basic comet concepts.
Students show strong support for the schools basketball and football teams.
Students show that they have learned the course materials.
Students show that they interacting.
Students show the instructor their shocked movie running on the web for checkoff credit.
Students show the relationship of Latin words to their derivatives and cognates in English.
Students show their appreciation.
Students show their artistic and humorous talents in short skits, songs, videos, and more.
Students show their parents the reading programs they use on computers in the information center.
Students show their pictures, read their message to the class, and the class discusses the message.
Students show their portfolio to the class and explain what their symbol is and what it represents.
Students show their respect for their professors by listening quietly.
Students show their school spirit by wearing their South shirts on spirit days and skate nights.
Students show their stuff at the Evening of Swing during Family Weekend.
Students show their talents in singing, dancing and acting.
Students show thorough understanding of intermediate written and oral text.
Students show thorough understanding of written and oral text.
Students show understanding of the history and development of Earth sensing.
Students show understanding of the scientific process.
Students show understanding of written and oral text.
Students show up early for their minimum-wage jobs and stay late.
Students show up here every semester open to all the stimulation of being in Europe.
Students show what they have made.
Students show willingness to learn.
Students show works in progress to each other.
Students show, through the use of their diagrams, the physical chages that occur during the seasons.
Students showcase their songs, dances and acting pieces each semester in public recitals.
Students showing symptoms are to be excluded from school.
Students show-off their research projects that they completed during the summer.
Students shows little or no interest in subject matter.
Students shuffle in.
Students shuffle toward their seats.
Students shuold be prepared to work outdoors.
Students sift through their site to obtain artifacts.
Students sign a continous contract that is valid as long as the student remains enrolled in classes.
Students sign a contract agreeing to honor the solutions they reach.
Students sign a contract and enroll for one or more periods per day.
Students sign a contract outlining expectations.
Students sign a copy of the policy, and take a copy home to their parents.
Students sign a letter of agreement recording their receipt of the tapes.
Students sign a pledge to communicate only in the new language.
Students sign a pledge to meet set requirements.
Students sign a rights and responsibilities contract on entry to the program.
Students sign a roll at each class meeting.
Students sign a voucher for each expenditure.
Students sign an agreement expressing their commitment to the program.
Students sign an agreement similar to the following illustration.
Students sign and mat their artwork on white paper.
Students sign class participation list at the beginning of class.
Students sign confidentiality and non-compete agreements.
Students sign contracts with the school, the teachers, and with their parents.
Students sign each sessions.
Students sign email letters with their first name only.
Students sign in and out on time cards, recording their hours of attendance.
Students sign in as they use the program and teachers or parents can monitor their progress.
Students sign in at the door.
Students sign in before voting.
Students sign on using e-mail and then online discussions follow.
Students sign out and leave.
Students sign out materials for in-library day use.
Students sign out materials using their student photo identification card.
Students sign out of residence hall kitchens.
Students sign pledge to use Arabic at all times.
Students sign promissory notes for loans.
Students sign some forms.
Students sign the evaluation to indicate that they have read and reviewed it.
Students sign up at the beginning of the year, promising year-long commitment.
Students sign up daily for half hour appointments.
Students sign up during their freshman orientation.
Students sign up for a bells slot at the start of the semester.
Students sign up for a block of teaching time on a specified date.
Students sign up for a single subject and do it all week, in the same room.
Students sign up for a six-week workshop where basic writing skills are emphasized.
Students sign up for a topic in teams of two.
Students sign up for a weekly session in a small group.
Students sign up for all three.
Students sign up for an available time.
Students sign up for an hour-long lab when they come in and work on assignments.
Students sign up for an interview time when they submit their resume to the company.
Students sign up for blocks of classes rather than individual courses.
Students sign up for classes with mail-in, regular, and late registration.
Students sign up for distance learning courses for a variety of reasons.
Students sign up for distance learning courses the same way they sign up for traditional courses.
Students sign up for individual questions, look up the answers and report to the group.
Students sign up for interviews at the presentation.
Students sign up for interviews online.
Students sign up for interviews, companies register their schedules, and so forth via our Web site.
Students sign up for lunch at the meeting registration desk.
Students sign up for one class per semester.
Students sign up for one credit in the fall and one credit in the spring.
Students sign up for one three-month quarter at a time.
Students sign up for regular scheduled tours or individualized tours.
Students sign up for six semesters of apprenticeship.
Students sign up for six-week club sessions based upon their interest and the grade level specified.
Students sign up for technical labs on ACL camera.
Students sign up for testing with the approval of their instructors.
Students sign up for the book party they want to attend.
Students sign up for the course before arrival on the application or preregistration form.
Students sign up for the entire package and move together through the semester activities.
Students sign up for the session time that fits their class and work schedule.
Students sign up for the tool tests in orientation sessions that precede the exams by several weeks.
Students sign up for the two-week course, which is taught at specific dates and times.
Students sign up for their choices for X-block during homeroom.
Students sign up for their mock interview.
Students sign up for their teachers and see all teacher infomation at once.
Students sign up for three courses an internship, a seminar, and an elective.
Students sign up for two half-hour blocks on the computer.
Students sign up in advance for advising.
Students sign up in advance in Counseling.
Students sign up in the office for drop and add.
Students sign up on a first come first serve basis.
Students sign up on a sheet kept on a clip-board by the main desk.
Students sign up sponsors and collect pledges for every book they read during a four-week period.
Students sign up to attend with their mathematics teacher.
Students sign up to be a peer student seven times.
Students sign up to be in the order they want to compete.
Students sign up to commit their time to a community service project.
Students sign up to examine materials and write a review with a faculty member for credit.
Students sign up to have lunch with a particular alumnus, on a first available basis.
Students sign up to participate in the presentations and attendance is usually very strong.
Students sign up to participate, and their names are made available to church members.
Students sign up to phone for many different reasons.
Students sign up to volunteer to work the stand day and night.
Students sign up to work the meet.
Students sign up using numbers or letters instead of using their names.
Students signal with thumbs if they understand each stage.
Students silently read a longer passage and create a written response to the reading.
Students silently read a meaningful chunk of text to verify predictions or answer questions.
Students sill carry out individual projects under the guidance of selected staff member.
Students simplify polynomials, factor binomials and trinomials, and operate with polynomials.
Students simply access the site and anonymously report their safety concerns on-line.
Students simply apply for admission to any of the member community colleges.
Students simply are more comfortable with their teacher the second time around.
Students simply call it a great place to live.
Students simply click on the icon to access the tool.
Students simply elect as few or as many courses in the cognate field as they desire.
Students simply enter in the data, and the program does the calculations.
Students simply fill in the appropriate section on the application.
Students simply fill out a designated form and take it to the registrar's office for processing.
Students simply follow it.
Students simply get a bigger and better picture of the field.
Students simply insert the CD-ROM in the appropriate drive and the main menu comes up.
Students simply learn better when they have a personal experience with the subject matter.
Students simply log onto a host computer and download information.
Students simply logon and learn.
Students simply move from one section of a course to another without changing their registration.
Students simply pay for their housing, meals, and fees at the other institution.
Students simply register and begin taking their courses.
Students simply register for the courses through the telephone registration procedure.
Students simply rotate between work areas, each of which has different materials for their use.
Students simply rotate their classes.
Students simply scan in books, magazines, or other printed material.
Students simply show up to the first lecture and sign up for the course.
Students simply sign the form and return it with one half of the balance due.
Students simply sort the materials.
Students simply stand beside a partner and the whole class forms a double circle.
Students simply take a sequence of courses for a preferred career pathway.
Students simply toss the totebag speaker into a backpack and carry it from class to class.
Students simply wish to take their understanding of sport to a higher level.
Students simulate a contemporary election while playing the roles of four presidents.
Students simulate a process of land development in a physically involving activity.
Students simulate a real project by playing the roles of end user, data modeler and facilitator.
Students simulate a society and analyze experience.
Students simulate a watershed using paper and paint.
Students simulate an excavation and learn the cultural sequence in Kansas.
Students simulate being part of a review board or being a grant presenter.
Students simulate effect of alcohol on neuron.
Students simulate effect of cocaine on neuron.
Students simulate field testing during an environmental engineering lab.
Students simulate flossing.
Students simulate foraging by searching for and gathering toothpicks.
Students simulate life on Mars, with the support of hp Canada.
Students simulate nerve actions.
Students simulate planetary impacts by throwing hard objects onto a simulated lunar surface.
Students simulate preparing snacks.
Students simulate role of the employed graduate under the guidance of a selected nursing preceptor.
Students simulate shortness of breath.
Students simulate tar affecting the cilia.
Students simulate the body coverings of various aquatic animals.
Students simulate the investment process using a user-friendly computer package.
Students simulate the unpredictable consequences of steroid use.
Students simulate two life-style adaptations and analyze each of their selective advantages.
Students simulate ways that water, wind, and ice help to form soil.
Students simultaneously attend one of the four schools of Jewish studies.
Students simultaneously vote for the best answer by raising color-coded sheets of paper.
Students sing a patriotic song and sing exercises for pitch recognition.
Students sing a prepared piece before impartial judges.
Students sing a song about a food chain and then create an art project.
Students sing a varied repertoire of music alone and with others.
Students sing a variety of music in jazz and popular styles.
Students sing a variety of music written for small vocal ensembles, often without accompaniment.
Students sing a variety of pieces written especially for small ensembles.
Students sing a variety of songs in a number of styles, and perform in two public concerts.
Students sing a variety of unison and two-part songs.
Students sing about saying no to tobacco.
Students sing along, clap the rhythms, dance and ask questions.
Students sing and accompany themselves on xylophones, drums and hand percussion instruments.
Students sing and imitate the teacher's movements to the beat of the music.
Students sing and play the same kinds of pieces that their peers do in public high schools.
Students sing and read lyrics from song.
Students sing at various church and school functions.
Students sing atonal melodies and dictation in two, three, and four parts.
Students sing folk songs and dance indigenous dances while learning about diverse cultures.
Students sing in choir.
Students sing in numerous concerts throughout the year.
Students sing in our choir and share their talents as musicians at our services.
Students sing in unison, rounds and twoparts.
Students sing music from various cultures.
Students sing or chant their lyrics during the last class of the unit.
Students sing or perform a varied repertoire of music.
Students sing or perform on instruments a varied repertoire of music.
Students sing or play on instruments a varied repertoire of music, alone or with others.
Students sing song.
Students sing songs in Latin.
Students sing the names of the animals in the song and the corresponding animal sounds.
Students sing the song with expression and technical accuracy.
Students sing, dance, and play instruments.
Students sing, dance, play musical instruments, and lip sync.
Students sing, dance, play their instruments, groups do skits, and more.
Students sing, move, play instruments, and compose.
Students sing, play instruments, dance, and read and write music.
Students sing, play instruments, move and create music.
Students sink or swim together, because all of their work is teamwork.
Students sip wine and feast on delicious sandwiches, soups, and other snacks.
Students sit a written examination for each course.
Students sit and chat after the meal at the picnic.
Students sit and watch the football game on the back of a truck.
Students sit around an eight-sided table with two computers per student.
Students sit around tables and work together on projects.
Students sit around tables for art and sit in rows for music.
Students sit around the campfire, tell trail stories, sing camp songs.
Students sit around the elders to learn sewing the Hmong way - by watching and practicing.
Students sit around the floor graph.
Students sit around the map.
Students sit at computers connected to the Internet and wear headphones.
Students sit at courtside and the atmosphere just before tipoff is tingling.
Students sit at courtside, and the atmosphere just before tipoff is tingling.
Students sit at round tables of eight.
Students sit at tables arranged by school year.
Students sit at tables instead of traditional desks.
Students sit at tables with an adult and are served meals family style.
Students sit at tables with four other students.
Students sit at their desks, quietly and frowning.
Students sit back and stop talking until time is called.
Students sit cross-legged on the mats and begin meditation.
Students sit down and discuss the questions and answers.
Students sit down for a period of time and fill in the bubbles.
Students sit examinations in eight subjects of their choosing.
Students sit for all four of their exams on one day.
Students sit for certification as nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, or both.
Students sit for comprehensive examinations at the end of each term.
Students sit for two sessions of three hours each.
Students sit four papers.
Students sit in a circle and an object is passed around.
Students sit in a circle and each draws three numbers.
Students sit in a circle and one at a time are blindfolded.
Students sit in a circle and someone suggests a descriptive title for the improvised story.
Students sit in a circle and suit actions to the words.
Students sit in a circle around the room.
Students sit in a circle around the tower and determine who goes first.
Students sit in a circle in front of computers and a large display.
Students sit in a circle, preferably around a table.
Students sit in a circle.
Students sit in a study hall for nine weeks until an industrial arts teacher can come on board.
Students sit in booths around the perimeter of the room with a proctor at the center of the room.
Students sit in chairs.
Students sit in circles or other clusters, sometimes with their teacher as one member of the group.
Students sit in circles.
Students sit in classes all day, being lectured to by professors.
Students sit in cushioned chairs or on cushions on the carpeted floor.
Students sit in decades-old desks.
Students sit in four-person teams around small tables equipped with a computer at each end.
Students sit in groups of four, facing each other.
Students sit in half-lotus position with their backs straight and eyes closed.
Students sit in pairs, back to back, one with a paper and pencil the other with a marine organism.
Students sit in ranks waiting to learn from the spoken word.
Students sit in rock chairs.
Students sit in rows facing forward while the expert pontificates in front of the room.
Students sit in rows in the traditional way and the teacher directs from the front.
Students sit in rows, perform specific tasks, and master a specific set of skills.
Students sit in teams of four around tables, with two computers at each table.
Students sit in the assigned area for their class in the gym or auditorium.
Students sit in two concentric circles as in the other two kinds of training.
Students sit in two concentric circles with the inside circle facing the outside circle.
Students sit next to their friends during lunch.
Students sit on a technology advisory board, and they are very much involved in making decisions.
Students sit on adult-sized folding chairs behind traditional school desks or tables.
Students sit on college committees and play an active role in making critical decisions.
Students sit on committees and share significantly in the development of the college.
Students sit on edges of their chairs, both feet on floor, one foot slightly in front on the other.
Students sit on literacy advisory boards, as well.
Students sit on old rugs.
Students sit on padded chairs at tables.
Students sit on policy committees with faculty and administrators.
Students sit on the floor or at a table.
Students sit on their desks and pass a ball to a player who then calls out an adjective.
Students sit on top of their desks and have to pass the beanbags around to one another.
Students sit one exercise each week and can review their progress throughout the course via the web.
Students sit passively and absorb information.
Students sit quietly and work for significant periods of time.
Students sit quietly, answer questions, and discuss ideas at the teacher's prompting.
Students sit shoulder to shoulder on benches and appear to study hard.
Students sit still in chairs and listen.
Students sit the exam in familiar and relaxing surroundings.
Students sit the test, which identifies areas of weakness in their learning.
Students sit their examinations at the appropriate centre.
Students sit through class discussions but never receive a grade.
Students sit together and chant during lessons.
Students sit unusually close to each other and describe the results.
Students sit with their counselor group at dinner.
Students sit with their groups during class and work together throughout the semester.
Students sitting at courtside only add to the roaring atmosphere.
Students sitting in a classroom are typically quite heterogeneous.
Students sitting in front of a large computer screen submit questions on a rotating basis.
Students sitting in the back of a classroom find more distractions.
Students sketch a pie graph for each year using the percents.
Students sketch a rough draft of their idea on scratch paper.
Students sketch an estuary food web in their journal.
Students sketch intersection including immediate surrounding area.
Students sketch or find a picture from other sources of their selected organism.
Students sketch the contents of the string window .
Students ski at a local ski resort and they have a great time.
Students ski on area trails.
Students skip classes for a variety of reasons.
Students sleep and get together with fellow roomates in there houses.
Students sleep in class.
Students sleep in four-poster beds hung with velvet curtains.
Students sleep in thatched bandas.
Students sleep in the dormitories. . . .
Students sleep in the dormitories.
Students slide feet first.
Students slowly leave.
Students smell each balloon and identify smell.
Students smile for the camera.
Students smoke at a high school party.
Students smoke for all different reasons, the few described here are merely the tip of the iceberg.
Students smoke marijuana like they drink alcohol.
Students smoke on the bus.
Students smoke, and often use extension cords that can overload electrical outlets.
Students sneak peeks at their neighbors' papers.
Students socialize and compare notes outside the residence hall.
Students socialize and many choose to change into play clothes.
Students socialize before meetings.
Students solicit questions about their city for a short video.
Students solidify algebraic ideas and thinking skills while working with basic geometric figures.
Students solidify their own learning by teaching others.
Students solve a problem similar to a wide variety of real-life problems in many communities.
Students solve a quadratic equation by factoring or completing the square.
Students solve a range of design problems that vary in scope and perspective.
Students solve a series of word puzzles.
Students solve actual or simulated clinical problems.
Students solve and graph multistep inequalities in one variable.
Students solve business problems using information technology tools.
Students solve challenging mathematics problems and present solutions.
Students solve challenging, substantive problems that complement their classroom learning.
Students solve equations and explain solutions.
Students solve equations and inequalities involving absolute value.
Students solve equations and inequalities involving absolute values.
Students solve equations with radicals and recognize extraneous roots.
Students solve fraction problems using all four mathematical operations.
Students solve fun math challenges to earn map puzzle pieces.
Students solve hypothetical, social, political, and economic problems.
Students solve linear and nonlinear equations, inequalities, and systems of equations.
Students solve math problems to move from orbit to orbit while participating in an adventure game.
Students solve math word problems to advance in the game from beginner to advanced.
Students solve more math problems per unit of time played.
Students solve most problems without having to acquire new knowledge.
Students solve multistep equations in one variable and translate and solve related word problems.
Students solve multi-step equations involving real numbers.
Students solve multistep equations involving real numbers.
Students solve practical problems.
Students solve probability and counting problems .
Students solve probability problems with simple and compound events.
Students solve problems and create knowledge.
Students solve problems and draw conclusions.
Students solve problems and justify their reasoning.
Students solve problems as they learn to use the tools.
Students solve problems based on real-life situations.
Students solve problems by making tables and graphing, or solving quadratic equations.
Students solve problems by reading and understanding tables and data.
Students solve problems by reasoning.
Students solve problems collaboratively in class.
Students solve problems expressed in English.
Students solve problems in a variety of real-world contexts.
Students solve problems in reasonable ways and justify reasoning .
Students solve problems in three dimensions, using a variety of materials.
Students solve problems involving angle relationships.
Students solve problems involving basic trigonometric identities.
Students solve problems involving congruence and similarity.
Students solve problems involving fractions, ratios, proportions, and percentages.
Students solve problems involving geometric transformations.
Students solve problems involving geometry, measurement, and probability.
Students solve problems involving number theory and scientific notation.
Students solve problems of food handling on a large scale.
Students solve problems on the board.
Students solve problems related to everyday uses of money.
Students solve problems related to fast cars, boats, trains, and airplanes.
Students solve problems related to living expenses, taxes,banking, credit, and insurance.
Students solve problems using counting principles.
Students solve problems using paper and pencil to follow the actions of the computer.
Students solve problems, which require creativity and put their ideas into production.
Students solve problems.
Students solve proportional reasoning problems including percent applications and scale drawings.
Students solve quadratic equations.
Students solve quantitative problems expressed in English.
Students solve real world problem involving fractions, rations, proportions, percents, and decimals.
Students solve real world problems related to their individual lives.
Students solve real-life problems using reasoning to plan and explain their work.
Students solve science puzzles to ultimately design alternative energy vehicles.
Students solve several problems for which the solutions can be found in the binary numbers.
Students solve simple linear equations and inequalities over the rational numbers.
Students solve simple sentences involving addition with variables.
Students solve small problems and are tutored by Socratic dialog with the computer.
Students solve social issues and tactical problems as they delve to perform a scene from the play.
Students solve some of the more difficult problems and plot curves using a computer.
Students solve story problems using counting skills, greater, less and geometry.
Students solve systems with two, three and four unknowns and learn to use matrices.
Students solve the mysteries by asking the teacher questions that can be answered 'yes' or 'no'.
Students solve the mystery by analyzing samples of hair, plants, and blood smears.
Students solve the mystery from an archeological dig.
Students solve the problem as they work through the booklet.
Students solve the problem posted weekly and submit answers online.
Students solve the problem using the modal drawing approach.
Students solve the problems - teachers are coaches and facilitators.
Students solve the problems - Teachers are the coaches and facilitators.
Students solve their own problems themselves, then give to other students to solve.
Students solve three and five-sum puzzles while creating their own puzzles for others to solve.
Students solve various communications challenges using the methods used by art directors.
Students sometime take twelve hours of credit the first semester of study.
Students soon become quite proficient with less guidance needed as their skills develop.
Students soon begin to re-create and demonstrate their pattern of family interactions.
Students soon discover how easy it is to communicate in Spanish.
Students soon discover that all of their learning experiences come together at the competition.
Students soon learn it is easier and more fun to work and learn in a cooperative fashion.
Students soon learn that if they show up and get to school, great literary happenings are in store.
Students soon learn that product design has a big influence on every stage in the life cycle.
Students soon realize that their scores have little to do with the form of testing.
Students soon realize that there are a many animals killed or injured by motor vehicles.
Students soon realize that there are many animals killed or injured by motor vehicles.
Students soon realize that with hard work and effort, they can accomplish things.
Students soon realize the value of self-improvement, both academically and professionally.
Students sort animals by where they live.
Students sort data and query data to create a summary report of the data gathered.
Students sort items according to attributes.
Students sort magnets.
Students sort out all of the appropriate cards from the deck for their number family.
Students sort the cards into families.
Students sort the cards visually by matching the symbols or color.
Students sort the coins by value.
Students sort the pictures in as many ways as possible related to tastes.
Students sort the pieces into groups and state the criterion on which their sorting was based.
Students sort the shapes they created.
Students sort themselves by month of birth, and then within each group by height or birth date.
Students sort themselves by race, sex, and age in the cafeteria.
Students sound out words phonetically and practice reading passages from books.
Students sow seeds, plant and tend the garden, and process the harvest.
Students sparring Great emphasis is placed on providing a safe environment in which to train.
Students speak an international language, regardless of their country of origin.
Students speak and listen for effective communication in a variety of contexts.
Students speak and listen for effective communications in a variety of contexts.
Students speak and read in a new language from the first class.
Students speak and read in their new language from the very first class.
Students speak and read using all verb tenses and a broad range of structures and vocabulary.
Students speak and read using all verb tenses and a wide variety of structures and vocabulary.
Students speak clearly and listen well as they share ideas, plans, and instructions.
Students speak English, are fully insured, and have their own spending money.
Students speak English, have own spending money and are insured.
Students speak English, have their own spending money and have full medical insurance.
Students speak French for the entire duration.
Students speak highly of the programming that occurs in the residence halls.
Students speak in listed order.
Students speak in longer phrases and complete sentences.
Students speak in the target language for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students speak loud enough for the whole class to hear.
Students speak nearly one hundred different native languages.
Students speak of greater orderliness and ease in their individual lives.
Students speak of understanding the material rather than just memorizing facts.
Students speak only when spoken to.
Students speak out .
Students Speak Out .
Students speak out about a variety of issues.
Students speak out about their heroes.
Students speak out against proposed grade indexing in question and answer forum.
Students speak out.
Students Speak Out.
Students speak Spanish daily.
Students speak Spanish for the entire session.
Students Speak Their Minds .
Students speak their minds openly in class, and their views are received by professors with respect.
Students Speak Their Minds.
Students speak to affirm of negate bills presented by their competitors.
Students speak to communicate for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students speak very freely of their impressions of their college.
Students speak with and seek guidance from professionals within the career they are exploring.
Students speak, listen, read, write and learn about a particular topic.
Students speaking to class builds confidence.
Students specialise further by choosing from the variety of courses offered as options.
Students specialise in broadcast , magazine , newspaper.
Students specialise in one of five area of Engineering.
Students specialise in the final year.
Students specialize and become experts in their field.
Students specialize by completing two academic minors.
Students specialize during their residency training which follows graduation from medical school.
Students specialize in a combination of motor development, motor learning, and motor control.
Students specialize in a field and pursue all of their courses in only a couple of departments.
Students specialize in Ceramics or Printmaking though drawing and painting is apart of both courses.
Students specialize in either diagnostic medical physics or therapeutic medical physics.
Students specialize in either production agriculture or a field of business.
Students specialize in making useful items for people with specialized needs.
Students specialize in orthopedic or neurological medicine or physical therapy.
Students specialize in Russian for a variety of reasons.
Students specialize in the area of management, technical, or applied knowledge.
Students specialize in their own governments.
Students specialize in their senior year.
Students specialize within areas of faculty expertise.
Students specializing in environmental policy do a policy analysis for a sponsor.
Students specializing in the humanities and social sciences have priority.
Students speculate about land use and nitrate levels.
Students speculate on their rights to sustainable water resources.
Students speculate on ways to clear up the difficulty.
Students spell a word or are asked questions about their lesson and then ring a bell.
Students spell a word.
Students spell by using the keyboard or by simply pulling down letters from an on-screen alphabet.
Students spell only the words that are known.
Students spell only words that are known.
Students spell words with shaving creams on their desktops.
Students spend a considerable portion of their science class time in well-equipped labs.
Students spend a day at Manhattan East.
Students spend a day in the work place with a parent or business person.
Students spend a day visiting and being interviewed by trainee careers staff.
Students spend a few hours each month beautifying the park grounds.
Students spend a full day each week in a classroom, plus a weekly seminar for sharing information.
Students spend a full term engaged in legal work on be half of clients.
Students spend a good portion of their time observing and assisting in a secondary school classroom.
Students spend a half-semester in a training program, for which they earn academic credit.
Students spend a large percentage of their time at a job site in an actual construction situation.
Students spend a large portion of their scholastic lives writing and researching papers.
Students spend a lot of energy and emotion to receive one piece of paper - a diploma.
Students spend a lot of money on food.
Students spend a lot of time fixing problems with their end products.
Students spend a lot of time playing math games in small groups.
Students spend a lot of time throwing and painting pots.
Students spend a majority of their hours in school working in a modern, well-equipped laboratory.
Students spend a majority of their time off campus and a high percentage live off campus.
Students spend a majority of their time outside the classroom completing their projects.
Students spend a minimum of six hours per week in a supervised computer facility.
Students spend a minimum of three hours each week in a wide range of community service activities.
Students spend a minimum of three periods training in industry as part of the course.
Students spend a minimum of three periodstraining in industry as part of the course.
Students spend a minute or two thinking about an answer or solution.
Students spend a month studying various countries and cultures of the world.
Students spend a night in a Maori village and participate in Maori customs.
Students spend a night with a farm family as part of the project.
Students spend a part of each day in the hot glass studio practicing Venetian techniques.
Students spend a portion of the school year at area manufacturing facilities for hands-on training.
Students spend a portion of the time developing drawings on a computer aided drafting system.
Students spend a portion of their day within the classroom setting.
Students spend a portion of their time in the laboratories of local companies.
Students spend a semester off-campus studying marine biology and coastal land use policy.
Students spend a semester or a summer session at an engineering company.
Students spend a semester working full-time and then a semester attending school.
Students spend a summer or a semester in a job related to their major or career interest.
Students spend a summer, semester, or year continuing formal academic study.
Students spend a term or more studying at other institutions of higher learning across the globe.
Students spend a week in an international residency.
Students spend a week on location building a house.
Students spend a week or two on campus during the time of their qualifying exam.
Students spend a whole year working with teachers on solving problems in the classroom.
Students spend a year in hospitals for internship.
Students spend a year studying abroad at SDSU tuition rates.
Students spend about a third of the fifteen-week semester traveling in Italy.
Students spend about four to five weeks overseas and can earn from three to twelve credit hours.
Students spend about half of their time in the classroom and half in the field.
Students spend about half the normal time in class.
Students spend about half their class time in a lab in a typical week.
Students spend about the final third of the course time working on an independent mini-project.
Students spend about three months in the field, either on indi-vidual or group research projects.
Students spend about two hours per day in the shop and one hour per day in the classroom.
Students spend about two hours studying for each hour spent in class.
Students spend about two weeks researching and putting their presentations together.
Students spend additional time in private reading, listening and score study.
Students spend additional time in private reading, listening and technical practice.
Students spend additional time in private study with problem solving.
Students spend additional time in private study.
Students spend additional time on evenings and weekends preparing their studio assignments.
Students spend an average of four years in the program.
Students spend an entire semester in the field, working in different places for two-week intervals.
Students spend an hour after school and weekend time to learn more mastery skills.
Students spend an hour and a half on reading every day.
Students spend an hour each day in English class, another hour in math class.
Students spend an intensive week covering the goings-on with a professional mentor by their side.
Students spend approximately eight hours per week working under the supervision of the attorneys.
Students spend approximately fifteen hours per week in class.
Students spend approximately forty hours a week in the field for twenty- eight weeks.
Students spend approximately forty hours at each site.
Students spend approximately forty hours in each site.
Students spend approximately four days conducting Internet research in the computer lab.
Students spend approximately nine hours on clinic related activities each week.
Students spend approximately one and one-half weeks in Eastern Europe and a month in Israel.
Students spend approximately one hour per week at a hospital developing blood collection skills.
Students spend approximately one week visiting Guadalajara.
Students spend approximately one-third of their total degree program working in industry.
Students spend approximately six hours a week in their internship placement for twelve weeks.
Students spend approximately sixty percent of their time on theory.
Students spend approximately ten minutes on each lab seeking observations for each question.
Students spend as many as seven hours weekly hosting guest tours through greenhouses.
Students spend as much time as possible on home studies.
Students spend at least one hour on outside lab work for each hour in class.
Students spend at least one summer as an intern working in one of the partner's laboratories.
Students spend at least two hours per week for each credit.
Students spend considerable lab time outside the classroom.
Students spend considerable time developing organizational and persuasive skills.
Students spend considerable time on off-campus assignments focusing on civic issues and the courts.
Students spend considerable time writing in class and as homework.
Students spend countless hours thinking and communicating in the language of mathematics.
Students spend eight days in New York City exploring galleries, museums and artists' studios.
Students spend eight hours per day training either in class or on rail equipment.
Students spend eight weeks engaged in laboratory research.
Students spend eight weeks in each city.
Students spend eight weeks in general surgery and four weeks on the surgical subspecialties.
Students spend eight weeks in the program.
Students spend eight weeks in the summer program.
Students spend eight weeks on general surgery.
Students spend either two half-days or one full day per week in supervised field activity.
Students spend equal time with each community preceptor.
Students spend extensive time observing, assisting and teaching in public school classrooms.
Students spend far more time with para-faculty and teaching assistants and less with senior faculty.
Students spend fifteen hours a week in an internship.
Students spend five full days weekly, for six weeks, in medical offices and clinics.
Students spend five to six hours in class each day.
Students spend five to ten hours each week in supervised community service.
Students spend five weeks studying the world of aviation careers.
Students spend four and a half days a week working and one night a week in an academic course.
Students spend four days a week focusing on academics.
Students spend four days in class, leaving the weekends available to work at local restaurants.
Students spend four hours a week working directly within a hospital department.
Students spend four mornings a week rotating through various departments within the hospital.
Students spend four or more years reading, thinking about and trying to conduct accounting research.
Students spend four to six months on their paintings.
Students spend four weeklong residency periods on campus, one before each quarter.
Students spend four weeks at each program site.
Students spend four weeks on a general surgical service.
Students spend four weeks with a community preceptor in communities throughout Illinois.
Students spend four years of professional study at an accredited optometry school or college.
Students spend fourteen weeks in a developing nation.
Students spend free time attending attractions around the Kansas City area.
Students spend full days, five days a week in the field for seven weeks.
Students spend full days, five days a week in the field, for seven weeks.
Students spend half of each day in a multicultural classroom setting.
Students spend huge chunks of time online, and an increasing amount of money.
Students spend large portions of each day working in teams or with a partner.
Students spend less time in class and more time in independent and group study.
Students spend less time in red tape, more t ime making informed decisions.
Students spend less time searching and more time learning to become great, tech-savvy educators.
Students spend little time in study or organized social events.
Students spend long hours in front of the computer and a good monitor is important.
Students spend long hours on course work with little time off.
Students spend lots of time solving complex problems.
Students spend many hours and years contributing to their colleges and communities.
Students spend many hours and years contributing to their schools and communities.
Students spend many hours observing at the junior and senior high school levels.
Students spend many hours practicing and perfecting their performance.
Students spend many hours working in the labs on projects and assignments.
Students spend money, in addition to their tuition, books, and accommodation costs.
Students spend months identifying, developing and testing their experiments.
Students spend more of their own time learning and becoming more deeply involved in the process.
Students spend more on alcohol then they do on books.
Students spend more than six hours a day in the classroom, computer labs and the library.
Students spend more time and money online on research and travel and telecommunications services.
Students spend more time in and around school than in any other setting, including their own homes.
Students spend more time in school and in studying.
Students spend more time on the writing process.
Students spend more time with a research person because that person has more time.
Students spend more time with the 'fun' material that provides the 'hooks' for the concepts.
Students spend mornings in intensive language classes.
Students spend most of their day in classes learning the typical array of subjects.
Students spend most of their day with frustrated adults.
Students spend most of their time in law school dissecting judicial opinions.
Students spend most of their time in lectures and group exercises.
Students spend most weekends on campus.
Students spend much more time in their residence hall than in the classroom.
Students spend much of the workshop time collaborating in groups on the more difficult problems.
Students spend much of their day in classrooms that almost never feel warm and homelike.
Students spend much of their time on extracurricular activities.
Students spend much time analyzing tunes written by Jazz masters and writing.
Students spend nine hours per week in supervised setting and three hours in weekly class meeting.
Students spend nine months of each year of the course working in the gardens.
Students spend on average five hours in class per day.
Students spend one afternoon a week assigned to various music education activities.
Students spend one afternoon per week at the medical center.
Students spend one afternoon per week, three times each month, working in their preceptor's office.
Students spend one and half hours outside class hours for reading and writing practice.
Students spend one day a week at an actual workplace in an industry in which they are interested.
Students spend one day a week in a government position.
Students spend one day a week on campus in a career-oriented seminar.
Students spend one day in the classroom and four days on the firing range.
Students spend one day in the classroom and three days on the firing range.
Students spend one day in the media center with their English classes.
Students spend one day per week in the classroom, four days at the job site.
Students spend one day per week learning basic boat handling, seamanship and navigation.
Students spend one day to one week with a professional in a field of their choice.
Students spend one hour a week in the classroom sharing their experiences from the ride along.
Students spend one hour everyday in the school garden.
Students spend one hour in each of the subject classrooms in their cluster every day.
Students spend one month working on an independent research project.
Students spend one or two quarters as an intern with a company which has been selected in advance.
Students spend one week in intense training.
Students spend one week of the program in the town of Newport in Central Pennsylvania.
Students spend one year at sea on commerical ships.
Students spend one year training in a hospital clinical lab.
Students spend one-third of their waking hours at school.
Students spend over five times as much time in the residence halls as they do in the classroom.
Students spend part of each week with each partner.
Students spend part of some weekends helping to build housing for low income and homeless families.
Students spend part of their training period working within the industrial company.
Students spend scheduled time throughout the week and are very enthusiastic.
Students spend semester on group project.
Students spend seven days with their mentors and learn how to function as a team member.
Students spend seven weeks in one of the world's most vibrant, fashionable cities.
Students spend several class sessions designing and flowcharting their programs.
Students spend several hours a day in the apartment.
Students spend short periods of time at each job and rotate into related job areas.
Students spend significant amounts of time as tutors and as student teachers in local schools.
Students spend significant school time interacting with the outside world.
Students spend six full-day Wednesdays in their assigned clinic during each specialty rotation.
Students spend six hours per week in a supervised in-school experience and attend a weekly seminar.
Students spend six hours per week in a supervised in-school experience and attend weekly seminar.
Students spend six to seven hours a day at school.
Students spend six weeks in internal medicine.
Students spend six weeks learning about radio before they say a word on the air.
Students spend six weeks studying the language and culture of Japan.
Students spend sixteen hours learning methods of communicating effectively in difficult situations.
Students spend sixteen weeks living in and traveling throughout Israel, the West Bank, and Gaza.
Students spend some time alone to observe nature.
Students spend some time at local agencies and clinics within the area.
Students spend some time in the classroom learning about balanced riding and equine safety.
Students spend some time in the lab during each class.
Students spend spring break helping others.
Students spend substantially more time on productive learning tasks.
Students spend summer doing research .
Students spend summers engaged in full-time research.
Students spend ten hours each week for two semesters in a practicum setting.
Students spend ten weeks during the summer in intensive language classes studying Nepali or Tibetan.
Students spend the day building and getting to know each other.
Students spend the day visitng each station and learning about colonial life.
Students spend the entire day at a secondary school for the complete semester.
Students spend the entire day at a secondary school for the complete term.
Students spend the equivalent of the first year of classes in law school.
Students spend the fifth year of study at a Chinese university.
Students spend the first day working in the field with a high definition camera.
Students spend the first eighteen weeks in classroom training.
Students spend the first five weeks interning with news media in Cape Town.
Students spend the first semester in Mexico or Jamaica and the second semester in London.
Students spend the first seven months in Vienna and the last seven in South Carolina.
Students spend the first three weeks learning how to feel about cutting down trees.
Students spend the first three years studying mostly science subjects with some law subjects.
Students spend the first three years taking arts and sciences courses.
Students spend the first three years taking basic science and general education courses.
Students spend the first three years taking undergraduate courses.
Students spend the first two years acquiring a general training in philosophy.
Students spend the first week of the session in review.
Students spend the first year at the law school studying traditional law curriculum.
Students spend the first year studying basic counseling theory and techniques.
Students spend the following seven weeks working on individual research projects.
Students spend the fourth year of study at a university overseas.
Students spend the fourth year of the course studying at an overseas university.
Students spend the Interim term in an industrial plant performing as plant engineers.
Students spend the last few minutes back in their classrooms, reflecting and planning ahead.
Students spend the last five weeks on a term project.
Students spend the majority of the class time in hands-on exercises.
Students spend the majority of their time in various labs gaining hands-on experience.
Students spend the night in a residence hall.
Students spend the night on campus in one of our residence halls with one of our current students.
Students spend the other half of the day at their home high school.
Students spend the remainder of each week in seminars and on health-related field trips.
Students spend the rest of each week learning by experience - creating furniture.
Students spend the rest of their class time working together on problem solving and taking tests.
Students spend the same amount of time in school as on a traditional calendar.
Students spend the semester studying in Cairo, Egypt.
Students spend the seventh semester in an internship, which is a program requirement.
Students spend the spring semester with their sponsoring firms.
Students spend the third and fourth clinical years either in New Brunswick or Camden .
Students spend the third week sightseeing in Paris.
Students spend the third year at an approved North American university or college.
Students spend the third year of the course in supervised work experience placement.
Students spend the third year of the course studying at an overseas university.
Students spend the time in intensive study at selected delivery sites.
Students spend the week immersed in marine research, both in the field and in the lab.
Students spend the week studying, researching, and discussing critical issues.
Students spend the weekend in local homes.
Students spend the winter developing an educational, entertaining, and exciting children's show.
Students spend the year raising funds for the endowment and then decide whom to support.
Students spend their days in the classroom, and their nights doing homework and studying for exams.
Students spend their entire senior year in the program.
Students spend their first program year in Israel.
Students spend their first two years, the pre-clinical phase, in Kansas City.
Students spend their first two years, the preclinical phase, in Kansas City.
Students spend their first year gaining a solid background in math and engineering sciences.
Students spend their first year in classes and practical workshops.
Students spend their first year in the law program.
Students spend their first year in the program taking Latin American studies courses.
Students spend their first year taking academic courses before they begin their field experience.
Students spend their fourth and fifth years abroad.
Students spend their Religion class time serving the needs of others in the wider community.
Students spend their second year at a university in an Arabic-speaking country.
Students spend their senior year preparing and producing their senior projects.
Students spend their third year studying in a French or German university.
Students spend their time dragging buttons rather than thinking about building an application.
Students spend their time in a simulated third world village located in sub tropical Florida.
Students spend their time in lectures and lab exercises.
Students spend three afternoons a week working individually in the laboratory with the mentor.
Students spend three and a half hours per day in the classroom four days per week.
Students spend three days a week in a social service agency.
Students spend three days a week in their assigned classroom.
Students spend three days per week in dental office internships.
Students spend three half-days per week in placement.
Students spend three hours a day at a work site.
Students spend three to four hours in preparation for every hour of class.
Students spend three to four periods a day in their specialty.
Students spend three years at Spring Hill fulfilling the individual program requirements.
Students spend time daily in language class during the five or six week study trip.
Students spend time discussing the poet's craft, assigned readings, and other students' writing.
Students spend time discussing university programs and services.
Students spend time explaining, questioning, discussing mathematics with one another.
Students spend time in both classroom and lab settings.
Students spend time in both private practice and residency clinical sites.
Students spend time in class and lab completing assignments and exercises.
Students spend time in delivery room, surgery, and clinic, and have a specific preceptor assigned.
Students spend time in independent research.
Students spend time in the classroom and in clinics.
Students spend time in the classroom wrestling with big ideas about the future of work and strategy.
Students spend time in the workplace as an extension of the classroom.
Students spend time learning how to draw plans and designing their own house.
Students spend time observing and talking with a professional in an area of interest.
Students spend time on self-selected writing activities.
Students spend time preparing as a group and individually both during the school day and evenings.
Students spend time thinking critically using remote sensing.
Students spend time with mentors, work on community service projects and visit local workplaces.
Students spend time working in groups, reading in pairs, and reading individually.
Students spend time working in industry under academic supervision to obtain practical experience.
Students spend time working on creating an ad.
Students spend too much time with details and loose sight of the more important issues.
Students spend twenty hours per week in direct instruction.
Students spend two days a week in New York City, accompanied by the program's faculty director.
Students spend two days a week participating in the preschool.
Students spend two full days a week in a primary classroom carrying out a range of responsibilities.
Students spend two full days weekly in practicum sites.
Students spend two hours each day focusing on grade level math and commnication skills.
Students spend two hours each week participating in exercise programs.
Students spend two hours in classroom instruction before going to the driving course.
Students spend two hours once a week with their adult volunteer.
Students spend two months in the desert of Nevada implementing methods learned in the classroom.
Students spend two or three days in local villages or different ecological zones.
Students spend two periods at sea aboard U.S. cargo vessels as part of their training.
Students spend two semesters abroad, one semester in each of the two host partner countries.
Students spend two semesters in the classroom and work as interns during the summer.
Students spend two to three hours in preparation for one hour of class time.
Students spend two to three hours studying for each hour the class is scheduled to meet.
Students spend up to fifteen hours per week in a local community organization or business.
Students spend weekdays working in their research laboratories.
Students spend work terms at an employer site.
Students spending the year in Paris move into their lodgings immediately upon arrival.
Students spin and the player with the highest number plays first.
Students spin the spinner and then count the appropriate number of objects into the container.
Students splash down nearby rivers on innertubes and in rafting expeditions.
Students sponsor a school-wide blood drive.
Students sponsor assemblies and various awarness projects throughout the year.
Students sponsor open house for new home they built.
Students sponsored by a faculty member can also obtain a research computing account.
Students spot each other and fall into each others arms.
Students spray mulch, clear litter, cut lumber, and compost.
Students spray paint their sculptures.
Students spread out and give themselves plenty of room.
Students spread their towels on the floor and arrange their items.
Students squat down in circle when they have had their turn.
Students squeeze the bottle to make the eye dropper sink.
Students squeeze their neighbor's hand to signal the end players to pick up the rope in the middle.
Students stage armed takeover of military academy to keep it from being destroyed.
Students stage many theatre, dance and musical productions each year.
Students stage their own productions with complete artistic freedom.
Students stake out a new community.
Students stake out study space in the back rooms, where many a seminar has been conducted.
Students stand a better chance of receiving a course by waitlisting as many sections as possible.
Students stand a much better chance of finding a lost or misplaced article if their name is marked.
Students stand and form a circle facing clockwise.
Students stand and say the Pledge of Allegiance.
Students stand and tell the teacher what they have learned during the week.
Students stand around a sheet, holding it with both hands.
Students stand at a designated line and use the inside of the foot kick to score a goal.
Students stand at the back of many classrooms.
Students stand at the ready outside the port of the firefighter trainer.
Students stand behind a starting line to make their first throw.
Students stand behind the letter that begins their first or last name, and then form groups.
Students stand beside their desks-each row comprises a team.
Students stand in a circle and each person says their name.
Students stand in a circle and work together to pass an imaginary ball to each other.
Students stand in a ring, facing outward in the defensive stance.
Students stand in circle close together with one student in the center.
Students stand in circle.
Students stand in line for the oversized armchairs.
Students stand in semicircle in preparation for simulating sounds of a thunderstorm.
Students stand in the flour and then on the paper to record their own tracks.
Students stand on the number that represents their birth month, then group.
Students stand on their home bases and imagine that it is the center of a large clock.
Students stand or sit in a row and read their lines in the script.
Students stand to benefit in the area of continuing education as well.
Students stand up against drinking and driving.
Students stand up and each find someone to ask their question to.
Students stand when called upon to recite in class.
Students stand, lean on the walls or sit on the dirty floor in frustration.
Students standardize solutions using a primary standard.
Students standing assignment is to read appropriate chapter prior to class lecture and discussion.
Students staring at computer monitors are functionally deaf.
Students start a lifetime of awareness and community involvement when they read a newspaper.
Students start a pre-lesson about two weeks before the project actually starts.
Students start a school water conservation program.
Students start and direct the groups on campus.
Students start at a descriptive level.
Students start at the far left and top and work their way across the graph paper.
Students start at the very beginning of photography by learning the parts of a camera.
Students start basic design of their pages.
Students start behind opposite line.
Students start by acquiring outdoor skills, which they refine through personal endeavors.
Students start by drawing and labeling three living things in the garden.
Students start by drawing bone structure, muscles, and skin tissue.
Students start by examining their own lunchboxes for unnecessary packaging and waste.
Students start by learning about the origins of the modern Olympic Games.
Students start by learning the individual tools and then in combination.
Students start by reading familiar material.
Students start by reviewing the basic components that make up a computer.
Students start by selecting a note they want to add to the chart.
Students start by studying the human body.
Students start calling out questions.
Students start coming to camp at a very early age.
Students start conversing, reading and writing in Arabic.
Students start coursework in the fall.
Students start developing good attitudes and safe practices around the water.
Students start discovering the literary as well as the spiritual qualities of texts.
Students start each class with a timed run, stretching and exercise.
Students start each morning in the cafeteria with a prayer guided by the principal.
Students start early, and charge often.
Students start from a draft of a story or a seed of a novel and submit writing on a regular basis.
Students start from a new beginning here.
Students start from the beginning and learn the basics about how computers work.
Students start full band experiences during the first week of instruction.
Students start gay studies program.
Students start here .
Students start here as young as three years old.
Students start in the fall and register for nine semesters, including three summers.
Students start in waist-deep water.
Students start independent research projects in the third year.
Students start learning English as early as nine years of age in special extended programs .
Students start learning quantitative analysis through applications in mechanics and surveying .
Students start learning to use full racing techniques.
Students start linking what they already know with a variety of new information sources.
Students start looking for internships before classes start and immediately after classes begin.
Students start moving off-campus as early as their sophomore year.
Students start new term among construction projects.
Students start off on page one, where they select a backdrop from a number of cartoon scenes.
Students start off with ten leaves which they staples to their branch.
Students start on either side of the basket in a line by the key.
Students start on manual drafting and then switch back and forth to the computer.
Students start on opposite sides of the gym.
Students start on the older equipment and move to the newer as they increase their experience.
Students start out as white belts, and work their way up through the ranks to become black belts.
Students start out in the dining room and move into the kitchen in their junior and senior years.
Students start out in the welcome center , and then move on to explore more significant areas.
Students start out more savvy about the importance of the Internet.
Students start out with a perfect grade at the beginning of the year.
Students start out with no Internet access and no way of communicating with eachother.
Students start out with the heuristic reasoning strategy.
Students start out with the very basics - how to handle knives and tools properly.
Students start practicing for the meet during gym class about a month before it starts.
Students start presenting in the first week.
Students start pulling apart the soaking wet paper making tiny pieces.
Students start school at six years old and have to attend school for nine years.
Students start scrolling and counting.
Students start searching the Internet sites, books, magazines and videos.
Students start seeing each other as different.
Students start speaking French the first lesson.
Students start studying right away.
Students start taking business courses during their junior year.
Students start the day with journal writing.
Students start the exercises in the laboratory and spend the rest of the week completing it.
Students start the game by differentiating between high and low.
Students start the program in ninth grade.
Students start the week by filling in a sheet stating where they currently are.
Students start their dissection of the fetal pig integrating microscopic and gross anatomy.
Students start their dissertation research in the third year along with finishing coursework.
Students start their internships in the fall or spring semester.
Students start their major classes the first semester they arrive on campus.
Students start their pre-clinical training in Manchester.
Students start their studies at the beginning of any month, subject to course availability.
Students start their studies in first session.
Students start to drift out of the school, wandering through the cars.
Students start to learn easy things and gradually more difficult content is added.
Students start to see that misbehavior involves negative consequences.
Students start to sort responses into pro and con categories.
Students start using cameras within the first few weeks of the program.
Students start watching the weather at night or before school to help with their predictions.
Students start with a dry land session followed by a series of on water sessions.
Students start with a home group.
Students start with a long piece of string.
Students start with a rectangular sheet of paper that represents a cake.
Students start with assessments of their interests, abilities, and job values.
Students start with lots of energy.
Students start with prefolio workbooks to identify their top career interests and abilities.
Students start with simple poses and move on to more complex ones.
Students start with the basics of computer operation.
Students start with the Internet to whittle down their choices.
Students start with the pawn and go through each piece in the same fashion.
Students start with unordered data, typing both quantitative and qualitative data into any cell.
Students start with what they already know and build their knowledge from there.
Students state a definition according to essential attributes.
Students state a definition according to the essential attributes.
Students state an answer and explain their computation strategy.
Students state some of the things that they found interesting from the previous lesson.
Students state that their motivation to help others comes from a variety of sources.
Students state that they often receive contradictory information from advisors.
Students state their theory or solution to the problem.
Students stay a minimum of one semester.
Students stay after school each week to work with computers.
Students stay after school one day a week and work on group and individual projects.
Students stay at a biological station complete with classroom, dormitory, and dining facilities.
Students stay at bat while solving addition, subtraction, multiplication and division problems.
Students stay at charming residence halls.
Students stay at deluxe downtown Denver hotels.
Students stay at modern campgrounds and cook in groups.
Students stay at no extra cost with their families over weekends before and between study weeks.
Students stay awake in class.
Students stay current with local, national health care issues.
Students stay enrolled when they're happy and successful.
Students stay focused and there is wonderful carry over from day to day.
Students stay for several weeks, maybe several months.
Students stay home, working and waiting.
Students stay in a central London hotel, keep a journal and discuss their experiences.
Students stay in a dormitory and all meals are provided.
Students stay in a dormitory and take their meals there.
Students stay in a university residence hall and eat in the newest dining hall on campus.
Students stay in a university-style dormitory.
Students stay in air conditioned dorms and all meals are served in the adjacent dining hall.
Students stay in air conditioned dorms and all meals are served in the area dining hall.
Students stay in backcountry huts and work together in small groups during the field sessions.
Students stay in cabins on a hillside with an ocean view, four students to a cabin.
Students stay in classrooms while teachers travel between classes.
Students stay in college dorms, hotels or inns.
Students stay in college dorms, hotels, inns and homestays.
Students stay in college dorms, youth hostels, hotels and inns.
Students stay in dorm rooms in the barn itself.
Students stay in dormitories and eat in the school's cafeterias.
Students stay in double or triple rooms.
Students stay in double rooms with private bathroom, air-conditioning and phone.
Students stay in double rooms.
Students stay in facilities provided at the lake.
Students stay in four-person cabins and three sumptuous meals are served daily.
Students stay in four-person rooms with private bathrooms and hot showers.
Students stay in four-person rooms with private baths and hot showers.
Students stay in group housing in conveniently located furnished rooms with kitchen facilities.
Students stay in homes in the community but prepare their own meals at a community center.
Students stay in homestays and participate in weekend excursions to cultural and historical sites.
Students stay in hotels and hostels.
Students stay in Italian homestays with five dinners and seven breakfasts provided.
Students stay in local homes and have access to all college facilities and activities.
Students stay in London for a five day guided tour.
Students stay in on-campus residence halls.
Students stay in one or two bedroom apartments and prepare their own meals.
Students stay in private homes part of the time and spend six weeks in Paris.
Students stay in rented rooms in Mexican households.
Students stay in residence halls and engage in a wide variety of academic and social activities.
Students stay in school and complete their education, and find more satisfaction in their studies.
Students stay in school, are more motivated and achieve at higher levels.
Students stay in selected hotels, apartment buildings or in host family accommodations.
Students stay in shared rooms in on-campus guest houses or in a nearby hotel facility.
Students stay in shelters in sleeping bags.
Students stay in tents.
Students stay in the dorms on campus and attend classes each day.
Students stay in the program for three years, first through third grades.
Students stay in the same atrium from fifth to sixth grade.
Students stay in the same classroom all day with one teacher.
Students stay in the same teams throughout their primary education, often seeing the same teachers.
Students stay in the Southwest Residential Area and all meals are served in the area dining hall.
Students stay in their area and talk quietly to their own partner only.
Students stay in their respective wings for their academic.
Students stay in their teacher's home and receive their own custom made English course.
Students stay in touch with their cohort group and instructors by email.
Students stay in university halls of residence on campus.
Students stay Mexican style rooms.
Students stay motivated through realia, music, and engaging language activities.
Students stay on campus for six action packed weeks during the summer each year.
Students stay on campus on weekends.
Students stay on task because they are so interested.
Students stay on the plans until they can demonstrate they're reading at grade level.
Students stay on the topic fairly well, though their utterances are short and disjointed.
Students stay on-site and wonderful home cooked meals are enjoyed throughout the weekend.
Students stay organized and save time.
Students stay overnight in small cabins, with parents as chaperones.
Students stay the same age.
Students stay together for the duration of their studies.
Students stay together for the entire time they are enrolled.
Students stay uninvolved, inactive and uninterested in the sordid affair of student government.
Students stay with a family.
Students stay with a host family and make site visits to various companies and organizations.
Students stay with a host family associated with the school.
Students stay with Australian families.
Students stay with Austrian host families.
Students stay with carefully selected English speaking families.
Students stay with carefully selected host families who gladly share their French hospitality.
Students stay with carefully selected host families, often with another student.
Students stay with English host families who provide full board.
Students stay with families and study at the university.
Students stay with host families and take courses in a variety of subjects.
Students stay with host families connected with the sister city program.
Students stay with host families or in study bedrooms with self catering facilities.
Students stay with host-families or in our residence hall.
Students stay with Japanese families.
Students stay with Mexican families.
Students stay with teacher at assigned area.
Students stay with the families of their host student.
Students stay with the same classmates throughout the program, taking one course at a time.
Students stay with the same group and leader over the length of the program.
Students stay with the same teacher for more than one year.
Students stay with the same teacher for two years.
Students stay with the same teachers several periods a day.
Students stay with their group throughout the entire program.
Students stay with their pod through the special rotations, but the teams are mixed together.
Students stay with their teacher and classmates in small sections for the entire sequence.
Students stay within the boundaries defined by teacher and stay with their buddy.
Students staying at school for lunch eat in their classrooms and are supervised by our lunch aides.
Students staying beyond the deadline without approval are liable for improper check-out charges.
Students staying for less than four weeks pay a weekly rate which is slightly higher.
Students staying for the full day bring a cold lunch.
Students staying in apartments usually have to arrange food by themselves.
Students staying in town over the summer are also able to purchase summer memberships.
Students step inside a voting booth.
Students step into the new century with their own address on the internet to publish their writing.
Students still attend weekly lectures and read textbooks.
Students still begin searching with our in-house print resources.
Students still can change their classes if they fail or for a legitimate reason.
Students still can gather in groups or individually to worship without hindrance.
Students still can get one of the best weather forecasts in the country.
Students still check out the bulletin boards for notices and announcements.
Students still commemorate the anniversary of the massacre every year with demonstrations.
Students still complete their degrees in individual departments and committees.
Students still face holes and shortfalls in the undergraduate curriculum.
Students still feel they are being misled by the phone company.
Students still feel they face many problems in their educational transition to local universities.
Students still find it difficult to turn in their fellow classmates.
Students still gather on the first floor to play basketball.
Students still get the general education background to complete a bachelor's degree.
Students still graduate with their high school class.
Students still have a good time because of the atmosphere of having visitors on campus.
Students still have many opportunities to learn to read for information and pleasure.
Students still have plenty of time to obtain summer employment.
Students still have problems with the notion of precision, round-off, and floating point numbers.
Students still have time to have a social life.
Students still have time to improve grades and gain the needed skills for the next grade.
Students still have time to speak out against the proposal before it reaches a final decision.
Students still have to have parental permission.
Students still have to learn the basic content of technical knowledge.
Students still have to learn the material, but they can perform calculations much more quickly now.
Students still have to understand the math.
Students still learn their multiplication tables and how to do long division on paper.
Students still look for outlets to relieve the stresses of college life.
Students still paint it.
Students still participate in the morning exercise program daily.
Students still receive instruction in a very wide range of subjects.
Students still seem to find it hard to get the equations right.
Students still stop for a respite on the bench below the tree's great limbs.
Students still struggle to go through school, often times with rushed syllabuses.
Students still study graphics, layout, editing, proofreading, and photographic manage- ment.
Students still sustain problems with the card catalog regardless of the format.
Students still take elective classes with students from regular sections.
Students still take most courses throughout the year, but in longer blocks on alternating days.
Students still talk with teaching assistants in small groups in additional to going online.
Students still wait later in the semester to drop.
Students stop and look at cards.
Students stop at the faculty table to sign in and speak with a member of the evening duty team.
Students stop by the cafe for healthy after school snacks.
Students stop by the room just to check it out.
Students stop by to check their exam results from the previous week.
Students stop by to reaffirm appointments.
Students stop discussing.
Students stop thinking once they believe they have the right answer.
Students stop worrying.
Students stop, look and listen when they hear the sound.
Students store at their own risk.
Students storyboard the main ideas from their selected story.
Students strategize for the Student Quiz Bowl.
Students stream in and out of elevators.
Students strengthen communication skills and gain confidence in their abilities.
Students strengthen listening and speaking skills through class discussion and drills.
Students strengthen observation, communication, data collection, and interpretation skills.
Students strengthen skills in plants and earth science.
Students strengthen skills in reading and writing as well as in listening and speaking.
Students strengthen skills through prewriting, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students strengthen skills through pre-writing, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students strengthen the ability to describe present, past and future events.
Students strengthen their ability to develop and conduct scientific investigations.
Students strengthen their ability to read and write more cohesive paragraphs.
Students strengthen their leadership skills.
Students strengthen their thinking skills in conjunction with the social studies content.
Students stress they learn as much about themselves as about relationships.
Students stretch plastic wrap over a soup can and sprinkle it with salt.
Students stretch their boundaries and learn new skills.
Students stretch their imagination by writing a futuristic play depicting a form of persecution.
Students strike a pose in front of their generously filled silhouette collages.
Students strike a pose next to bleary-eyed commuters.
Students strike out on their own and explore a topic of their choosing in depth.
Students strip for cause .
Students strive for academic excellence under the leadership and guidance of an outstanding faculty.
Students strive for academic success and develop an excitement for learning.
Students strive for deep understanding and work for high standards.
Students strive for success in academics and dedicate themselves to achievement.
Students strive to be outstanding citizens, both academically and socially.
Students strive to improve each month.
Students strive to increase speed and decrease errors.
Students strive to increase the horizontal distance covered each time.
Students strive to please teachers who compliment their progress.
Students strive to reach a goal that they, with the help of their teachers, have set.
Students strive to reach their goals for intrinsic reasons.
Students strive to understand and elaborate upon the viewpoints of their partners.
Students strive toward being independent learners who want to do their best.
Students striving to be student of the week increases the overall performance of the class.
Students stroll on the street in serious discussion, or poking fun at one other.
Students stroll through the walkways, relax in the gazebo and sit under trees to read.
Students strongly advise starting the group project early to avoid much of the time problems.
Students strongly identify with the school community.
Students structure factual materials by writing in a clear and concise manner using technical terms.
Students structure the problem.
Students structure their own learning, using the story of the case as a focus.
Students struggle at times, attempting to apply the tools.
Students struggle to bridge the gap between adolescence and adulthood.
Students struggle to find available and legal parking.
Students struggle to handle it.
Students struggle unsuccessfully with a reading text even with assistance.
Students struggle with the problem.
Students struggling in classes from history to biology can meet with peer tutors for help.
Students struggling with mental health issues can also feel isolated.
Students strut their stuff by creating a marketing campaign for a major publication.
Students studies various menus and prepare samples.
Students study a broad core program of general education subjects essential for all teachers.
Students study a classical liberal arts curriculum using modern technology.
Students study a contemporary issue and write papers on that issue.
Students study a core curriculum at their own pace.
Students study a core of subjects with a choice of options.
Students study a liberal arts curriculum that incorporates dental prerequisite courses.
Students study a mixture of grammar and conversation.
Students study a mutually acceptable topic related to the field of English.
Students study a novel, a modern drama and several short stories, poems, essay, and articles.
Students study a number of modules during each semester and accumulate credits towards their award.
Students study a particular geological area through lab exercises.
Students study a particular subject or research topic in depth.
Students study a problem or issue related to a specific professional setting.
Students study a program that simulates disk scheduling algorithms and answer questions about it.
Students study a series of topics drawn from the American experience.
Students study a sign language chart and pick out three words that they learn to sign.
Students study a subject that is related to the volunteer work.
Students study a topic in music.
Students study a topic such as animals.
Students study a unit focusing on careers in music industry as well as music education.
Students study a variety of contemporary painting styles and review the works of painting masters.
Students study a variety of digital circuits using analysis techniques including sequential mapping.
Students study a variety of genres including sagas, the novel, the short story, and lyric poetry.
Students study a variety of hand-building techniques, glazing, and methods of firing.
Students study a variety of primary documents, videotapes, and audio recordings.
Students study a variety of spiritual approaches to teaching, learning, and human development.
Students study a variety of subjects ranging from civil engineering to microbiology.
Students study a variety of topics related to numbers, geometry and measurement.
Students study about different ancient civilizations of the world and their cultures.
Students study abroad for a period of a year, a semester, or a summer.
Students study abroad for many different reasons.
Students study abroad from freshman through senior years, as well as in graduate school.
Students study according to the grades they wish to receive.
Students study acting techniques, stage devices, set design, costuming, and make-up.
Students study actual cases and get involved in seeking solutions to seemingly ambiguous situations.
Students study actual cases from ancient times.
Students study advance information for the extensive group travels throughout China.
Students study advanced mathematics, calculus, chemistry and physics among the core courses.
Students study advanced mathematics, calculus, physics and chemistry among the core courses.
Students study advanced topics in mathematics under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students study advertising campaigns, do copy writing and layout.
Students study all modules.
Students study all phases of the child-bearing family and age specific pediatric problems.
Students study alongside American students and live in a residence hall.
Students study alternative leadership styles and strategies.
Students study American literature through the various regions of the country.
Students study ancient building methods and use common materials to create model structures.
Students study and analyze census data taken from their local historical museums.
Students study and analyze text and the rehearsal process in preparation for performance.
Students study and apply procedures for importing, exporting, linking, embedding and merging.
Students study and apply rules of standard English grammar and usage.
Students study and can work in all the visual arts, music, and theatre.
Students study and compare history and culture between Japan and the rest of the world.
Students study and discuss problems and issues relating to school and community health.
Students study and discuss related classical and modern philosophical writings.
Students study and discuss the many exceptions to the First Amendment.
Students study and experience ways to make conflict a creative rather than a destructive experience.
Students study and explore issues in educational administration.
Students study and gain skills in relations with young children, parents, and coworkers.
Students study and learn in a health care enriched environment.
Students study and learn the operation of the school's lighting system.
Students study and learn with a mentor at a local school rather than leave home to go to college.
Students study and observe the function of selected community service agencies.
Students study and obtain an understanding of the pathophysiology of liver disease.
Students study and operate in a setting that reflects today's e-business world.
Students study and perform a board spectrum of literature encompassing all styles.
Students study and perform a wide variety of music literature.
Students study and perform in numerous groups over the course of the semester.
Students study and perform music of greater difficulty written for chamber orchestra.
Students study and perform orchestral repertoire from the eighteenth century to the present.
Students study and perform standard literature written or transcribed for concert band.
Students study and practice basic grammatical structures in both oral and written English.
Students study and practice developing and utilizing the voice in solo and ensemble applications.
Students study and practice English through reading, writing, listening, and speaking.
Students study and practice the basic techniques used in the service provision process.
Students study and practice trial procedures.
Students study and rehearse solo and small ensemble literature for their instruments.
Students study and relax surrounded by excellent prints of past and contemporary art.
Students study and report on the scientific and cultural aspects.
Students study and then apply the premises of self-critical evaluation.
Students study and use basic art and drafting tools, including the airbrush.
Students study and use common construction tools, machines, materials, and processes.
Students study and use various design strategies.
Students study and work in close proximity with professional singers and conductors.
Students study and work in well-equipped undergraduate laboratories.
Students study and work on self portraits, then write a descriptive passage to describe their face.
Students study animals.
Students study any differences between the teacher's assessment and their own.
Students study appropriate organizational patterns and methods of support.
Students study art daily for one semester each year.
Students study art forms suitable for worship, including formal and informal theatre.
Students study art history, aesthetics, and criticism from a chronological perspective.
Students study art history, learn to talk about art, and create art.
Students study art history, vocabulary, drawing perspectives, etc.
Students study art made and used around the world.
Students study art through the major historical periods in Western Civilization.
Students study article-writing opportunities for magazines and newspapers.
Students study aspects.
Students study at accredited colleges in their host country.
Students study at home at their own pace, using specially prepared instructional materials.
Students study at home in a distance format.
Students study at home, but interact with other members of the class via the Web.
Students study at the direction of the local hosts, with opportunity to spend time in schools.
Students study at the school from two weeks up to a year or more.
Students study at their homes.
Students study at their own pace to complete work assigned and to build their vocabulary.
Students study at their own pace, on their own time.
Students study at their own pace.
Students study at their own speed, in their own time and at the most convenient location.
Students study atomic structure and isotopes, periodicity and chemical equations.
Students study basic and advanced topics in educational research and statistics.
Students study basic and applied sciences including anatomy, psychology and sociology.
Students study basic concepts of social and organizational communication.
Students study basic management subjects and their application to sports administration.
Students study basic principles of leadership, motivational theory, and current and future trends.
Students study basic science and the science of exercise-theory and practice.
Students study basic theories of persuasion and public speaking.
Students study behavioral concepts, motivation, and the role of consumer behavior in our society.
Students study behavioral, cognitive, and situated perspectives on learning.
Students study behaviors that increase an individual's risk of morbidity and mortality.
Students study biblical and theological subjects in connection with general knowledge subjects.
Students study biblical sources for marriage, sacramentality, fidelity and mutuality.
Students study birds.
Students study both a common core research literature and topics of individual interest.
Students study both antique and current textiles arts.
Students study both block and cursive scripts.
Students study both business and liberal arts subjects.
Students study both leadership theory and group behavior.
Students study both the discipline of biology and the techniques of science education.
Students study both theoretical and practical issues related to recreation and leisure.
Students study British political institutions and current issues.
Students study business in motion, with all the variables operating at once.
Students study business law, management principles, communications, and supervisory techniques.
Students study campus access problems for the disabled.
Students study chemical reaction.
Students study child development including social, emotional, physical and cognitive growth.
Students study China within the regular subjects and through special field experience.
Students study classical Buddhist philosophy, ethics, and meditation.
Students study classical menus emphasizing decorative foods.
Students study common manufacturing tools, machines, materials, and processes in the laboratory.
Students study common types of file organization methods.
Students study communication, mathematics, science and computers.
Students study computer science as well as business, economics, and psychology.
Students study computer software and hardware systems for efficient solution of practical problems.
Students study computing, mathematics, psychology and neuroscience in first year.
Students study concepts and formats used in the design and production of publications.
Students study concepts of geometry.
Students study conflict resolution and are required to resolve conflicts in classroom group work.
Students study conservation through community-action projects and directed research.
Students study contemporary American culture by examining the American democratic process.
Students study contemporary national and international social structures and problems.
Students study content areas in thematic units.
Students study content in depth and pursue topics of interest.
Students study conversational Sinhala, the local language, and participate in a field study project.
Students study corporate tax, partnership tax, and other tax-related topics at an advanced level.
Students study course material whenever they wish during the duration of the class.
Students study course topics decided by the seminar as well as a topic of their own choosing.
Students study courses or programs on campus.
Students study crickets as an example of consumers.
Students study current educational practices in instructional technology in secondary schools.
Students study current events to track changing conditions and public policy.
Students study current research in composition and creative writing as processes.
Students study current research methodologies and design in physical education.
Students study current theory and practice as well as historical approaches to performance problems.
Students study current trends and analyze local retail displays.
Students study curricula.
Students study daily living and functional skills in classroom and community settings.
Students study dance in our two beautiful dance studios.
Students study data, equations, linear and quadratic functions, and radicals.
Students study design from historical and contemporary perspectives.
Students study details.
Students study development.
Students study diesel engines, drivetrains, electrical systems, and hydraulics.
Students study differences in writing for morning and afternoon papers.
Students study different types of train engines and analyze differences in energy efficiency.
Students study differentiation, integration, and other calculus topics.
Students study differently than they have in the past.
Students study diffraction patterns.
Students study digital circuit devices and systems.
Students study direct and indirect methods used in the assessment of nutrition status.
Students study directing techniques and select, cast, direct, and present scenes and short plays.
Students study disease processes and how humans are affected.
Students study disease processes, and how humans are affected.
Students study DNA and mutations to illustrate the underlying basis for natural selection.
Students study drafting, model making, rendering and the basics of script analysis.
Students study dramatic roles and prepare speeches and scenes from plays.
Students study drug therapy.
Students study each case for a week with the guidance of a faculty tutor.
Students study each major topic in the context of a substantial programming project.
Students study early childhood philosophy and examine models of programs.
Students study earth systems science through laboratory experimentation and field work.
Students study earthquakes and assemble earthquake preparedness kits.
Students study ecology in the woods, at a swamp marsh, and by the Potomac River.
Students study economic systems and economics decision-making.
Students study eggs and sperm under their microscopes, using the gametes collected by the teacher.
Students study eight modules per year.
Students study eight taught study units and then undertake a four-unit project.
Students study electrical, hydraulic, pneumatic and robotic systems.
Students study electricity, magnetism, light, introduction to atomic structure.
Students study electromagnetic fields.
Students study elementary logic and basic set theory with rigorous definitions and proofs.
Students study energy.
Students study English grammar and apply it to their daily needs for English.
Students study English in a sheltered class and all core subjects in their first language.
Students study English intensively for the entire day.
Students study English literature in the tenth grade, and American literature in the eleventh grade.
Students study equine business.
Students study equine health, physiology, nutrition, business and training.
Students study ethics, legal issues, grief and bereavement and advocacy for patients.
Students study everything from automotive repair, to welding, to business skills.
Students study examples of public relations campaigns and design their own.
Students study exponential growth and decay through tables, graphs, and equations.
Students study facility layout necessary to complete technology plan.
Students study family relationships.
Students study ferns to see the ways in which they are different from the flowering plants.
Students study fields.
Students study file and memory management, configuration and troubleshooting.
Students study films, modern novels, plays and short stories.
Students study fire prevention and education programs and conduct presentations.
Students study flower structure, gamete formation and fertilization.
Students study for a higher degree by research under the supervision of a tutor.
Students study for as many weeks as they wish.
Students study for positions with both profit and non-profit organizations.
Students study for three years before confirming.
Students study forces.
Students study forest fire through hands-on course .
Students study forest, stream and cave ecosystems while in residence at the center.
Students study four statistical methods for selecting the best fitting model for the data.
Students study four to five hours daily for ten or fifteen weeks.
Students study French history and culture through historical narratives and cultural readings.
Students study French language and culture while residing in dormitories on campus.
Students study from a specific list of words and compete by writing ten words.
Students study from booklets on American history from diverse ethnic points of view.
Students study from textbooks and take computer-graded exams on each chapter.
Students study from their own home and access learning via internet and e-mail.
Students study functioning of financial markets and pricing of financial assets.
Students study fundamental concepts of algebra.
Students study fundamental words, phrases and expressions, and are introduced to basic grammar .
Students study fundamental words, phrases and expressions, and are introduced to basic grammar.
Students study gear drives, belts, couplings, and clutches.
Students study general management concepts and frameworks.
Students study genetic crosses and the mechanisms of inheritance.
Students study genetics by mating a fictitious species of dragons.
Students study geography, regions, people, symbols, and culture of North Carolina.
Students study German for many different reasons.
Students study globe and map skills.
Students study grammar to enhance writing skills.
Students study grammatical structures, verb tenses and vocabulary.
Students study graphic design and explore the nature of today's professional environment.
Students study growth of single cells to baby chicks.
Students study hard, worship and pray together, and have many memorable and fun times.
Students study health care information systems and operations research techniques.
Students study here for three years.
Students study Horatian odes and the works of Catullus.
Students study how a variety of living things develop and change as they grow older.
Students study how buildings reveal the story of people's needs, culture, and values.
Students study how construction contractors manage cost, time, scope, and quality.
Students study how end user applications are managed and contribute to business.
Students study how sound is produced as a result of vibrations.
Students study how to use the Internet as a source of information in business-related applications.
Students study how to use the Internet in business-related applications including Internet mapping.
Students study images found in popular films.
Students study images which rely on texture for their visual impact.
Students study important works of architecture, painting and sculpture of each period.
Students study in a civilian environment, and live in dormitories on campus.
Students study in a friendly, supportive atmosphere.
Students study in a lot of classes, such as grammar.
Students study in a multicultural classroom with classmates from around the world.
Students study in a professional studio environment.
Students study in an English-speaking environment while being exposed to the Chinese culture.
Students study in an environment which blends teaching, research, and extension activities.
Students study in an exciting but hard working environment.
Students study in Angers and live with French families.
Students study in brand new superbly equipped laboratories.
Students study in classes of no more than five students for four hours a day, five days a week.
Students study in classes where enrollment is limited for all four years.
Students study in classes, private and semi-private lessons, workshops and master classes.
Students study in Colima and live with Mexican families.
Students study in different ways.
Students study in greater depth.
Students study in majors including ministry, arts, sciences and teacher education.
Students study in outdoor classrooms and laboratories.
Students study in portable classrooms.
Students study in primary and secondary design areas according to their interests and career goals.
Students study in small classes within the context of an outstanding fine arts university.
Students study in the lab for two or more hours per week.
Students study in the traditional British tutorial system and travel abroad during breaks.
Students study in their own communities through distance learning.
Students study independently and come to campus for instructor consultation and exams.
Students study independently and visit the campus for instructor consultation and exams.
Students study individual symphonic compositions from both historical and analytical viewpoints.
Students study individual topics and present representative papers to the rest of the class.
Students study insect behavior and interactions that involve insects and the environment.
Students study insects to learn important concepts of human growth and well-being.
Students study instrumental, vocal, and electronic writing techniques.
Students study instrumentation for engine analysis, performance monitoring.
Students study intensive French and engage in an independent project of their choice.
Students study intensively at an off-campus site of their choice for part of the course.
Students study interaction.
Students study intermediate level compositions.
Students study Italian at any level, in a special institute for foreign students.
Students study Japanese language and civilization, social sciences and business.
Students study Japanese language and civilization.
Students study Jewish history through learning about Jewish heroes.
Students study journalism ethics in the context of broader cultural and ethical values.
Students study just one subject, with great intensity.
Students study Latin grammar, vocabulary, and morphology.
Students study law for minors , families and consumers.
Students study lawyers and their participation in the criminal court arenas.
Students study layout and design and have practical assignments applying what they learn.
Students study legal constitutional principles.
Students study library research methods and complete an independent research project.
Students study life in the ocean.
Students study life, earth, and physical science in all three-grade levels each year.
Students study limb development.
Students study listening skills and listen to lectures and classroom performances.
Students study listening skills and listen to lectures and speaking performances.
Students study literary techniques, themes, and vocabulary in a formal manner.
Students study literature and history in an integrated context.
Students study literature interwoven with technical reading and writing.
Students study literature reviews that explore trends in multicultural theory.
Students study litigation planning, pleadings, discovery, motion practice, and related elements.
Students study living Native American traditions of their own state.
Students study logic, ethics, aesthetics, politics, and metaphysics.
Students study maintaining, calibrating and repairing equipment in the operating room.
Students study major concepts and ideas central to political and social philosophy.
Students study major contemporary theorists and their models.
Students study mammals.
Students study manage their time according to the grades they wish to receive.
Students study many different cultures.
Students study many literary terms and vocabulary words.
Students study maps for a discussion of their local and state river systems.
Students study marketing issues, strategies, plans, and implementation in a competitive environment.
Students study math at the level appropriate to their skills.
Students study math in school every day.
Students study mathematics and nutrition as they learn about calories and fat in their diets.
Students study mathematics and physics as well as basic engineering sciences.
Students study mathematics, science, computer science, English and foreign language.
Students study mechanics, wave motion, and heat.
Students study mechanisms of gene action as illustrated by inherited human biochemical defects.
Students study Mesopotamian civilization, archeology, literature and religious polytheism.
Students study methods of proving the similarity or congruence of triangles and other polygons.
Students study methods.
Students study microbiology, animal populations, plant life, and water flow rates and chemistry.
Students study mineral resources in the ocean and construct a solar still.
Students study modern concepts, strategies and techniques in solving organizational issues.
Students study modern Hispanic short stories to learn more of Hispanic culture.
Students study modern theories of leadership.
Students study modules in a sequential manner, but at their own pace and location.
Students study molecular models and perform the experiments as teams.
Students study money management, bank services, contracts, credit and civil justice.
Students study more difficult repertoire written for smaller wind bands.
Students study more subjects on science and mathematics than other students in other course.
Students study mosses to see the ways in which they are different from the flowering plants.
Students study music literature composed for concert band and perform concert band music.
Students study natural history and biological systems and practice field methods.
Students study of musical notation is relevant to their personal experiences and values as learners.
Students study of the art of film is connected to their personal experiences and values.
Students study of the earth and the ways people live and work on the earth.
Students study on campus in Durham and at the university's Frankfurt campus.
Students study on their own schedules using CD-ROMs.
Students study on their own time and place.
Students study on their own time, at their own pace, in a comfortable environment.
Students study one course for two, three, or four weeks.
Students study one course in each of the following categories.
Students study one course intensively during the three-week session.
Students study one each month, corresponding to the nine months of school.
Students study one of the modules detailed below.
Students study one of the special subjects and prepare a short presentation.
Students study one option unit.
Students study one semester abroad and work a summer term for academic credit.
Students study one square at a time along each transect.
Students study one subject for single honours.
Students study only one subject at a time.
Students study organizational change and group leadership models.
Students study original legal filings from the case.
Students study our state's eight regions in depth.
Students study parts of speech in elementary and middle school.
Students study parts of speech, sentence construction, punctuation, and capitalization.
Students study patterns in television programming.
Students study patterns made by the units digit in the expansion of powers of a number.
Students study patterns.
Students study performing techniques in large group settings.
Students study personal grooming and how to make the most of their personal appearance.
Students study personal writing, informative writing, persuasive writing, and promotional writing.
Students study photography, graphic design, fine arts, production pottery and art history.
Students study photosynthesis, flower reproduction, as well as exploring the various plant parts.
Students study phylogeny using examples from the animal kingdom.
Students study physiology.
Students study plant and animal cells and, later, learn about animal and plant classifications.
Students study plumbing codes, enforcement rules and regulations governing the trade.
Students study policy making though various perspectives on implementation.
Students study pond water to observe the organisms present.
Students study prenatal care, child development, and parenting skills.
Students study present and past perfect tanses and twho-word separable and inseparable verbs.
Students study prevention and intervention strategies for combatting family problems.
Students study pricing theory in-depth as it applies to marketing strategy decisions.
Students study principles of instruction and curriculum development.
Students study principles, devices and symbols used for basic industrial controls, and ladder logic.
Students study principles.
Students study problem analysis and resource allocation.
Students study problems facing culturally different children.
Students study procedural law in great depth.
Students study procedures for conducting effective behavioral interviewing and interrogation.
Students study program design using a database management system.
Students study proper vocal production, technique and development in several styles of literature.
Students study psychological fundamentals, statistical tools, and instructional technology.
Students study psychological phenomena and methods directly through various laboratory experiments.
Students study public relations taking a problem-solving approach.
Students study question writing and formulate several questions about the selected person.
Students study reaction.
Students study reading research, theory, and practice.
Students study reading, language arts, social studies, math, science, and foreign languages.
Students study research designs and their appropriateness to educational problems.
Students study research methods, procedures, and designs.
Students study research techniques, data collection, and interpretation of results in biomechanics.
Students study rhythms, key signatures, scales, intervals, and chord formation.
Students study robot manipulators and mobile robots, robot sensors, and robot cognition.
Students study robots in typical application environments.
Students study role of tour escorting in order to develop skills required of tour managers.
Students study Roman mosaics, then draw a self portrait and turn it into a mosaic.
Students study safety and environment as they apply to the early childhood ages.
Students study salts and the hydrolysis of their ions as a specialized type of acid-base system.
Students study science every day.
Students study science using a hands-on approach.
Students study scientific methods of psychology through the three years of the degree.
Students study score preparation and rehearsal techniques, with a focus on choral literature.
Students study scores, write arrangements, and have arrangements performed if at all possible.
Students study selected areas.
Students study selected material drawn from history, politics, literature, music and film.
Students study selected works of writers.
Students study selections from various genres in thematic arrangements.
Students study several processes, materials, and equipment used in semiconductor manufacturing.
Students study six taught modules and then undertake a research project.
Students study skills.
Students study social experiences and solve problems.
Students study social issues involving youth within a multicultural context.
Students study solid waste and learn to distinguish between degradable and non-degradable items.
Students study some nine texts, which are representative of the various genres.
Students study some reworked volcanic rocks.
Students study source materials and government institutions in the nation's capital.
Students study Spanish and take two courses focusing on contemporary Latin American issues.
Students study Spanish as well as many Spanish-speaking cultures.
Students study Spanish grammar as well.
Students study Spanish in the morning and then work with a Mexican corporation in the afternoon.
Students study special topics under the direction and supervision of a member of the staff.
Students study special vocabulary used to explain Japanese topics and customs.
Students study specialized pieces of software and programming languages.
Students study stage conventions, movement style, and vocal technique for each period.
Students study stage conventions, movement style, vocal technique for each period.
Students study strengths, weaknesses, and differences associated with different genotypes.
Students study subalpine ecology at the top of Schweitzer Mountain.
Students study systematic theology so they can preach with theological precision.
Students study techniques for analyzing a variety of investment opportunities.
Students study techniques of correlational analysis, the design of experiments, and general topics.
Students study techniques of rendering, sketching, model building, and drafting.
Students study techniques.
Students study ten hours per week independently, plus four hours per week in a scheduled tutorial.
Students study ten theoretical modules of which five are compulsory.
Students study the ability to establish, maintain, and nurture a positive school climate.
Students study the accounting cycle as it pertains to small business opportunities.
Students study the analysis and processing of horticultural, agronomic, and animal products.
Students study the applications of the mathematics concepts in the world of physics.
Students study the appropriate organizational patterns and methods of support.
Students study the art, music, and drama of each region of the country.
Students study the basic principles of electricity and magnetism.
Students study the basic structure, function, and behavior of living things.
Students study the basic techniques of television studio and field production.
Students study the basics of contemporary management as they apply to the insurance industry.
Students study the best of theory and contemporary scholarship applied to professional practice.
Students study the blues, learn to play songs, accompany others and achieve a good tone.
Students study the candidates and the issues, cast their ballots and eagerly await the results.
Students study the case then discuss it in class.
Students study the cases and devise solutions.
Students study the cause and effect of war on society throughout American history.
Students study the causes of poverty and theories of development.
Students study the causes, consequences, prevention, and treatment of substance abuse.
Students study the characteristics of a profession, management of risk, and first aid.
Students study the characteristics of continents, mountains, plains, and plateaus.
Students study the Chinese language or elective subjects offered in English.
Students study the common forms of business organization and business transactions.
Students study the complexities and sequential patterns of human maturation.
Students study the composition, properties, and reactions of matter.
Students study the concept of Euclidean dimension and scale.
Students study the concepts and practices of internal and external public relations.
Students study the connection between geographical location and industry.
Students study the construction of portrait and figure executed from life in clay.
Students study the court system and the criminal justice system.
Students study the courts as agencies that resolve disputes and apply and interpret the law.
Students study the culture of France and other French-speaking countries.
Students study the culture of various Hispanic countries, particularly Mexico and Spain.
Students study the customs and traditions of American culture while learning the language.
Students study the design and implementation of accounting related information systems.
Students study the design of instruments used to detect earthquakes and build a model seismograph.
Students study the development and organization of the short essay.
Students study the development of concepts of human thought from prehistoric times to the present.
Students study the development of drama in the Western World.
Students study the different types of penguins.
Students study the effect of geography on culture.
Students study the effects inspiring heroes have had on communities, past and present.
Students study the effects of muscular activity on the body.
Students study the effects of varying amounts of water on common houseplants.
Students study the eight parts of speech along with more confusing word pairs.
Students study the elections in the classroom and contribute to an online elections e-zine.
Students study the environment, ecology, and animal biology.
Students study the environmental importance of ecosystems and biodiversity.
Students study the equivalent of eight modules per year.
Students study the equivalent of six modules, including a substantial project.
Students study the estuary and the plants and animals that live there.
Students study the expressions that realize the functions of the discourse.
Students study the factors that influence the climate of a region.
Students study the facts in small groups that can be solved by a single strategy.
Students study the field of cultural anthropology as it relates to contemporary issues in education.
Students study the formulation of clay and glaze materials.
Students study the French culture to compare and contrast it with their own cultures.
Students study the French language and francophone culture on an intensive basis.
Students study the gross and microscopic anatomy of vertebrate systems.
Students study the hardware and software elements that define an operating computer system.
Students study the hardware and software necessary for networking computer systems together.
Students study the harvest, five senses, living things, wood, insects, zoo animals, and the ocean.
Students study the historical and philosophical foundations of the profession.
Students study the historical significance of opera as it pertains to the past and present.
Students study the history and culture of the South with an emphasis on Latin America.
Students study the history and literature of the theatre and the crafts of theatre production.
Students study the history and philosophy of law as a part of political structure of our society.
Students study the history of horses from prehistoric times to present day.
Students study the history of mathematics from ancient to modern times.
Students study the history of rocketry, then build and launch their own rockets.
Students study the history of the Old South.
Students study the history of the theater, drama and dance.
Students study the history, configuration and repair in a classroom setting, at their own pace.
Students study the history, purpose, and tradition of the dances.
Students study the impact of tourism on the hospitality industry in other countries.
Students study the importance of fit and the adaptation of fitting techniques to the pattern.
Students study the importance of marine life on our economy.
Students study the interdependence of all life in the water.
Students study the jean-environmental interaction.
Students study the language of conflict identity in parties and intervenors.
Students study the lava flows exposed in the area and determine their source area.
Students study the lifecycle, habitats, breeding patterns, etc.
Students study the Macedonian grammatical system and simple original fiction and non-fiction texts.
Students study the management skills necessary to succeed as an independent business owner.
Students study the mechanics of writing and methods of writing effectively.
Students study the methods and techniques of sound production and design used in the theatre.
Students study the methods by which commercial buildings are designed and constructed.
Students study the methods for gathering and producing news for radio and television programs.
Students study the movement and impact of interest rates in domestic and international markets.
Students study the nature and consequences of international economic relations.
Students study the nature and role of the entrepreneur in contemporary business society.
Students study the night sky and methods used by astronomers.
Students study the ocean and can go sailing, rowing, canoeing, and kayaking.
Students study the oral reading of Latin poetry and scansion of dactylic hexameter.
Students study the oral reading of Latin poetry and the use of meter.
Students study the organization and management of livestock sales.
Students study the organizational structure of human societies.
Students study the origins, nature, and effects of historical change.
Students study the past and continuing evolut ion of masculinity and femininity.
Students study the peanut and compare it to other seeds.
Students study the people, culture, climate, population, economy, society and land of a country.
Students study the person's development through the life cycle.
Students study the physical geography, climate, history, economy, and culture of each country.
Students study the poetry and art of various world cultures.
Students study the preparation of repertoire and recital programs.
Students study the principles, elements and practices underlying administrative communication.
Students study the program via their computer from home or work.
Students study the properties of rocks and soil.
Students study the pyroclastic deposits exposed in the area and determine the sequence of events.
Students study the reciprocity of relationships between and among family members.
Students study the recruitment and selection of employees in organizations.
Students study the relational algebra, relational calculus, and various forms of normalization.
Students study the relationship between the expert witnesses in regulatory bodies, courts, etc.
Students study the relationship of the mind, heart and spirit to health.
Students study the relationships between the artist and the government at all levels of society.
Students study the responsibilities of an accountant, giving insight into a business organization.
Students study the role and significance of sports in contemporary society.
Students study the role of ethics and law in a variety of organizational and technological settings.
Students study the role of marketing in business and society.
Students study the roles of individuals within families and as consumers.
Students study the Romantic period.
Students study the same curriculum as the English-speaking students.
Students study the satellite images to identify key features with the help of an atlas.
Students study the science of how instruments produce sound.
Students study the science of photography, environmental biology, and chemistry.
Students study the sharks that inhabit the Oregon coast.
Students study the sneakers worn by students in the school.
Students study the sociological and psychological aspects of apparel selection.
Students study the structure of action, character and dialogue.
Students study the structure of action, character, and dialogue.
Students study the structure of matter, electrostatics, and electromagnetism.
Students study the structure of the human body.
Students study the structure of words and language throughout all grades.
Students study the structure, function, and behavior of living things.
Students study the structured arrangement of scriptural truths in systematic theology.
Students study the structures, functions, and changes in living things including humans.
Students study the structures, properties, nomenclature, and function of biological molecules.
Students study the subjonctif and are introduced to the pass simple.
Students study the symbolism involved in various styles of masks.
Students study the theories, methods and treatment procedures in gerontology.
Students study the theory and application of criminal investigation beyond the crime scene.
Students study the theory and application of trigonometric and circular functions.
Students study the theory and practice of persuasion as part of decision making in a free society.
Students study the theory, context and cultural aspects of art and design.
Students study the theory, visual properties, and psychological and physiological effects of color.
Students study the three separate sciences of biology, chemistry and physics from the fourth year.
Students study the tools, techniques, and applications of artificial intelligence.
Students study the Torah with special attention to Jewish values and ethical choices.
Students study the Uniform Arbitration Act, the Federal Arbitration Act, and offers of judgment.
Students study the use of language for active communication.
Students study the use of language for actuve communication.
Students study the various approaches and methods used in political science research.
Students study the various aspects of the engineering profession.
Students study the various movements in art history with a concentration on mediums and techniques.
Students study the weather similar to Florida.
Students study the wide range of effects system faults generate.
Students study the work of other artists through slides, videos and museum visits.
Students study the young child, from conception through late childhood.
Students study their area of concentrate for two hours daily.
Students study their local natural catastrophes.
Students study their own community, some Iowa history, government, farms, and natural resources.
Students study their values, prejudices, expectations, and motivation.
Students study theoretical communication models, experimental studies and rhetorical research.
Students study theories and pragmatics of interpersonal communication.
Students study theories of directing and direct a production of their choice.
Students study theories of language acquisition and of the development of reading skill.
Students study theories of reading instruction, both developmental and remedial.
Students study therapies for for psychoneuroimmunology disease, including spiritual applications.
Students study three memory addressing modes and the use of sub-routines.
Students study three texts from a range of periods and styles over the course of the semester.
Students study through a variety of media rather than in a classroom setting.
Students study through distance learning in their own communities.
Students study tissue preparation techniques for microscopic studies of plant and animal tissues.
Students study tissues and body organization.
Students study together in a residence hall.
Students study topics and activities appropriate to their needs and interests.
Students study topics of the course, but also explore some topics in depth on their own.
Students study topics such as theories of human development, personality, motivation, and learning.
Students study towards immediate career goals, or further advanced academic work.
Students study traditional Balinese dance forms, male and female.
Students study traditional explanations and commentary in addition to creating their own Midrashim.
Students study traditional, folk, seasonal, and beginning classical piano styles.
Students study trampoline, gymnastics and tumbling.
Students study transfusion therapy practice, blood group system biochemistry, genetics and serology.
Students study travel routes, a historical village and pioneer life.
Students study trumpet, trombone, horn, euphonium, and tuba.
Students study twentieth century artists.
Students study two electives at any one time.
Students study two languages to degree level, and gain proficiency in business administration.
Students study two subjects a session with two sessions each year over three years.
Students study two subjects a session with two sessions each year over two years.
Students study typical uses of mathematics in business and industry.
Students study typography and graphic design trends.
Students study under a professional actor and director.
Students study under our five certified athletic trainers.
Students study under the caring guidance of highly trained and dedicated teachers.
Students study under the most accomplished professionals from around the country.
Students study United States geography and learn all the state names and capitals.
Students study United States history from the beginnings of European exploration to the present.
Students study use.
Students study uses and abuses of water front property.
Students study various academic disciplines.
Students study various age groupings for analysis in spiritual development concerns.
Students study various aspects of dramatic and theatrical art.
Students study various communication strategies available to managers.
Students study various ethical arguments as shaped in different cultures.
Students study various racial and ethnic groups in the broad context of American society.
Students study very hard,too.
Students study victim cards and mark their maps.
Students study victim cards and work on locating the source of contamination.
Students study vocabulary from literary works.
Students study vocabulary, review grammar and usage, and write paragraphs and short essays.
Students study vocabulary, spelling, study skills, and literature.
Students study vocal production, quality choral sound, and beginning sight reading.
Students study vocal techniques, sight reading and choral style.
Students study volcanoes, earthquakes, and plate tectonics.
Students study ways to use video with children within the classroom.
Students study well-known logos.
Students study Western music history in detail.
Students study what causes fluids to flow, how to control flow, and how pressure is created.
Students study what is meant by knowledge and reality.
Students study with a volunteer tutor at a time and place convenient to both.
Students study with British students usually for the full academic year.
Students study with dedicated professors who inspire learning.
Students study with distinguished authors and ground-breaking researchers.
Students study with faculty who are the best in their areas of specialty.
Students study with nationally known writers and editors to learn the craft of creative writing.
Students study with other adults who share similar interests and concerns.
Students study with the same classmates and teachers throughout the session.
Students study with three professional dancers who are responsible for directing the organization.
Students study with two teachers and cover two different theater disciplines.
Students study wolf resources on the Internet throughout the unit.
Students study women's issues and feminist theory from an interdisciplinary perspective.
Students study woody plant production, tree and shrub identification, and plant propagation.
Students study worldwide influences on today's fashions and merchandising techniques.
Students study written materials on the course topics.
Students study, attend, and create contemporary performance pieces.
Students study, do homework and socialize with friends.
Students study, drill, and practice aspects of English grammar.
Students study, play and life in a world insulated from the rest of society.
Students study, play and live in a world insulated from the rest of society.
Students study, work, and receive assistance and counseling at a college campus.
Students study, write, deliver and evaluate public speeches.
Students studying a foreign language learn about the art of one of the above cultures.
Students studying a language can participate in online chats to practice their language skills.
Students studying abroad are often still eligible for financial aid.
Students studying abroad in Australia can listen in for some familiar sounds from home.
Students studying abroad next fall are in a better position to get rooms for next year.
Students studying abroad too want to call home.
Students studying any major and discipline are eligible.
Students studying applied psychology learn how humans develop, learn and are motivated.
Students studying classical languages enjoy small classes and personalized attention.
Students studying economics have priority.
Students studying English often go on to graduate school.
Students studying for a PhD take a number of taught courses in their first year.
Students studying for an entrance exam have it hard.
Students studying for Christian ministry still form a part of the theological programme.
Students studying for examinations sometimes drink coffee to stay awake.
Students studying for teacher licensure prepare to teach in secondary schools.
Students studying for the new e-commerce degree have a choice in their elective courses.
Students studying for their bachelor's degree are mostly in classes with hearing students.
Students studying French or German take placements in France or Germany.
Students studying German enjoy small classes and individual attention.
Students studying in Algeria , however , are issued tourist visas .
Students studying in Algeria, however, are issued tourist visas.
Students studying in Canada are eligible for U.S. government guaranteed student loans.
Students studying in different modes can become a class across agreed time frameworks.
Students studying in the library are hungry and sleepy.
Students studying in the United States generally have a number of additional expenses.
Students studying literature learn to adopt a wide range of reading practices.
Students studying music also have the opportunity to study other cultures by examining their music.
Students studying other disciplines, such as engineering, also have opportunities.
Students studying part-time can complete the program in three years.
Students studying polyhedra enjoy seeing the structures as they occur in the real world.
Students studying single Majors take both courses.
Students studying subjects related to Finnish culture receive special consideration.
Students studying the same major take all their classes together.
Students submit a brief research proposal which is reviewed by a faculty panel.
Students submit a brief statement of the problem, revising and resubmitting it if necessary.
Students submit a business idea to a screening committee.
Students submit a complete draft of each paper on the due date.
Students submit a completed portfolio.
Students submit a daily log of activities and write a paper describing the internship experience.
Students submit a dissertation as part of the final assessment.
Students submit a dissertation at the end of the year.
Students submit a final copy of the manuscript after all form and style changes are made.
Students submit a final outline of their future paper for approval.
Students submit a final report of their study at the end of the special course.
Students submit a final version of their written report, and present an oral summary.
Students submit a formal application for the peer mediator program, including references.
Students submit a graded essay comparing and contrasting fieldwork experiences to date.
Students submit a letter of recommendation from a teacher, adviser or community leader.
Students submit a log of reflective writing.
Students submit a major paper and give a public lecture.
Students submit a portfolio of their work at the end of the semester.
Students submit a portfolio of work from the semester and it is reviewed by the composition faculty.
Students submit a project proposal for instructor's approval.
Students submit a proposal of their intended project for departmental approval.
Students submit a proposal stating their goals for the semester for approval.
Students submit a proposal to the certificate coordinator for approval.
Students submit a proposal to the sponsor to complete the work.
Students submit a proposed program of study for faculty approval.
Students submit a reflection paper, rather than the complete educational platform.
Students submit a resume for a resume book that it sent to interested companies.
Students submit a resume reflective of academic and outreach accomplishments.
Students submit a schedule they have agreed to for their regular group meetings.
Students submit a science project to compete for prizes and awards.
Students submit a science project with a written report on their research.
Students submit a summary of the interview.
Students submit a thesis and defend it before a faculty committee.
Students submit a timesheet showing hours worked and are paid minimum wage.
Students submit a work proposal for the semester.
Students submit a writing sample and present a public speech which receive departmental appraisal.
Students submit a written copy of their presentation following their presentation to the class.
Students submit a written information paper.
Students submit a written plan of action to the teacher.
Students submit a written proposal to the department in the spring of the junior year.
Students submit abstracts which are judged anonymously by a faculty committee.
Students submit all assignments and course communication via the course Web site.
Students submit all assignments electronically.
Students submit all of the editorial content on a purely volunteer basis.
Students submit an application and essay, letters of recommendation and academic transcripts.
Students submit an application annually to be considered for Seminary grant support.
Students submit an application packet.
Students submit an official transcript for each proposed transfer course.
Students submit answers online.
Students submit answers to bulletin board for discussion.
Students submit application forms, narrative statements and artistic work samples.
Students submit application materials to employers on-line before a specified deadline.
Students submit applications during fall term.
Students submit assignments electronically.
Students submit assignments for a given lab using a submit program.
Students submit assignments through the mail or by fax.
Students submit brief abstracts of their project and identify their faculty advisor.
Students submit cassette copies of their show for comment by the instructor.
Students submit completed applications to their colleges.
Students submit completed assignments, projects, and questions electronically.
Students submit completed data sheet and finished transportation rose.
Students submit completed proposal packages through the university they plan to attend.
Students submit completed work to the teacher by sending e-mail attachments.
Students submit coursework in each of the compulsory subjects and in each of the elective subjects.
Students submit drafts and revisions of at least two stories.
Students submit drafts to the instructor on the due date.
Students submit entries and are judged by the educational community on process and product.
Students submit entries that sharpen their inquiry, problem solving and creative writing skills.
Students submit entries that sharpen their inquiry, problem-solving and creative writing skills.
Students submit entries to an interactive archive on various topics related to course.
Students submit essays and take exams which relate to electric cooperatives and their structure.
Students submit essays frequently.
Students submit extended abstracts, which the group pares down to three finalists.
Students submit five substantial papers plus a dissertation.
Students submit four placement choices to their field advisors.
Students submit goal sheets that are reviewed and refined.
Students submit handdrawn or digital images of snowmen and snowomen in various professions.
Students submit homework for each session and exams for each block.
Students submit homework through a similar process.
Students submit individual bids to their teachers for each act.
Students submit lessons through U.S. mail, e-mail, the Internet, telephone, and fax.
Students submit manuscripts regularly and offer each other feedback.
Students submit most assignments via the Internet using an automated grading system.
Students submit multiple-choice exercises pertaining to that particular weeks subject matter.
Students submit musical compositions, but no formal assignments involving English-language writing.
Students submit nominations to the student awards selection committee.
Students submit notebooks as they leave class.
Students submit one or two pieces at midsemester to be evaluated without prejudice.
Students submit one URL per test, for a total of five.
Students submit original art work to share with other classroom.
Students submit original scripts.
Students submit original stories with at least five original illustrations to enter.
Students submit original stories with at least five original story illustrations.
Students submit papers and assignments via e-mail.
Students submit papers and quizzes to instructors via e-mail.
Students submit papers for group criticism.
Students submit plans for hypothetical or actual situations.
Students submit poetry to be published on the website.
Students submit poetry which reflects the area they live in.
Students submit poetry, fiction, essays, photography, and drawings.
Students submit portfolios as part of the admissions process.
Students submit project preferences.
Students submit project proposals geared either to the elementary or secondary level.
Students submit questions for the second online guest.
Students submit questions to which volunteers respond.
Students submit resumes and all other required materials noted on-line.
Students submit resumes and covering letters which are then forwarded to employers.
Students submit resumes prior to the scheduled events .
Students submit resumes to employers in which they are interested.
Students submit resumes, attend workshops, and apply for Co-op positions.
Students submit revisions.
Students submit rough draft of position papers.
Students submit rough drafts of position papers.
Students submit rough drafts of their papers to the instructors and to one other student.
Students submit samples of their work or projects for review.
Students submit science fair projects, which are judged based on outlined criteria.
Students submit several short assignments during the term, as well as a final project.
Students submit solutions to a programming problem.
Students submit standardized test scores.
Students submit stories and readers offer comments.
Students submit substantive documentation of prior learning experiences through a portfolio process.
Students submit the argument in two stages, as described below.
Students submit the final report for final evaluation.
Students submit the form to their teacher or participating sponsors to receive an incentive.
Students submit the results of the research as a written honors thesis before graduating.
Students submit the same paper for credit in different courses.
Students submit their answers by mail.
Students submit their answers on-line and are awarded points as they complete the puzzles.
Students submit their answers to the project's creator.
Students submit their artwork through their high schools, which accept up to ten entries.
Students submit their assignments to an instructor via e-mail.
Students submit their data for others to compare and analyze.
Students submit their documents to the site and select what kind of critique they want.
Students submit their final product to their departments for approval in order to graduate.
Students submit their ideas to the instructor which evaluates the complexity of the problem.
Students submit their letters to the editor.
Students submit their parts of the application separately from the faculty recommendations.
Students submit their reports to faculty and peers.
Students submit their research proposals to the head of department at or near the time of enrolment.
Students submit their resumes and employer requested documents online.
Students submit their resumes directly to the employers.
Students submit their resumes to the employer before the application deadline.
Students submit their resumes to the employer for interview consideration.
Students submit their resumes with a completed application form.
Students submit their solutions as a report for assessment.
Students submit their work for assessment.
Students submit their work for consideration, and a panel of judges select the works to be included.
Students submit their work through e-mail.
Students submit their work to a teacher for weekly evaluation.
Students submit their work.
Students submit transcriptions and audio cassette tapes of their speeches.
Students submit transcripts of any academic work taken at other colleges or universities.
Students submit two letters of recommendation.
Students submit various projects electronically to instructor.
Students submit water samples to the lab for analysis.
Students submit websites on a wide range of topics.
Students submit weekly agenda papers around which class sessions are organized.
Students submit weekly lists of reading accomplished.
Students submit work at the end of class for evaluation.
Students submit work on their Web pages and are sent evaluations and grades by E-mail.
Students submit work published during past.
Students submit write-ups for several small projects.
Students submit written answers to the questions on an accompanying worksheet.
Students submit written assignments and projects to the instructor by e-mail for grading.
Students submit written logs of their experiences, which contribute to their evaluation.
Students submit written progress reports on a monthly basis.
Students submit written proposals to professors with whom they'd like to work.
Students submitting essays on time are eligible to rewrite the first essay in their courses.
Students submitting late work, in effect, have more time to complete the same required assignments.
Students submitting petitions later do so at their own risk.
Students submitting research papers are eligible for monetary awards.
Students subscribe to the service by the semester.
Students subsequently receive their graded work by return e-mail.
Students substitute their own words when sentences become more complex.
Students subtract the lesser coordinate from the greater one.
Students succeed in classrooms with consistent practices in literacey.
Students succeed in foreign language study because they put forth the effort to succeed.
Students Succeed Many students have a disability or difficulty learning.
Students succeed or fail based on their effort.
Students successfully complete four years of mathematics.
Students successfully complete the writing course requirement by passing an exit essay exam.
Students successfully completing a cooperative program receive a notation on their transcript.
Students successfully completing an option are eligible to receive a Certificate of Completion.
Students successfully completing the course earn one high school credit.
Students successfully find jobs in various applied settings as well as in the academia.
Students successfully find positions in a wide range of public and private agencies.
Students successfully grapple with lessons of history in innovative group performance tasks.
Students successfully navigate through the web sites.
Students successfully participate in group discussions.
Students successfully plot the latitude and longitude of each location.
Students successfully use the stages of the writing process, as needed.
Students successfully use the stages of writing process.
Students suck crumbs through their straw until their plate is clean.
Students suddenly look forward to waking up in the morning and greeting the early sun.
Students suffer because they feel as if they are shuffled from one place to another.
Students suffer enough from the pressures of homework and exams.
Students suffer from a lack of it.
Students suffer from administrative inertia and strident rights-based contract language.
Students suffer from poor counseling.
Students suffer from turnover, the lack of conference time and recommendations for graduate school.
Students suffer verbal, sexual, and even physical abuse and harassment.
Students suffer when professors mistrust their colleagues.
Students suffer when they leave.
Students suggest a movement for each.
Students suggest and vote on the projects they want to explore.
Students suggest constructive ways to manage personal anger and help others feel calmer .
Students suggest favorites and vote.
Students suggest how to approach to solve the problem.
Students suggest tentative explanations.
Students suggest the names for the labels.
Students suggest the titles and organize the discussion groups.
Students suggest ways to help others calm down.
Students summarise and express the knowledge they have gained from each day's lectures.
Students summarize an event.
Students summarize and evaluate their efforts.
Students summarize and identify the main idea and supporting details.
Students summarize and represent interesting information they have heard, read, or viewed.
Students summarize and re-write the plot of the story.
Students summarize data on graphs, and compare and analyze the data as they apply to semantics.
Students summarize experiences in written reports with seminar presentations.
Students summarize information discovered about famous first aviators.
Students summarize information on notecards.
Students summarize previous day's reading, using graphic organizers.
Students summarize study outcomes through findings, tables, and data.
Students summarize text and draw conclusions.
Students summarize the briefing and discuss the options within their group.
Students summarize the important facts from their research.
Students summarize the results from their lab in one concise paragraph.
Students summarize the results of their lab in one concise paragraph.
Students summarize their findings in a report.
Students summarize their findings on the board.
Students summarize what they learn in a paper, Web site, or other medium they choose.
Students summarize, analyze, and report back to classmates the results of various surveys.
Students summarize, evaluate, and respond to various viewing experiences.
Students summarize, using their wide experience, what they have learned in one or more formats.
Students supervise three to four practicum students with instructor.
Students supplement their classroom learning with relevant, practical training and experience.
Students supplement their experience with a supervised off-campus internship.
Students supplement their seminar choices with specialized independent study courses.
Students supplement work activities in a variety of settings.
Students supplementing classroom learning with computer tutorials is nothing new.
Students supply all cavern diving equipment including lighting system and cavern reels.
Students supply all materials.
Students supply all open water diving equipment including hood, gloves light, etc.
Students supply blankets, pillows, bedspreads, curtains, rugs, lamps, and accessories.
Students supply camera, film, photographic paper, and developing tank.
Students supply cards.
Students supply copies weekly for small group and once or twice for large group.
Students supply elbow grease to start a reaction which duplicates the light produced by fireflies.
Students supply film and paper.
Students supply film, paper, supplies.
Students supply items such as bed sheets, pillow, curtains and table lamps.
Students supply materials.
Students supply missing fractions between any two given numbers on a number line.
Students supply only linen, cutlery and small appliances such as toaster ovens, kettles, etc.
Students supply only mask fins and snorkel.
Students supply own calculators or use college equipment.
Students supply own camera.
Students supply own cameras.
Students supply own instrument.
Students supply own instruments.
Students supply paper of their own choice.
Students supply photographic paper and film.
Students supply some copies for group reading.
Students supply sticks, mallets, or their own instruments if they wish.
Students supply such items as pillows, bed linens, bedspreads, curtains, area rugs, etc.
Students supply the core curriculum.
Students supply the missing numbers on a picture of a ruler which has some blanks.
Students supply the right or wrong answer, and the contestant decides to agree or disagree.
Students supply the words.
Students supply their own bed linens, blankets, pillows, desk lamp, personal toiletries, etc.
Students supply their own camera and film.
Students supply their own camera, film, printing paper and related supplies.
Students supply their own cameras, film, and printing paper.
Students supply their own cars, in good mechanical condition.
Students supply their own cooking utensils and bed linen.
Students supply their own cutlery, crockery and cooking utensils.
Students supply their own dive gear except tanks.
Students supply their own film and photo paper.
Students supply their own film and photographic paper.
Students supply their own instruments and course materials.
Students supply their own linen.
Students supply their own linens and pillows.
Students supply their own materials and the technician in charge provides information and expertise.
Students supply their own materials unless noted otherwise.
Students supply their own materials.
Students supply their own paper for any prints made for personal use.
Students supply their own personal cassette recorder and headphones.
Students supply their own project.
Students supply their own telephones.
Students supply their own towels.
Students supply their own wood to work on their projects using the tools and equipment supplied.
Students supply thier own materials.
Students support and challenge each other rather than compete for grades.
Students support each other and are cooperative and friendly as they seek their mutual goals.
Students support each other and undertake projects designed around community needs.
Students support each other and work together in a truly cooperative spirit.
Students support each other.
Students support more elaborate course descriptions.
Students support the initiative.
Students support their definition with examples.
Students support their ideas and solutions in response to others' challenges or counterarguments.
Students support their ideas with information in the data itself.
Students support their own self-control.
Students support themselves as they gain their degree.
Students surf into electronic encyclopedias.
Students surf the Internet to find inexpensive components.
Students surf the net and start selecting sites to link to their page.
Students surface from being buried deep in their books preparing for final examinations.
Students surge forward, undaunted.
Students surge out of chapel on the wings of a daring plan.
Students surprise themselves sometimes and that s exciting to see.
Students surround an effigy, illustrating police brutality in South Africa.
Students survey and evaluate worship forms and practices in use in varied cultural settings.
Students survey and map the area around their school to determine how land is used.
Students survey assigned class.
Students survey community members and analyze the results as they assess a problem in their town.
Students survey diverse theories of intelligence.
Students survey each other for length of time spent on homework.
Students survey hardware and software options for addressing project needs.
Students survey it again and again and again.
Students survey nursing history and the moral and legal responsibilities of the practical nurse.
Students survey operations and techniques used in organic chemistry laboratories.
Students survey other students in the class.
Students survey systematic approaches for analyzing language.
Students survey the development of clothing use and style from pre-historic times to the present.
Students survey the development of drama from the origins in ancient Greece to the present time.
Students survey the development of language and speech in children from birth to school age.
Students survey the functionality of their site using a Web browser before they publish.
Students survey the role of marketing in business and in society.
Students survey the wide range of radio station programming and operating strategies and techniques.
Students survey the world's varied cultural landscapes.
Students survey, list, and categorize potential water polluting products in their homes.
Students surveyed say that distance learning courses are as hard or harder than on campus courses.
Students surveyed say that distance-learning courses are as hard or harder than on campus courses.
Students suspected of academic dishonesty are subject to disciplinary proceedings.
Students suspected of dishonest conduct are subject to disciplinary proceedings.
Students swap thermometers and proceed to next sampling point.
Students swap writing projects and discuss their assignments online.
Students swarm over the area, looking for casual wear at bargain prices.
Students swear at or ignore their teachers, and the consequences are virtually nil.
Students sweat it out as temperatures rise in the fitness center.
Students swim front crawl with coordinated breathing every stroke.
Students swim laps to raise money for diabetes research.
Students switch classes and see several teachers throughout the day.
Students switch in the middle of the semester.
Students switch istructors at the midterm.
Students switch maps, repeat the game.
Students switch roles after a set period of time.
Students switch roles as they move from one problem to the next.
Students switch roles.
Students switch teachers mid-year.
Students switch to work with the other liquid.
Students synthesize a personal definition of nursing based on the informed caring framework.
Students synthesize a wide range of different N-substituted maleimides for use as dienophiles.
Students synthesize an appropriate hypothesis based on current research in the field.
Students synthesize and apply theories of nursing, leadership, change and management.
Students synthesize and integrate learning from the entire program.
Students synthesize and validate concepts encountered during teaching practicum.
Students synthesize data about health status as they plan, provide and evaluate health care.
Students synthesize information from a variety of sources.
Students synthesize professional nursing roles through individualized learning contract.
Students synthesize relevant theory and research culminating in senior project or paper.
Students synthesize standards on through five by writing a research report or thesis.
Students synthesize standards one through five by writing a research paper or thesis.
Students synthesize their data into a concise, written report.
Students synthesize weather variables from current maps and view current conditions.
Students systematically go up and place their stickers next to their choices.
Students tackle challenging topics such as fiber optics, ergonomics and health care for the elderly.
Students tackle meaningful, real-life assignments for area organizations, companies and schools.
Students tackle the problem of teaching a subject or skill to their peers.
Students tagged by the zombie are out of the game.
Students tailor a course of study that suits individual interests and professional needs.
Students tailor the certificate program to meet their individual needs and interests.
Students tailor the content of their programs within a defined framework to suit their interests.
Students tailor the final two years of the program to best meet their own needs.
Students take a battery of six tests.
Students take a boat to Long Island in Blue Hill Bay.
Students take a break and watch actors.
Students take a break at the top of the falls.
Students take a break between classes on the walkway next to the library.
Students take a break between drills.
Students take a break from their busy schedule for friendly conversation.
Students take a break in the shade after visiting the exhibit.
Students take a brief quiz on each book to ensure that they have read the material.
Students take a broadly based first year chosen from a wide range of social science units.
Students take a bus from the dormitory to the front door of the university.
Students take a clear position on the issue and write a persuasive letter to their school board.
Students take a close look at the many types of pollutants that are dumped into our planet's oceans.
Students take a close look at the process of applying for employment.
Students take a closed book examination at the end of the course.
Students take a combination of both year-long and semester long courses.
Students take a combination of chemistry and business classes.
Students take a combination of courses in basic and applied sciences.
Students take a combination of papers along with a thesis or research project.
Students take a common business core which includes introductory courses in each of the disciplines.
Students take a common core of courses, required courses for the specialization and electives.
Students take a common core of dance courses.
Students take a common CRT. .
Students take a common first semester of multidisciplinary study.
Students take a complete Western Civilization sequence, taught in English.
Students take a comprehensive examination in the final semester.
Students take a comprehensive final at the end of the quarter.
Students take a compulsory drawing subject in the first year.
Students take a computerized multiple-choice test about the book.
Students take a computerized test after reading the book.
Students take a computerized test over the book.
Students take a computerized test, featuring multiple-choice comprehension questions.
Students take a core and select additional courses from the area of specialty.
Students take a core courses in history, literature, sociology, and psychology of sport.
Students take a core of courses in gerontology and other social sciences.
Students take a core of interdisciplinary courses, select a specialization, and complete a minor.
Students take a correspondence course if they have too many spares.
Students take a course in historical methods during their second semester in residence.
Students take a course in Polish language and four area studies courses taught in English.
Students take a course of individual instrumental or vocal lessons with a specialist teacher.
Students take a course outside major which focuses on culture in historical context.
Students take a critical look at some tobacco ads.
Students take a critical view of their understandings of ministry.
Students take a different stand.
Students take a different view.
Students take a digital picture to go with the letter.
Students take a field exam focused on their declared discipline.
Students take a field trip to a television studio.
Students take a field trip to an ecosystem to observe the homes of animals in natural habitats.
Students take a final exam and write one essay.
Students take a final objective test over the play.
Students take a first look at the difference between living and non-living things.
Students take a full course load each semester, including four years of math.
Students take a full load of courses, usually three laboratory sciences per semester.
Students take a further six courses from the options listed for the third year of the BSc.
Students take a general examination in the area of specialization and complete a dissertation.
Students take a greater responsibility for their education in Great Britain.
Students take a guided tour through a virtual natural history museum.
Students take a journey through their memories.
Students take a lab course in Spring to become familiar with advanced instrumentation.
Students take a large cardboard packing box and insert temperature recording devices into the box.
Students take a leading role in researching and implementing the equipment.
Students take a look at their own body composition.
Students take a look at things through a fresh and exciting way.
Students take a look at why credit card interest rates are so much higher than other interest rates.
Students take a lot of pride in projects.
Students take a lot of reality on faith.
Students take a major role in planning for seminars on issues related to the Christian faith.
Students take a maximum of six credit-hours each semester.
Students take a mid-term exam and prepare a research proposal on some aspect of gender and work.
Students take a minimum of eight technique classes per week.
Students take a minimum of four classes per semester.
Students take a minimum of one graduate seminar per year with a faculty member of the other campus.
Students take a mix of mathematics and computer science courses.
Students take a much broader range of courses once in college.
Students take a multi-level test of English, history of Uzbekistan, and their respective major.
Students take a multiple-choice test and write an essay as part of the competition.
Students take a normal course load in a variety of liberal arts.
Students take a number of core courses in the field and then specialize in one of several areas.
Students take a one-day or overnight trip.
Students take a pass and sign out on the blackboard.
Students take a period of training in industry.
Students take a placement exam and are placed in one of nine language levels.
Students take a placement exam at the beginning of the program.
Students take a placement test before classes begin and then register for the appropriate level.
Students take a placement test in order to be placed at an appropriate level.
Students take a placement test to determine their level.
Students take a pledge to be and remain drug free, alcohol free and tobacco free.
Students take a position and defend it with evidence from research.
Students take a practice Regents exam and the winner is presented with an academic medal.
Students take a pretest in class and then contract for the appropriate level of learning.
Students take a quiz and have a homework assignment every day.
Students take a quiz over all of chapter two.
Students take a quiz to test their knowledge of the oceans.
Students take a quiz.
Students take a reading exam to determine their reading level.
Students take a realistic approach to field applications.
Students take a scheduled class at another location via live video linkage.
Students take a selected course and focus on the integration of faith, learning, and living.
Students take a separate test in writing and are interviewed by the teaching staff.
Students take a sequence of three core courses, one in each of their first three semesters.
Students take a series of amazing rides in some very special vehicles.
Students take a series of common courses, then a specific concentration, such as geology.
Students take a series of core courses augmented by upper-division electives.
Students take a series of courses during their first and second years.
Students take a series of lecture courses which normally run for the whole year.
Students take a set of core requirements, courses in an area of specialization and elective courses.
Students take a set of courses that provides a broad base for teaching social studies.
Students take a short objective quiz on a school computer.
Students take a short quiz labeling pictures of foods and place settings.
Students take a short quiz on the computer.
Students take a short, multiple-choice quiz about the book on the computer.
Students take a short, objective test on the computer.
Students take a significant role in planning and presenting chapel services.
Students take a similar view.
Students take a soil core of salt marsh peat.
Students take a summer break after the first nine months of classes.
Students take a supporting program or minor.
Students take a survey.
Students Take a Test - short tests are taken on computers in the classroom and library.
Students take a test on the computer on various reading skills.
Students take a test to assess their knowledge of developing children's writing skills.
Students take a three semester core composed of cell biology, genetics, and organismal biology.
Students take a total of three multiple choice tests to get awarded the in-class segment credit.
Students take a tour of the oldest schoolhouse in the United States.
Students Take a trip back through memory lane and check out our students and their work.
Students take a trip during spring break to join other college chapters in home-building projects.
Students Take a trip through memory lane and check out our students and their work.
Students take a trip to Amsterdam, the capital city and the largest in the Netherlands.
Students take a true-false food safety quiz.
Students take a two-hour oral examination in two topic areas of their choice.
Students take a two-week research sojourn to London, completing their research after the visit.
Students take a variety of art classes as well as general education to receive their degree.
Students take a variety of courses in psychology, sociology, and human services.
Students take a variety of courses in the arts, language, business, finance and politics.
Students take a variety of education courses in addition to their major requirements.
Students take a variety of educational courses to supplement the college academic major.
Students take a variety of science and education courses in addition to the practicum.
Students take a very specific class schedule.
Students take a week long field trip to various sites in Northern Arizona.
Students take a weekly pretest.
Students take a weekly spelling test to determine the members of the team.
Students take a wide range of internships across the public, non-profit and private sectors.
Students take a written and oral qualifying examination at the end of their third semester.
Students take a written comprehensive examination and, in some cases, an oral examination.
Students take about one day to learn the syntax, and can then move on to learning real concepts.
Students take academic and sequential professional studies on the Des Plaines campus.
Students take accelerated science and math courses in addition to a strong basic academic program.
Students take action to reduce pollution.
Students take active and pro-active roles in learning versus just listening to lectures.
Students take activities.
Students take additional graduate courses in their areas of interest.
Students take additional written examinations as required by the primary departments.
Students take advanced courses in preparation for college.
Students take advantage of a number of services offered by the college.
Students take advantage of easy access to journal publications to help fulfill homework assignments.
Students take advantage of opportunities to prepare for postsecondary training opportunities.
Students take advantage of regional and community resources for field experiences and internships.
Students take advantage of the college tutors who work at the library.
Students take advantage of the exceptional opportunities offered by our proximity to Chicago.
Students take advantage of the law library's reading room inside the atrium.
Students take advantage of the lively cities of Mexico and travel throughout Mesoamerica.
Students take advantage of the opportunity to expand and strengthen their network of support.
Students take advantage of the tranquillity for study or napping, prayer and meditation.
Students take advantage of the weather and one of the six outdoor tennis courts.
Students take advantage of travel seminars.
Students take air temperature with thermometer and record.
Students take all core courses for credit or as an audit.
Students take all course work through web-based classes.
Students take all courses in a cohort.
Students take all courses in a specified sequence.
Students take all four modules.
Students take all of their first-year classes together, thus forming a cohesive cohort.
Students take all or part of their education on-line.
Students take all subsequent courses at the campus to which they are assigned.
Students take all the course components listed below.
Students take all three modules.
Students take all three of the courses.
Students take an active part in initiating and planning public affairs programs.
Students take an active part in reading buildings and streetscapes.
Students take an active part in the management of normal pregnancy and normal labour.
Students take an active part in the professional associations sponsored through the department.
Students take an active role in acquiring knowledge.
Students take an active role in participating in the discussion.
Students take an active role in selecting their own placement.
Students take an active role in spiritual life on campus.
Students take an active role in the creation of classroom exercises.
Students take an active role in their academic or professional career planning.
Students take an active role in their learning process.
Students take an active role in university governance.
Students take an additional three courses from the list of approved courses .
Students take an archaeological perspective in viewing human impact on local environments.
Students take an article from the idea stage to a published piece in the school paper.
Students take an average of six required courses and elect one of seven concentrations.
Students take an average of ten units each semester.
Students take an evening course with the director of the program.
Students take an exam once they have completed the course in the subject.
Students take an exam to get admitted.
Students take an excursion to Belfast to learn more about Northern politics and the peace process.
Students take an ice cube and place it on a surface.
Students take an imaginary photo safari to Africa to learn about the animals that live there.
Students take an in depth look at organizing and planning in sport organizations.
Students take an increasing leadership role within the program each year.
Students take an in-depth look at the major political, economic, and social movements in America.
Students take an individual exam first, submit it, then retake it as a group.
Students take an integrated cognitive science subject in the second year of the course.
Students take an intensive training programme in socio-legal theory and methodology.
Students take an introductory course, then pick from among several options.
Students take an oath to become official members of the team.
Students take an online quiz to assess what they have learned.
Students take and analyze their own astronomical observations.
Students take and pass college courses.
Students take and record outside temperatures to add to their daily weather observations.
Students take another look at what they have circled.
Students take any color water color except brown and black.
Students take apart a common water pump, put it back together and then test it.
Students take appropriate action towards helping to create a diverse campus community.
Students take approved electives based on a major field of study.
Students take area core courses and additional courses tailored to the individual.
Students take as few or as many courses per semester as they want.
Students take assigned seats when entering the classroom.
Students take assignments more seriously Students take assignments more seriously.
Students take at least five seminars in their designated major field, including a methods seminar.
Students take at least four courses each semester.
Students take at least nine course units within the department over three years.
Students take at least one advanced methods course taught in Spanish.
Students take at least three of the following courses.
Students take at least two courses each term and spend a year in residence as a full-time student.
Students take at least two courses in each of three disciplines and two interdisciplinary courses.
Students take at their own pace through the Internet.
Students take attitudinal survey.
Students take away one simultaneously.
Students take basic and advanced courses in all management functions.
Students take basic college courses in English and mathematics.
Students take basic general education courses in addition to business and economic courses listed.
Students take because of flexibility.
Students take between four and eight credits.
Students take black and white and color photos and learn techniques of photo presentation.
Students take books home daily to read.
Students take both double modules.
Students Take both double modules.
Students take both general education and law specialty courses.
Students take both historical and contemporary literature courses in fiction, drama, and poetry.
Students take both introductory and advanced courses from a variety of business disciplines.
Students take both parts of the inventory online.
Students take both required courses and electives.
Students take breakfast and dinner each day with their host family.
Students take business courses as well as communication courses.
Students take call every fourth night.
Students take call every third night.
Students take call every third or fourth night.
Students take call one night per week and one weekend during the rotation.
Students take call with medical residents, who play a vital role in their clinical education.
Students take care of parking at orientation.
Students take care of plants in the mornings and after school.
Students take care of their own laundry, ironing, cooking, and other chores.
Students take care.
Students take career-oriented field trips.
Students take career-specific courses first, followed by general education courses.
Students take catalogs home.
Students take charge of the class, calling on classmates to identify each sound in a word.
Students take charge of the event, making signs, selling tickets, and setting up the scoreboard.
Students take charge of the learning .
Students take charge of their own learning and are self-regulated.
Students take class notes and complete study guide questions for homework grades.
Students take classes and earn college credit.
Students take classes and stay with French families.
Students take classes at the university while receiving their formation at the seminary.
Students take classes by way of their televisions.
Students take classes electronically originating in any member district.
Students take classes from the larger university while maintaining the department as their home.
Students take classes in ceramics, computer graphics, design, drawing and painting, photography.
Students take classes in English, science, mathematics, social studies, and foreign language.
Students take classes in late afternoon and evenings.
Students take classes in math, science, literature and writing.
Students take classes in mathematics, science, foreign language, reading, and writing .
Students take classes in neurobiology, electrical engineering, and relevant mathematics.
Students take classes in the physics department for a variety of reasons.
Students take classes in various scientific disciplines and information technology.
Students take classes individually and face a new group of people in each classroom.
Students take classes near their homes, without having to come to Omaha.
Students take classes on the opposite wing of the complex away from the general public.
Students take classes on their area of interest.
Students take classes one weekend and get the next weekend off.
Students take classes such as anatomy, physiology, and biochemistry.
Students take classes that apply toward their major, minor, core, or electives.
Students take classes there all year round.
Students take classes together to form a learning alliance.
Students take classes twice a week, in the evening.
Students take classes with American, international, and Japanese students.
Students take classes with Italian students in Italian academic settings.
Students take classes with other students from all over Europe and the world.
Students take classes with others enrolled in the program.
Students take classes with their grade-level peers for most of the day.
Students take college courses.
Students take common engineering courses in the first two years of the program.
Students take comps in the last semester of enrollment.
Students take computer quizzes which are automatically scored and results reported to the teacher.
Students take considerable responsibility for managing their own learning.
Students take consumer education tests to qualify for state or regional competition.
Students take control of their own learning.
Students take core academic courses in English or Spanish.
Students take core and elective courses during the day or in the evening.
Students take core and specialty courses in their areas of expertise.
Students take core classes in grammar, reading, writing, listening, and speaking.
Students take core courses in freshman and sophomore years.
Students take core courses in music history, theory, general musicianship and choral ensemble.
Students take core courses which include mathematics, social studies, language arts and science.
Students take core of quantitative and public management courses.
Students take correlative anatomy and pathology.
Students take cotton balls and glue over the sketched in area representing the glacier.
Students take course work in both the biblical and practical disciplines.
Students take course work in legal and ethical theory, history, and government.
Students take course work in several disciplines outside their major.
Students take course work in theoretical and applied linguistics and in teaching methods.
Students take courses across all four areas.
Students take courses across all three areas.
Students take courses across disciplines, often putting together individualized programs.
Students take courses and complete their assignments through our online learning environment.
Students take courses and professors they enjoy.
Students take courses at all campuses, and faculty teach at all campuses.
Students take courses at either university and are awarded degrees upon satisfactory completion.
Students take courses at Spanish or Latin American universities while living abroad.
Students take courses at the host university and bring their grades back home.
Students take courses at their own risk.
Students take courses both within and outside their concentration.
Students take courses drawn from disciplines across the university.
Students take courses focusing on liberal arts, psychology as a science, and foreign language.
Students take courses from other departments as well as media-specific courses within the major.
Students take courses from the faculty of business and economics.
Students take courses full time for the first two years and half time during the third year.
Students take courses in a sequence that supports and reinforces their entrepreneurial activities.
Students take courses in a variety of fields but major either in history or literature.
Students take courses in a wide range of subject areas.
Students take courses in accounting, finance, marketing, and other business related topics.
Students take courses in anatomy, microbiology, biochemistry, and physiology.
Students take courses in anatomy, pharmacology, ethics, and medical terminology.
Students take courses in anatomy, physiology, microbiology, chemistry, nutrition, and psychology.
Students take courses in anatomy, physiology, microbiology, nutrition, psychology, and nursing.
Students take courses in areas as diverse as photography, studio arts, theater arts, and choir.
Students take courses in as many different areas as possible.
Students take courses in both colleges.
Students take courses in business and in areas related to their chosen careers.
Students take courses in business, food production and management.
Students take courses in cell biology, immunology, and molecular immunology.
Students take courses in clinical systems management and business.
Students take courses in construction technology, engineering and business management.
Students take courses in dance education, dance history or movement for the actor.
Students take courses in each of the five other sequences.
Students take courses in education and related fields as well as in English.
Students take courses in education, research, and occupational therapy.
Students take courses in electrical and mechanical systems, and business and industrial processes.
Students take courses in English and one or more of six other languages.
Students take courses in Italian language and culture in a private language institute.
Students take courses in language, conversation and the culture of Quebec.
Students take courses in language, literature, culture and art.
Students take courses in literary analysis, poetry, fiction, and playwriting.
Students take courses in meteorology, atmosphere, and biometeorology.
Students take courses in political science, sociology and psychology as well as in criminal justice.
Students take courses in psychology in order to study behavior.
Students take courses in reading blueprints, basic optics, and machining lens components.
Students take courses in relational database systems and database management.
Students take courses in research methodologies and learn about lobbying and political parties.
Students take courses in the biology major until their junior year.
Students take courses in the department for a variety of reasons.
Students take courses in the history, sociology and anthropology of medicine.
Students take courses in traditional academic disciplines as well as enroll in intense Jewish study.
Students take courses in virology, vaccine development, and related fields.
Students take courses in voice and data communications, protocols, networks, and wireless systems.
Students take courses on a computer at their own pace.
Students take courses on the Internet to complete their requirements for a diploma.
Students take courses outside the business school, such as engineering, law and life sciences.
Students take courses over the Internet at their own pace and direction.
Students take courses taught in English.
Students take courses that are coordinated through cyberspace.
Students take courses that focus on written and oral communication theory and practices.
Students take courses that have been videotaped by an instructor.
Students take courses that meet on the virtual campus instead of in regular classrooms.
Students take courses that satisfy both high school and college credit requirements.
Students take courses that supplement or enhance the high school experience.
Students take courses throughout the university making their work highly interdisciplinary.
Students take courses to augment their current degree or update existing skills.
Students take courses, read, and talk with fellow students and faculty.
Students take coursework paired with a related internship.
Students take credit courses in all alternative secondary schools.
Students take credit.
Students take daily measurements of temperature and precipitation.
Students take data with stop watches.
Students take day and overnight trips and keep journals throughout the year about their experiences.
Students take different courseloads for different reasons.
Students take different kinds of rocks together in a can and shake for several minutes.
Students take digital clippings of the different stages of mitosis.
Students take DNA from a firefly and insert it into bacteria.
Students take each course with the same professor and the same classmates in successive semesters.
Students take education courses during the semester and do student teaching in the summer.
Students take eight core courses at different levels depending on their academic preparation.
Students take eight courses at different levels depending on their academic preparation.
Students take eight courses.
Students take eight modules in each year of study.
Students take eight modules in their second year and eight in the final year.
Students take eight options, including compulsory material, each of which is examined by tests.
Students take eight subject modules.
Students take eight units at each of three levels.
Students take elective courses focusing on public policy issues.
Students take electives based on interest and employer needs.
Students take electives based on interests and employer needs.
Students take engineering courses in every quarter they are on campus.
Students take English, history, science, mathematics, Latin, foreign language, and theology.
Students take environmental measurements and report their finding.
Students take EvMM core courses in addition to requirements for their degree program.
Students take examinations, which only results in another examination.
Students take examinations.
Students take exams after they have prepared by practicing problems.
Students take exams at the end of the first year and at the end of the third semester.
Students take exams by entering answers into a fill-out form and clicking the submit button.
Students take exams in math, science, English and history.
Students take exams when they have completed a certain number of required lessons.
Students take excursions within New York and adjoining states.
Students take extended field trips and develop a management plan on a ranch.
Students take extensive notes in order to be able to recall something from the course later.
Students take externs during their second year of the graduate program and during the summer terms.
Students take fewer classes each day, but each class meets for a longer amount of time each day.
Students take field tests.
Students take field trips and work together on special class, cross grade and whole-school projects.
Students take field trips in connection with their program and travel independently.
Students take field trips related to class readings.
Students take field trips to studios of working professionals.
Students take field trips to the school to see exhibits and take walking tours.
Students take field trips.
Students take final exam in testing center.
Students take five core units plus one option unit.
Students take five courses part time over a two year period.
Students take five courses per session.
Students take five courses per trimester.
Students take five minutes or so and write down their answers.
Students take five or more classes per semester.
Students take five, then start cramming for next year.
Students take food chain activities.
Students take for granted that the Internet is woven into the fabric of their everyday lives.
Students take four classes each fall and winter term.
Students take four classes per day, rounded out with free time, recreation, and an evening activity.
Students take four classes per semester.
Students take four compulsory courses.
Students take four core subjects plus their electives.
Students take four courses a term, allowing the option of graduating a year early.
Students take four courses at undergraduate level.
Students take four courses each semester for a total of eight each year.
Students take four courses each semester.
Students take four courses each year.
Students take four courses per quarter.
Students take four courses the first semester and four new courses the second semester.
Students take four courses, and also present two seminars on suitable topics of their own choice.
Students take four courses, one in each of four three and one-half week blocks.
Students take four courses.
Students take four different classes each semester, for total of eight in the year.
Students take four major examinations, three prior to and one subsequent to achieving candidacy.
Students take four modules in each of two terms.
Students take four modules, two in each year.
Students take four of the following special program courses in addition to a French language course.
Students take four or five academic courses per semester.
Students take four or five courses per semester.
Students take four or five linguistics units.
Students take four other courses which can be considered an introduction to academic life.
Students take four required courses and choose two electives.
Students take four required courses, two electives, and two free electives.
Students take four tests during the term.
Students take four to five subjects.
Students take four units in each semester.
Students take French courses each morning.
Students take frequent teacher-prepared tests.
Students take full advantage of Milwaukee's many music outlets.
Students take full responsibility for producing a newspaper, a yearbook, and a literary magazine.
Students take general college education courses in addition to courses in human services.
Students take general educate courses during the other half of the day.
Students take general examinations in both their major and minor areas.
Students take great care.
Students take great pride in the attractiveness and overall reputation of their school.
Students take great pride in their art projects.
Students take great pride in using the same tools as practicing professionals.
Students take groups of kids on a tour around the arena and talk about the animals.
Students take half their required graduation credits in the communication field.
Students take health in sixth, seventh and eighth grade.
Students take high level math and science courses combined with technical and academic courses.
Students take high school courses using a coordinated studies approach to learning.
Students take histories, perform physical examinations and other routine procedures for patients.
Students take history as breadth courses.
Students take home a beautiful arrangement that complements the overall theme.
Students take home a fat diary and keep track of the fat in the foods they eat over a week.
Students take home a floral arrangement or a centerpiece of their own design.
Students take home a full set of fire starting equipment they have made and the ability to use it.
Students take home books to read and cut-up stories to reassemble each night.
Students take home little books to read and cut up sentences to reassemble each night.
Students take home materials every, or almost every, day.
Students take home one masterpiece per session.
Students take home product samples from the days efforts, as well as charts and reference materials.
Students take home the blue bag and complete the activity packet inside after reading the book.
Students take home their finished products at the end of their session.
Students take home worksheets are provided.
Students take imaginary trip to fish store and examine aquariums.
Students take in all kinds of information about what is typical or normative among their peers.
Students take in fresh air while raking the grounds.
Students take in house calls on a rotating basis.
Students take increasing responsibility for making sure they get paid for the work they do.
Students take increasing responsibility for the installations of four exhibitions per semester.
Students take independent study credit.
Students take individual and group lessons.
Students take individual quizzes.
Students take information and process and draw inferences from it.
Students take intensive and independent study of some special area in social work or social welfare.
Students take into account multiple perspectives.
Students take investments, learn about the investment world.
Students take it from here.
Students take it home at the first of the year and bring it back at the close of school.
Students take it more seriously at that time.
Students take it personally when a teacher they have rapport with suddenly leaves.
Students take journals home today to begin stargazing.
Students take just one course at a time one right after the other.
Students take late buses home.
Students take leadership roles in running the meeting and all decisions are written down.
Students take less care with their writing, and spelling and sentence errors abound.
Students take levels sequentially and acquire marketable skills after completing each level.
Students take liberal arts courses from arts, humanities, and sciences.
Students take liberal arts courses from the arts, humanities, and sciences.
Students take loaded weapons to school and shoot other students or teachers.
Students take major courses totaling two credits each term.
Students take many tests during their years at school.
Students take master classes and perform.
Students take meals at the dining halls on campus or at restaurants near the campus.
Students take meals on their own.
Students take measurements and collect data.
Students take measurements and write down their analysis in field notebooks.
Students take measurements.
Students take methodology courses in seven teaching subject areas.
Students take mini courses in biology, chemistry, and physics.
Students take money from a piggy bank in order to purchase the items they choose.
Students take more responsibility for their learning and are more actively involved.
Students take morning classes in conversation, grammar and writing.
Students take most of the same classes required of chemistry majors, plus forensic science courses.
Students take most of their courses in Spanish.
Students take most of their courses together.
Students take most of their elective courses in the third and fourth years.
Students take most of their quizzes and exams on the Web, where they are graded instantly.
Students take multiple-choice tests in math, science, social studies, reading and English.
Students take night call every third night with the resident.
Students take nine hours each semester for four semesters.
Students take note.
Students take notes and begin drafting their report on the computer.
Students take notes and create mock notes representing several types of references used.
Students take notes and learn how to quote, paraphrase and synthesize information.
Students take notes and mark on their world maps the countries of origin.
Students take notes and return the material verbatim on exams.
Students take notes and write solutions to the horseshoe crab protection issue.
Students take notes by adding their own annotations to the shadow file.
Students take notes concerning Australian students' responses.
Students take notes during a lecture in China.
Students take notes during each presentation, and groups create quizzes over their portion.
Students take notes during lecture, are required to read the text and finish assigned projects.
Students take notes during the demonstration, tutorial, and practice problem parts of the software.
Students take notes from the book.
Students take notes in a travel log.
Students take notes in class to the exclusion of thinking about what is being said.
Students take notes on a lecture about Greek daily life and commerce.
Students take notes on a slide show planning sheet.
Students take notes on all videos or films viewed and articles read.
Students take notes on components of persuasive writing.
Students take notes on each of the possible sites to explore.
Students take notes on laptop computers.
Students take notes on short lecture on globalization.
Students take notes on the interview.
Students take notes on the main data findings as each group presents.
Students take notes on the power point lecture about Italy's physical geography.
Students take notes to the right of the margin.
Students take notes using note-taking guide.
Students take notes.
Students take notes.
Students take on a job and thoroughly research the tasks associated with the job.
Students take on all responsibilities normally accepted by elementary teachers.
Students take on average nine GCSEs and three, sometimes four 'A' levels.
Students take on challenging academic work every day, and they are graded on their efforts.
Students take on differing roles in the company.
Students take on gun violence.
Students take on real ownership.
Students take on role of captain to explore space looking for algebraic missions.
Students take on roles as people in history, in various countries, or in various occupations.
Students take on roles.
Students take on the persona of an author of their choice.
Students take on the role of a seismologist and are commissioned to compile a synoptic report.
Students take on the role of a travel agent working for The World Wide Web Travel Agency.
Students take on the role of an investigator searching for answers in a killer whale mystery.
Students take on the role of borrowers and lenders in a double auction market.
Students take on the role of commercial artist and the teacher becomes the art director.
Students take on the role of either buyers or sellers of education or as interested bystanders.
Students take on the role of firms as either entrants or incumbents in a multi-period entry game.
Students take on the roles of attorney and witness as they research cases and then head to trial.
Students take on the roles of prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, and key witnesses.
Students take on various roles.
Students take one and purchase the gift described, wrap it and put it under the tree.
Students take one area of study in depth.
Students take one block each semester.
Students take one class all morning in their major instrument or voice.
Students take one class at a time one night a week, meeting for a four-hour session.
Students take one class at a time, one night a week, meeting for a four-hour session.
Students take one class for five hours daily for two weeks.
Students take one class one night a week, meeting for a four-hour session.
Students take one class per eight weeks.
Students take one compulsory drawing subject in their first year of study.
Students take one compulsory six-point subject in the first year.
Students take one core course and one elective course in their academic area.
Students take one course at a time and proceed through the program on a course by course basis.
Students take one course at a time, with each course lasting five weekends.
Students take one course at a time.
Students take one course devoted to the preparation of their dissertation prospectus.
Students take one course each term.
Students take one course in ethnological methods.
Students take one course per module.
Students take one course per month until the curriculum is completed.
Students take one exam on-campus.
Students take one module at a time.
Students take one of the courses in their major field of study for honors credit.
Students take one or the other course depending on their previous experience in performing arts.
Students take one or two minutes to work the problem individually.
Students take one or two periods to go out and determine the sites and problems of their trails.
Students take one out of several options on offer during the academic year.
Students take one politics course and one arts course.
Students take one principal course at a time and faculty teach one.
Students take one principal course at a time and professors teach one.
Students take one semester of physical chemistry.
Students take one step at a time.
Students take one three-credit course at a time.
Students take one workshop each semester.
Students take on-line quiz.
Students take on-line quizzes and develop own web pages.
Students take only four classes per semester.
Students take only four core accounting courses.
Students take only four years to graduate .
Students take only one course at a time for a little over three weeks.
Students take only one course at a time.
Students take only one course per block and professors teach only one course per block.
Students take only one course per eight-week session.
Students take only one course.
Students take only one semester of general chemistry in their first year.
Students take oral and written exams covering six literary periods and literary theory.
Students take oral, practical, and written exams over each organ.
Students take orders, distribute the papers and account for the funds received.
Students take organic chemistry, biochemistry, anatomy, physiology, economics and statistics.
Students take other classes and meet graduation requirements outside the team block.
Students take our courses in sequence, one at a time.
Students take out loans to finance their studies.
Students take over the whole city.
Students take ownership in maintaining the pages and publishing their work.
Students take ownership of the mini-centers which the class assembles.
Students take ownership of their second computer upon graduating.
Students take part in a high school smoking cessation class.
Students take part in a job orientation program.
Students take part in a job-orientation program.
Students take part in a solar system unit of study.
Students take part in a three to five day orientation in East Java.
Students take part in a variety of sports and activities.
Students take part in a year-round program from ninth grade until high school graduation.
Students take part in acting games and exercises that enhance performance skills.
Students take part in activities that show how ideas connect across the curriculum.
Students take part in archeological excavations at major archeology sites around the state.
Students take part in career development and professional development seminars.
Students take part in classes that teach and reinforce curricular areas.
Students take part in community-based service and learning projects.
Students take part in discussion of postitve and negative agricultural impacts on the environment.
Students take part in discussions and complete a case study.
Students take part in discussions when they go to seminars.
Students take part in drawing activities that involve the design, shape, and composition of masks.
Students take part in faculty-directed shows, student productions, and class presentations.
Students take part in fire drills, tornado and weather drills, and school-bus emergency drills.
Students take part in fun activities in an English language environment.
Students take part in games and contests at their elementary school's field day.
Students take part in group research under close faculty supervision.
Students take part in hands-on, collaborative design activities.
Students take part in improvisation with individual instruments through jazz performances.
Students take part in intra-school or agency competitions to determine a representative team.
Students take part in long-range laboratory planning.
Students take part in many areas of training.
Students take part in many group activities.
Students take part in meaningful units of study which combine classroom studies with field research.
Students take part in regularly scheduled fire drills and review earthquake preparedness procedures.
Students take part in role-plays and other language learning games and activities.
Students take part in the excavations during the summer between semesters.
Students take part in the Palaeontology seminar programme.
Students take part in the process by reading a certain number of the books on the list.
Students take part in the process of writing, editing, taping and production of the program.
Students take part in training excavations in Ireland, Britain and abroad.
Students take pens in hand.
Students take photographs, develop negatives, and make enlargements.
Students take photos.
Students take piano classes during the first two years until proficiency exams are passed.
Students take piano or violin lessons outside of school once a week, as a hobby.
Students take pictures and write body copy and captions.
Students take pictures with a digital camera or scan photos to add to their pages.
Students take place in a tornado drill, lining up along an inside wall and covering their heads.
Students take placement exams, obtain advising, and register for classes.
Students take placement tests in math, chemistry, and languages.
Students take placement tests to determine their level.
Students take placement tests to ensure that they enroll in the appropriate level of courses.
Students take places.
Students take pleasure and pride in being given the opportunity to identify teachers' imperfections.
Students take practica concurrently each semester of the academic year.
Students take practical examinations in laboratory.
Students take practical exams in lab.
Students take practice admission exams and review their academic strengths and weaknesses.
Students take practice exams and explore their weak areas in order to improve.
Students take practice GMAT exams and discuss the answers in small groups and as a class.
Students take practice tests, which feature questions from old tests.
Students take pride becoming more proficient readers.
Students take pride in being self-directed.
Students take pride in monitoring the hallways, entryways, crosswalks, cafetorium, and playground.
Students take pride in their art room, which is a haven for creativity and fun.
Students take pride in their efforts to make a difference.
Students take pride in their school because so much of it is of their own making.
Students take pride in their work.
Students take pride in using products imprinted with their school name and mascot.
Students take pride in wearing and displaying such spirit marks.
Students take primary responsibility for conducting discussions.
Students take private lessons with one of the teachers associated with the string school.
Students take project-based courses and do research for three quarters.
Students take question answers and rewrite the article from another viewpoint.
Students take quiz over material covered so far for accountability and mastery.
Students take quiz.
Students take quizzes individually to demonstrate how much they have learned.
Students take quizzes online using a browser.
Students take regular course loads each fall and spring.
Students take regular or advanced math.
Students take regular speed and skill tests, which help to show student progress.
Students take regular university classes, usually with students of the host country.
Students take regular walks along the trail and learn something new each time.
Students take related work outside their declared areas of concentration.
Students take required core courses relating to the care and maintenance of horses and facilities.
Students take required courses in oral and written communication and in communication technologies.
Students take required, core courses and elective, short courses .
Students take required, core courses and elective, short courses.
Students take responsibility for both their own learning and the learning of their peers.
Students take responsibility for learning and create partnerships between student and teacher.
Students take responsibility for organizing and running most events.
Students take responsibility for personal actions and act ethically.
Students take responsibility for serving specific clients, on or off campus.
Students take responsibility for teaching part of the class sessions.
Students take responsibility for the inter-personal issues and project management issues.
Students take responsibility for the mini-centers which they assemble.
Students take responsibility for their actions and pay the price for having broken a school rule.
Students take responsibility for their learning.
Students take responsibility for their own educational success.
Students take responsibility for their own learning.
Students take responsibility for their room, their health, their campus, and their lives.
Students take responsibility for their success.
Students take responsibility of the program.
Students take risks to meet challenges and make decisions.
Students take risks with the new grammar they're learning.
Students take science year-round, history for one semester and an elective for the other.
Students take seats.
Students take selected courses within the occupational health curriculum.
Students take separate medical, surgical, pediatric, psychiatric, and obstetric classes.
Students take sermon notes on a diary provided at each chapel service.
Students take seven classes plus a seminar class.
Students take seven required courses and three elective courses.
Students take seven subjects each semester in an eight-block scheduling format.
Students take several courses that have been specifically grouped for instructional purposes.
Students take short answer and essay exams.
Students take short cuts.
Students take short quizes on the computer to verify comprehension of each book they read.
Students take short quizzes on the computer to verify completion and comprehension.
Students take shots at a mini basketball goal after spelling word correctly.
Students take simulated depositions of parties and experts.
Students take six core subjects, a performing arts block and an exploratory rotation.
Students take six course units.
Students take six courses each semester, including continuing language instruction.
Students take six courses.
Students take six geoscience units and a further six of their own choice.
Students take six Honours subjects, studied over two years.
Students take six major subjects plus three core experiences.
Students take six modules each year.
Students take six modules in each of the two semesters.
Students take six or more hours of elective courses from the program course guide.
Students take six required courses and four elective courses.
Students take six to eight credits from the courses below.
Students take six units of mathematics, and two units of chemistry in each year.
Students take soil temperature and record.
Students take solid scientific and ecological background courses.
Students take some of their courses in comparative studies and some in other departments.
Students take specialised subjects in agriculture and agribusiness alongside core commerce subjects.
Students take specialized elective courses chosen with the help of a first-year advisory committee.
Students take specific courses based on age, maturity and prior experience.
Students take specific responsibilities for research and development of topics.
Students take starlight hikes and learn more about the natural environment of Southern California.
Students take streamflow measurements.
Students take subjects for either original or repeat credit.
Students take subjects.
Students take summer session courses for many reasons.
Students take ten modules every year.
Students take ten modules per level.
Students take tests and earn grades.
Students take tests by pointing and clicking.
Students take tests by using the Edit Document feature in Netscape Gold.
Students take tests on their computer at the completion of various study modules.
Students take tests online and practice their work in live, real time applications.
Students take tests.
Students take the active part of learning by completing the LAPs in laboratory settings.
Students take the advanced placement examination in Geography.
Students take the advanced placement examination in Macroeconomics.
Students take the advanced placement examination in U.S. History.
Students take the book home to show their parents.
Students take the class at downlink centers, where they work with a trained facilitator.
Students take the class five days a week and leave the school campus for the course.
Students take the class for a lifestyle elective and self-improvement.
Students take the class that is appropriate for their ability, regardless of their grade level.
Students take the classes because they have some learning to do.
Students take the classes in the afternoon, evenings and weekends.
Students take the competency test for the first time in the fall of their junior year.
Students take the comprehensive examination at the end of their final semester in the program.
Students take the core and choose one track.
Students take the core physics courses and an introductory course on business.
Students take the core units and three option units.
Students take the core units plus four option units.
Students take the core units plus one option unit.
Students take the core units plus three option units.
Students take the core units.
Students take the course for continuing education or academic credit.
Students take the course from their computer at work or home.
Students take the course in the fall semester of both their first and second years.
Students take the course in their junior or senior year, or as a graduate student.
Students take the course twice, once at the beginning and once at the end of their project.
Students take the courses during one summer session, a fall semester and a spring semester.
Students take the courses listed below in addition to the core courses.
Students take the courses over two summers and a spring semester.
Students take the exam at the end of the second year.
Students take the examination for the level at which they are currently receiving school credit.
Students take the examination in the last semester of a two-year educational program.
Students take the examination over three class periods.
Students take the exit exam for the first time in the tenth grade.
Students take the exit-level tests for the first time as sophomores.
Students take the first course in the freshman year and the second in the junior year.
Students take the first three and two of the remaining subjects.
Students take the flyers home to select books, software or other items with their parents.
Students take the flyers home to select books, software, or other items with their parents.
Students take the following courses as well as others to obtain a degree in psychology.
Students take the FREE home-study Braille transcription course in their own homes, on their PC's.
Students take the general course first.
Students take the graduation tests for the first time in their junior year.
Students take the initiative for securing their own internships and fellowships or grants.
Students take the initiative in project-based technology programs.
Students take the initiative in publishing a yearbook, a newspaper, and a creative writing magazine.
Students take the initiative in seeking advice from faculty about topics of interest or concern.
Students take the initiative.
Students take the job of being a safety patrol member very seriously and demonstrate good judgment.
Students take the knowledge gained across the program and integrate it to make strategic decisions.
Students take the knowledge gained in the classroom and use it in a submarine simulation edventure.
Students take the language description module first, and the data, theory and method module last.
Students take the language only in part of the course.
Students take the language part only of the course.
Students take the lead by applying for financial aid.
Students take the lead in forming and directing the ministry on campus.
Students take the lead in planning and carrying out many chapel activities.
Students take the lead role in event planning, implementation and evaluation.
Students take the low road when they limit their options.
Students take the major field examination within the year following the general examination.
Students take the marked-up paragraphs they have just received.
Students take the oath of office and assume the role of our nation's leader.
Students take the opportunity to form study groups outside of their regularly scheduled chat rooms.
Students take the opportunity to talk among themselves.
Students take the paragraphs they have just received.
Students take the pediatric sequence and specialized courses in school health.
Students take the petition to the dean's office.
Students take the piano lessons and play the computer math games twice a week.
Students take the professional core courses in La Crosse.
Students take the quiz.
Students take the quizzes in class any time up to three weeks from stated assigned starting date.
Students take the reading and math portions every time they take the test.
Students take the remaining units of the final degree assessment.
Students take the responsibility for managing their personalised programmes of study.
Students take the role of a mayor up for re-election in a town with a racism problem.
Students take the role of a member of a wealthy family in tenth century England.
Students take the role of databases for a search.
Students take the role of field agents.
Students take the role of various members of the production team ranging from host to director.
Students take the roles of various proponents and opponents of the project.
Students take the same courses and labs and complete the same homework, exams, projects, etc.
Students take the same courses Spanish students attend.
Students take the same two compulsory papers as they do for the MSc in Comparative Social Policy.
Students take the same two core papers as they do for the MSc in Sociology.
Students take the seminar during their three semesters in residence.
Students take the skill and functional courses first, followed by the policy courses and electives.
Students take the skills test in class.
Students take the standard course load but get untraditional instruction.
Students take the story home to share with host family members or other teachers.
Students take the survey and review results in a small group setting.
Students take the temperature at the test site as well as at one mile upstream.
Students take the test on the computer.
Students take the test over two class sessions so they can rewrite or revise their compositions.
Students take the test.
Students take the tests as questions continually adjust to each student's response pattern.
Students take the tests each fall and spring in third through eighth grade.
Students take the tests interactively on computers.
Students take the three courses over two semesters.
Students take the time to get to know each other.
Students take the tour of Mexican volcanoes .
Students take the two-hour exam, which is created, monitored and graded by SIUC math faculty.
Students take the unit test.
Students take the usual required courses.
Students take the videotapes home to show parents.
Students take their concept from preproduction to prototype.
Students take their courses at the same location throughout the program.
Students take their cues from the teachers and the children.
Students take their distance learning courses through the online external classes.
Students take their final exams in person at one of the existing campuses.
Students take their first steps on an exciting and rewarding course of lifelong learning .
Students take their footprint and place it onto a grassy patch.
Students take their idioms to a mainstream class.
Students take their instructors very literally.
Students take their kits home and get parental permission to participate.
Students take their meals in the dormitories.
Students take their meals in the hall dining rooms.
Students take their meals with their French family.
Students take their open book examinations in the privacy of their own homes or offices.
Students take their own polls and consider the impacts of a sample size and bias.
Students take their projects home.
Students take their responsibilities to heart.
Students take their tests at the college testing center at their convenience.
Students take their tests on the web site and send their answers to the instructor.
Students take their tests outside of class at any time during the day.
Students take their work VERY seriously, and their parents do, too.
Students take they're schooling very seriously.
Students take things on the web as fact.
Students take thorough notes on their selected pilgrim.
Students take three blended courses in mathematics, science, and multiculturalism.
Students take three college credit courses and three high school courses at the same time.
Students take three comprehensive exams, two written and one oral.
Students take three core courses throughout the year.
Students take three courses in a discipline or area of special interest.
Students take three courses in international focus.
Students take three courses in mathematics and one statistics course.
Students take three courses in the first semester and four in the second semester.
Students take three courses in their major field plus two courses in their minor field.
Students take three courses per semester while studying for the qualifying exam .
Students take three courses per semester, at least two of which are within their faculty.
Students take three courses together and live in the same housing complex.
Students take three elective courses.
Students take three exams on the dates given below.
Students take three language courses and one other course each year.
Students take three major qualifying examinations.
Students take three off-campus laboratory training courses prior to graduation.
Students take three options and submit a dissertation by the end of the academic year.
Students take three options and submit a supervised dissertation by the end of the academic year.
Students take three options and submit a supervised dissertation by the end of the year.
Students take three or four curriculum based field trips each year.
Students take three or four math courses and two intercultural courses.
Students take three or six credit hours.
Students take three papers and a dissertation, with one paper as their major.
Students take three required clusters with a choice of a specialty area for the fourth cluster.
Students take three required track courses and one elective.
Students take three Spanish language classes and one Spanish culture class, taught in English.
Students take three subjects in their first year, and two subjects in their second and third years.
Students take three taught courses and then write a dissertation on a theme of their choice.
Students take three taught courses or their equivalent.
Students take three taught courses, and write a dissertation on one of the three subjects.
Students take three to five classes daily during a rigorous weekly schedule.
Students take three to five modules.
Students take time out of their life and use it to be a servant to others.
Students take time to learn about themselves and each other and begin to look towards the future.
Students take time to think alone.
Students take time to write.
Students take to community stage .
Students take to computers like ducks take to water.
Students take to skywalks for diabetes fund-raiser.
Students take tours of all the divisions within the department.
Students take traditional courses such as English, history, science, math, and physical education.
Students take tremendous pride in viewing their work at an exhibit that is open to the public.
Students take trips to art museums, galleries, artists' studios and sponsor art activities.
Students take trips to nearby businesses, special events and public facilities.
Students take trips.
Students take turn reading a line from the play.
Students take turn reading orally.
Students take turn to throw the die and move forward the number of squares.
Students take turns acting as the turtle on paper.
Students take turns acting the parts out in pairs.
Students take turns asking each other for cards.
Students take turns being coaches.
Students take turns being the caller.
Students take turns being the group leader.
Students take turns being the spider and the prey.
Students take turns bringing breakfast items.
Students take turns calling out character traits, hobbies, favorites, etc.
Students take turns choosing words.
Students take turns clapping erasers over the light.
Students take turns cleaning their school.
Students take turns conducting their class getting louder and softer with their voices.
Students take turns conveying the messages to one another verbally.
Students take turns decorating the pages of the class book.
Students take turns directing and being directed.
Students take turns drawing card and laying face up in a line.
Students take turns following a scenario given by the teacher.
Students take turns guessing locations using the coordinates of the grid.
Students take turns handling the firing of the electric kiln.
Students take turns in the different roles.
Students take turns interviewing and answering questions.
Students take turns introducing each other afterwards.
Students take turns introducing their pair partners and sharing what the pair partners had to say.
Students take turns labeling the overlay with as much as they recall.
Students take turns leading class discussion.
Students take turns leading either the melody or the ostinato.
Students take turns leading the discussion.
Students take turns leading.
Students take turns lecturing with the faculty member present.
Students take turns making a presentation of a published paper related to their research interests.
Students take turns making appointments and reserving their stations.
Students take turns making shadow puppets with their hands.
Students take turns measuring and recording.
Students take turns operating the swift resistivity meter to make a resistivity profile.
Students take turns orally sharing their books with each other.
Students take turns picking two cards.
Students take turns placing a food card under the proper heading card.
Students take turns placing boxes on and under each other to say the names for the objects.
Students take turns practicing batting skills to hit ball off tee.
Students take turns practicing language and sharing about their culture.
Students take turns presenting chapters from the textbook, followed by a discussion.
Students take turns presenting research problems and plans for statistical analysis.
Students take turns pulling items out of the bag.
Students take turns pulling out a piece of paper and acting out what it says.
Students take turns reading aloud.
Students take turns reading and being the police officer.
Students take turns reading decimal names and writing the decimal number.
Students take turns reading the rest of the legends orally.
Students take turns reading their journal entries.
Students take turns reading through the text, one sentence at a time.
Students take turns rolling a die.
Students take turns rolling the die and solving the problems they create.
Students take turns running the governance meetings in a town-meeting style.
Students take turns saying their birth month.
Students take turns selecting a key word.
Students take turns selecting a piece of paper, then acting out the object.
Students take turns selecting and reading a paper to the group, trying to guess who it refers to.
Students take turns sending and receiving materials.
Students take turns setting tables, wearing white aprons.
Students take turns shaking the pizza box and drawing out fraction cards.
Students take turns sharing what they learned, and talking about what others in the group say.
Students take turns sliding down the hill in the stream of water.
Students take turns springing.
Students take turns telling the teacher part of what to write.
Students take turns throwing ghosts at the box from a designated line.
Students take turns throwing.
Students take turns to read the article to other group members.
Students take turns tossing a nerf ball into a trash can.
Students take turns tracing a partner on butcher paper.
Students take turns trying to find a matching candidate pair.
Students take turns turning over two cards as they try to find a matching pair.
Students take turns uncovering pairs of squares to find a match.
Students take turns using the computer.
Students take turns using the peeler.
Students take turns walking across the balance beam using forward, backward, and sideways.
Students take turns wearing blindfolds and listening to a partner drop beans on the table.
Students take turns, one call each.
Students take turns, when their turn is over, they get the next person on the list.
Students take tutorials and studio electives along with art history, theory and criticism.
Students take two academic courses during each term and complete a three term externship.
Students take two academic courses during each term and complete a three term internship.
Students take two academic courses during each term and complete a three-term externship.
Students take two additional laboratory rotations during the first year.
Students take two advanced courses in their chosen sequence.
Students take two classes and participate in developmental and cultural activities.
Students take two classes each evening.
Students take two classes in each emphasis area.
Students take two classes per day during each block.
Students take two classes per semester.
Students take two classes, one each morning and one each afternoon.
Students take two core courses and a core homiletic seminar each of the first two years.
Students take two courses for six to eight credits.
Students take two courses per quarter, one in the morning and a second in the afternoon.
Students take two credits per term.
Students take two four-week courses in Christian understanding of humanity and Eucharistic theology.
Students take two free modules in the second year.
Students take two graduate Spanish courses and receive six credits.
Students take two introductory social work courses along with general education courses.
Students take two Japanese courses and two electives taught in English.
Students take two major classes every eight weeks.
Students take two more doctoral seminars in finance during the third year.
Students take two of the four courses to satisfy Religion requirements.
Students take two of the four linked culture and literature courses.
Students take two of the new modules out of the three offered.
Students take two or three block teaching practices in different schools.
Students take two or three courses a semester in addition to participating in research.
Students take two semesters of English in their first two years at the high school.
Students take two three-credit IES seminars each semester for a total of sixteen semester credits.
Students take two to four years of a foreign language in order to graduate.
Students take two to three tests, depending on their course of study.
Students take two years to complete the endorsement or subspecialization.
Students take two-thirds of their studies in law and the remaining third in the other department.
Students take up the study of economics for different reasons.
Students take up where the beginners class ends.
Students take various community perspectives on issues.
Students take vocabulary quiz.
Students take weekly exams to make sure they are retaining the vast amount of material they cover.
Students take weekly spelling and style quizzes to sharpen writing skills.
Students take what they learn and put it into practice in their hometowns and churches.
Students take what they've learned in the classroom and apply it to real situations.
Students take written and oral exams.
Students take written examinations to maintain and increase entrepreneurial knowledge.
Students take written examinations, and their progress is assessed periodically.
Students take, administer, score and record the results of various standardized tests.
Students take, develop and edit photographs on a weekly basis.
Students take, develop, and prepare pictures for publication. .
Students take, on average, three full-time sessions to complete a level.
Students take, score, interpret and discuss some of the most commonly used psychological tests.
Students takes turns being the cashier and make change.
Students taking a combined degree take four courses of Marketing.
Students taking a course in numerical analysis do so for a variety of reasons.
Students taking a course in part-time mode can pace their study according to their needs.
Students taking a web-based training course have access to that course for a period of six months.
Students taking American studies serve the residents at a local homeless shelter.
Students taking an outside minor can substitute two courses in the minor field.
Students taking both tests receive two separate individual reports.
Students taking charge of their school's destiny has a far greater impact.
Students taking classes for credit get a discount on required materials.
Students taking courses for credit have priority over audit students for class entry.
Students taking courses over the Web also have the option to apply online or via a PDF form.
Students taking developmental classes receive institutional credit for the courses.
Students taking distance courses remain the responsibility of the institution offering the course.
Students taking either course attain two degrees.
Students taking exams outside the U.S. are responsible for return postage.
Students taking fewer than six credits per semester are ineligible for aid.
Students taking four hours during a semester is considered part-time.
Students taking German learn to read, listen, speak, and write the German language.
Students taking graduate applied study for one hour credit receive a half-hour lesson each week.
Students taking more than one class can only complete a repeated project for one class.
Students taking more than one uniform-required course pay only one such fee.
Students taking non-credit coursework receive recognition based on attendance.
Students taking only one class and re-entry students are exempt from the fee.
Students taking our writing courses can take computer assisted classes.
Students taking pride in all aspects of their work is a major step.
Students taking subjects in external mode receive lectures and lecture notes by mail.
Students taking supplementary examinations are liable for a re-examination fee.
Students taking that particular class at other sites watch the instructor on a television monitor.
Students taking the class for college credit have first priority for acceptance.
Students taking the classes for college credits automatically earn certificate units.
Students taking the course have a full timetable in comparison with many undergraduates.
Students taking the course part-time simply take fewer modules each semester.
Students taking the courses earn a total of eight semester hours.
Students taking the CPA exam have better than average pass rates.
Students taking the degree participate in our normal seminar and tutorial arrangements.
Students taking the fashion history programme are now able to purchase the CD-ROM and a workbook.
Students taking the one credit option participate in seminars and panels.
Students taking the programme in sandwich mode spend the third year in an industrial placement.
Students taking the test can use any brand of web browser.
Students taking the trip say they plan to share what they learn once they return to campus.
Students taking three credit hours or less pay full accommodation charge.
Students taking three semesters of performing music courses are exempt.
Students talk a lot and come up with a variety of descriptions.
Students talk about aspects.
Students talk about different relationships with the opposite sex, starting in the sixth grade.
Students talk about events and characters in the book, or personal experiences related to the story.
Students talk about how officials can be contacted.
Students talk about it and discuss who is better at English and who has the best chances to win.
Students talk about living things.
Students talk about peer pressure, stress and decision-making.
Students talk about race.
Students talk about the daily activities of a clown.
Students talk about the duties of elected officials and the responsibilities of citizens.
Students talk about the handout.
Students talk about the movement of others.
Students talk about the tension between the greeks, residence halls and off-campus students.
Students talk about the thinking behind their picture with a small group or the class.
Students talk about their big decisions.
Students talk about their electronic portfolios.
Students talk about their experience in segregated high schools.
Students talk about their lives.
Students talk about their own movement-while they do it.
Students talk about their projects and favourite things.
Students talk about trees in the school yard or park.
Students talk about what people in the class are like or about what they do routinely.
Students talk about what they are reading as they read.
Students talk and answer the questions together, writing their answers on a piece of paper.
Students talk and do chemistry in class.
Students talk back about books they've read.
Students talk back to ads.
Students talk during the presentations.
Students talk freely and share information.
Students talk in pairs about the story and take turns retelling the story.
Students talk in pairs.
Students talk in response to literature in whole-class situations, pairs, and small groups.
Students talk more online.
Students talk on line to their favorite authors and locate material for their science experiments.
Students talk to community members in businesses and neighborhoods about recycling.
Students talk to each other in chat rooms and in threaded discussions.
Students talk to each other, providing immediate feedback and correction opportunities.
Students talk to other students about their teachers, their parents, and other students.
Students talk to the tutor to try doing part of the task.
Students talk together about the work, encouraging each other to learn.
Students talk with a crossing guard then complete a page for their community book.
Students talk with former Volunteers who live in the community.
Students talk with orbiting astronauts about flying in space.
Students talk with parents.
Students talking within their peers are more open than talking to an authoritative figure.
Students tally their favorite fair foods.
Students tap each bottle, listen to the notes, and observe and discuss the different sounds.
Students tap education credits.
Students tap the rim of each cup with a pencil.
Students tape their creations to the walls.
Students tape their index cards to the appropriate space on the timeline.
Students target advertisers, propose circulation and promotion strategies, and set budgets.
Students target company in responsibility campaign .
Students target research on particular stocks they are interested in.
Students target their English skill development toward more specialized language learning goals.
Students taste and evaluate European cuisines and keep a culinary and managerial journal.
Students taste food from each country.
Students taste fruits.
Students taste wines, brews, and distilled spirits.
Students teach actual music lesson in class and in the field under faculty supervision.
Students teach and critique videotapes of their teaching.
Students teach and participate.
Students teach at least two semesters during their career.
Students teach before TV cameras, and videotape recordings are immediately evaluated.
Students teach classes and assist with group leadership.
Students teach classes for less-experienced peers, college interns, and school administrators.
Students teach during the fall term of their senior year.
Students teach each other about their branch.
Students teach each other how to play the game.
Students teach each other skills when working on labs and projects.
Students teach each other technical skills.
Students teach each other through supplemental research tailored to individual business aspirations.
Students teach each other.
Students teach five days per week, seven hours per day in selected schools in the area.
Students teach fundamental language skills to elementary school children.
Students teach high school students about health and fitness issues, etc.
Students teach high school students about health, fitness, and sexuality issues, etc.
Students teach in at least three different grade levels.
Students teach in at least three different school districts.
Students teach in class and receive peer and teacher evaluation and supervision.
Students teach in student teaching centers throughout the state, the nation and the world.
Students teach in the sophomore technique laboratory and the undergraduate endodontic clinic.
Students teach instrumental activity m.
Students teach on the level for which they are suited.
Students teach one another and have a sense of ownership of their education.
Students teach one lesson in each of the subject areas laboratory school children.
Students teach other students in a cooperative environment.
Students teach others interactively and interact generatively with their teacher and peers.
Students teach subjects in which they are the experts to other students during regular school hours.
Students teach the class and are available throughout the week for additional help.
Students teach the next generation of students what they do.
Students teach their rain dance to the class.
Students teach themselves.
Students teach, and learn from, each other.
Students team up to do field exercises.
Students team up to write and present business plans.
Students team up with industry for science projects and internships.
Students team up with other school classes for email exchanges.
Students tear strips of rags to wrap around wire hanger.
Students tell a different tale.
Students tell about their medical school interviews.
Students tell and display what they learn.
Students tell and retell the story to the whole group.
Students tell it like it is.
Students tell of how they can feel the text coming under their control.
Students tell of their struggles and success.
Students tell one important fact about their slide.
Students tell or retell stories orally or in illustrated written form.
Students tell over and over again how their volunteer experience has altered their lives.
Students tell stories about their own feelings.
Students tell the story through a role-play or a written piece such as a newspaper story.
Students tell the teacher the needed Civil War information.
Students tell their stories to their classmates.
Students tell their stories.
Students tell what happened.
Students tell what makes a great college.
Students tell what senses the pictured people are using.
Students tell what they saw.
Students tell which goal their work supports and how it does so.
Students tell why they think something is like it is.
Students tend to adhere more closely to requirements they generate themselves.
Students tend to adopt the manner of their immediate seniors and instructors.
Students tend to approach statistics with a great deal of apprehension.
Students tend to ask for the same schools and cooperating teachers for each of their practica.
Students tend to avoid answering oral questions in class.
Students tend to be braver when offering seemingly objective answers.
Students tend to be dependent rather than independent users.
Students tend to be fully engaged in the life of the schools, and the atmosphere is welcoming.
Students tend to be highly motivated and interested in the courses in which they enroll.
Students tend to be hypercritical of methods.
Students tend to be more attentive and display lower levels of hyperactivity in daylit classrooms.
Students tend to be more critical than teachers of their school's performance.
Students tend to be more of a risk for renters.
Students tend to be more receptive to employers who interview on-campus.
Students tend to be more receptive to tutors who are more directive in the sessions.
Students tend to be motivated by and rise to the highest expectations.
Students tend to be much more engaged in the projects of their peers.
Students tend to be nervous about student-generated quizzes.
Students tend to be older than the average college age.
Students tend to be open to new kinds of living arrangements.
Students tend to be quite impressed by the ideas presented in the videos.
Students tend to be shy about the importance of their own opinions.
Students tend to be the most upset when confronted with larger classes in their majors.
Students tend to be tolerant.
Students tend to be victimized by students of the same age.
Students tend to become absorbed in their work and the atmosphere is incredibly peaceful.
Students tend to become more comfortable after conferencing with their instructor.
Students tend to become passive observers, instead of active learners.
Students tend to blank out if lots of information is given at one time.
Students tend to buy on days that the school is having their favorite meal.
Students tend to call home for help when it usually is right under their nose.
Students tend to car-pool for trips to the mountains, beaches, or Boston.
Students tend to choose their graduate courses from the undergraduate courses they followed.
Students tend to classify objects according to their uses rather than their properties .
Students tend to classify objects according to their uses rather than their properties.
Students tend to clump together into large groups.
Students tend to come from suburban and rural areas.
Students tend to depend far more on each other than on the instructor.
Students tend to desire to participate rather than simply assimilate information.
Students tend to display the attitude that their teachers model.
Students tend to disregard the past.
Students tend to do a job of work, then sit back and let the teacher evaluate it.
Students tend to do much better in classes they enjoy and are more likely to retain the information.
Students tend to do projects with a creative bent.
Students tend to do well in the program because of the hands-on nature of the exercises.
Students tend to earn the same grades in Honors classes that they do in their other courses.
Students tend to enjoy applying their artistic skills to timeline creation.
Students tend to enroll in courses for many reasons.
Students tend to exaggerate the drinking that goes on on campus.
Students tend to feel homesick primarily during their first year away from home.
Students tend to feel let down if that counselor is unavailable.
Students tend to feel stupid when asking questions.
Students tend to find the presence of other people very nerve-wracking and distracting.
Students tend to flourish in writing workshop courses.
Students tend to generalize hints to inappropriate situations.
Students tend to get . . .
Students tend to get into a rhythm and beat it to death.
Students tend to get out of the habit of reading during the summer and lose some valuable ground.
Students tend to get referred back to campus counseling centers because of limited resources.
Students tend to get very confused when they have a number of past papers at their disposal.
Students tend to give great credence to textual material.
Students tend to go outside and play a lot and some also have high fat diets.
Students tend to go their own ways.
Students tend to graduate without any useful skills or abilities.
Students tend to group animals by size and actions.
Students tend to group where they feel most comfortable during conversations.
Students tend to harass other individuals' choices.
Students tend to have a preference for one learning style over another.
Students tend to have four major problems with the Socratic method .
Students tend to have little advance knowledge of the issues that are discussed.
Students tend to have positive experiences with their local landscapes.
Students tend to have the most difficulty with web-based materials.
Students tend to have very specific Logical-Mathematical goals.
Students tend to hoard their wealth until time for grades, which is of course a bad strategy.
Students tend to ignore poorly structured discussion groups.
Students tend to increasingly bring the former while faculty tend to advance the latter.
Students tend to internalize the beliefs teachers have about their ability.
Students tend to keep in touch with their high school friends.
Students tend to keep the toothpicks in one plane.
Students tend to learn a lot more when the classroom is under control.
Students tend to learn as little or as much as their teachers expect.
Students tend to learn more in subjects they spend more time on.
Students tend to learn more through discussion and questioning and sharing.
Students tend to learn more when they are actively involved.
Students tend to leave out a lot of details.
Students tend to listen to their peers more.
Students tend to live up or down to their teachers' expectations.
Students tend to lose concentration when reading out of the textbook.
Students tend to make mistakes.
Students tend to mill about.
Students tend to mimic the methods by rote so that they can appear to achieve the teacher's goals.
Students tend to narrow their list of hypotheses too quickly.
Students tend to open up more online than they do in the classroom.
Students tend to over-schedule themselves.
Students tend to overuse semicolons, which have specific, limited functions.
Students tend to pay attention in a polite yet non-committal way.
Students tend to perform better if they dress as if the activity is worthwhile.
Students tend to perform better if they know what is required in specific detail.
Students tend to perform better when parents are involved in the school.
Students tend to practice medicine near where they have trained.
Students tend to prioritize family over any other activity.
Students tend to race during the chant.
Students tend to rate instructors and courses favorably.
Students tend to rate instructors favorably.
Students tend to react best when they can identify some familiar elements right from the start.
Students tend to rely on rote knowledge rather than seeking a deeper, more conceptual understanding.
Students tend to remember what they visualize and participate in rather than what they hear.
Students tend to resent a new favoritism as much as the old.
Students tend to respond to the comments of a real audience more seriously.
Students tend to retain what they have spent a lifetime building.
Students tend to score higher when there are fewer classroom interruptions.
Students tend to select themselves into the program.
Students tend to sign up for morning classes and look for afternoon work.
Students tend to socialize more in class ,and that's part of learning.
Students tend to spell by sound.
Students tend to spend a lot of time at the lakefront in the long summer afternoons and evenings.
Students tend to spend numerous sleepless nights at their drafting tables trying to meet deadlines.
Students tend to start the application process too late.
Students tend to stick together in groups most like themselves.
Students tend to take a strategic approach to assessment.
Students tend to take advantage of the long weekends produced by their class schedules.
Students tend to take another perspective.
Students tend to take grades more seriously when assignments are consistently and quickly returned.
Students tend to take on responsibility when classes are smaller.
Students tend to think it sounds too serious.
Students tend to think of the usage and sentence correction section as the grammar part of the test.
Students tend to try to use subcontracting without fully realizing the effect on cost.
Students tend to turn every action verb into define or describe.
Students tend to understand and remember when learning occurs inductively.
Students tend to understand heating but often have a misconception about how things are cooled.
Students tend to understand it, how it is derived, and how to use it.
Students tend to use credit cards because of their convenience.
Students tend to use it as a slogan.
Students tend to use the facility independently.
Students tend to view textbooks as anonymous authorities, repositories of unassailable truth.
Students tend to wait until drop and add week to confirm internship.
Students tend to want to find out more about the plant and animals of the desert than anything else.
Students tend to want to keep their objective as open-ended as possible.
Students tend to want to request deferrals too early.
Students tend to work a little harder studying especially if it is for partial credit.
Students tend to work at places they like to frequent.
Students test a dummy for contamination inside the Chemical Defense Training Facility.
Students test a variety of polygons to see if they tessellate by exploring angles.
Students test and compare water samples.
Students test and monitor soil samples from around their school, homes and community.
Students test concepts in creative practice, and demonstrate their skills in performance.
Students test different individuals' ability to focus at various distances.
Students test drive tech-nology before it is purchased.
Students test each paper net by cutting it out and wrapping it around the box.
Students test foods for carbohydrates, fats, and starch, and record and compare their findings.
Students test for coliform bacteria in water samples.
Students test for hidden fat.
Students test for household bases.
Students test for lead in soil collected from a Baltimore public city garden.
Students test for pH, dissolved oxygen, nitrate, phosphate, and turbidity.
Students test hypotheses.
Students test math skills online, or teachers download ready made assessments to give in class.
Students test metal density and explore properties of matter.
Students test on video deal with the expression of emotions in animation, rather than mechanics.
Students test persuasion techniques with simple media presentations.
Students test skills.
Students test surface tension of liquids and put out a candle with a bubble.
Students test the effect of a magnet on various metal objects.
Students test the effect of moisture, lemon juice and sugar on the growth of bread mould.
Students test the sails, which they made themselves, in a wind tunnel.
Students test the water delivered by the windmill for nitrates, bacteria, and other minerals.
Students test their designs with the launcher using different amounts of water and air pressure.
Students test their hypotheses by watching the videotape to see what actually happened in space.
Students test their knowledge interactively and get their test scores.
Students test their knowledge of insect life, and discover new facts.
Students test their knowledge of the American Revolution through a variety of web site games.
Students test their own understanding of concepts.
Students test their schemes and determine the most effective and efficient.
Students test their skills against instructors wearing protective clothing.
Students test their skills and display their talents in a friendly and supportive environment.
Students test their tower on the 'earthquake simulator' in one of our workshops.
Students test their work on video pencil test machines.
Students test various foods for starch and learn which plant parts are used for starch storage.
Students test work hypotheses.
Students testify that internships can be powerful and formative experiences.
Students testing for DO levels also record the water temperature and rate of flow.
Students tests different process parameters and reports their exercise.
Students then act out the inner structures of Io and Europa.
Students then add beans only of the survivors and shake again.
Students then address questions emerging from their first try.
Students then alternate between academic terms and paid work terms to the end of the degree program.
Students then alternate periods of work with periods of classroom studies.
Students then alternate semesters of work and school until their senior year.
Students then analyze data relating to environmental stress and behavior.
Students then analyze the case study and write up a report.
Students then analyze the data and make a three-day weather forecast.
Students then analyze the data to report on the lives of the site's residents during different eras.
Students then analyze the data.
Students then analyze the effects of European contact with native peoples.
Students then analyze the excavated artifacts and reconstruct the invented culture.
Students then analyze what they did by answering the questions at the end of the list.
Students then answer a series of questions about the choices they made in their own performances.
Students then answer each question in turn.
Students then answer other questions on their lists, as possible.
Students then answer questions on a work sheet using vocabulary of shapes.
Students then answer questions posed by the committee members.
Students then apply analysis to their particular chosen sonnet .
Students then apply for admission to the three years of nursing and general education which follow.
Students then apply the consensus ideas to a wide variety of novel situations.
Students then apply the interpretation skills to their own data.
Students then apply their convictions in professional settings.
Students then apply their new knowledge to the five solids they investigated earlier.
Students then apply their plan for sharing with a real cookie or cracker.
Students then apply their understanding in a search to find the center of mass of their own body.
Students then apply what they have learned by designing their individual examples.
Students then are to find where, and what magnitude the earthquake is.
Students then arrange a job-shadowing experience with their mentor and parents.
Students then arrange interviews with prospective employers to discuss the details of the job.
Students then assimilate their knowledge by planning a public health campaign about West Nile.
Students then attempt an exercise by themselves.
Students then attempt to compromise each other's releases.
Students then attempt to confront the same problems and find their own unique solutions.
Students then attempt to find an equation that fits their data points.
Students then attempt to identify the prey.
Students then attempt to solve numerical problems.
Students then attend a workshop at which the research paper is presented by a visiting academic.
Students then attend seminars on interviewing techniques.
Students then audition before a faculty committee, which selects the performers.
Students then author web sites to present their results.
Students then become members of various levels of point clubs.
Students then become responsible for their own travel and living arrangements.
Students then begin a quest to find the perfect apartment and leave the dorms behind forever.
Students then begin by painting the centre of the sunflower with brown.
Students then begin clinical rotations and patient treatment immediately following the second year.
Students then begin editing their reports.
Students then begin preparing for the written qualifying examination.
Students then begin reading, keeping their questions in mind.
Students then begin the assigned exercise.
Students then begin their eight core courses and electives.
Students then begin to assign and delegate work assignments.
Students then begin to explore their own aesthetic in abstract and applied terms.
Students then begin to set the modes, directions, etc. of investigation.
Students then begin to think of themselves as scientists.
Students then begin writing the final draft.
Students then brainstorm additional signal words and list on a chalkboard.
Students then brainstorm ideas of ways they can begin to change habits to help save the earth.
Students then brainstorm what each idiom sounds like it means.
Students then break into rooms to show their skills at storytelling.
Students then bring their completed surveys back to their cooperative group and report the results.
Students then build a model to simulate how precipitation is formed.
Students then build model houses to determine how windows affect passive solar heating of the house.
Students then build on that foundation through courses in their chosen major.
Students then build their houses.
Students then buy the textbook selected by their professor, typically at college bookstores.
Students then calculate the actual distance from the surface of the basketball to the ring of wire.
Students then calculate the fraction of the total for each.
Students then call employers directly to set up interviews.
Students then call on each other as above.
Students then can begin to make connections between geography and themselves.
Students then can check out a laptop for two hours at a time.
Students then can compare their skills prior to learning the strategy with their present levels.
Students then can complete their thesis during the fourth and final semester.
Students then can consider a laptop among their choices for the third and fourth years of study.
Students then can enjoy releasing a freshly hatched butterfly.
Students then can follow one of four recommended emphases to complete the degree.
Students then can opt in or out of a field or company, and maybe land a job offer after graduation.
Students then can pursue their degree without leaving Canada.
Students then can rewrite the paper once, incorporating corrections.
Students then can select a concentrated area of study.
Students then can test test their own water and analyze data from the network.
Students then can use the item in the library for one hour at a time.
Students then carry out the plans using Internet technology.
Students then carry out the research and write the thesis over the next two to three years.
Students then carve, paint, and assemble their cars.
Students then change into their physical education uniform and enter the gym for attendance.
Students then change partners.
Students then change rolls and do another round.
Students then chart the base pairs, and compare it to the actual electrophoresis gel.
Students then check the adjective that fits the appropriate word.
Students then choose a concentration in either policy or administration.
Students then choose a major sequence of study in information systems or statistics.
Students then choose an additional course from either natural science, math or social science.
Students then choose another faculty member as advisor in their second or third semester.
Students then choose another landscape or theme for detailed study and presentation to the class.
Students then choose any animal in that category to illustrate.
Students then choose any two selective courses to complete the minor.
Students then choose at least one area of specialization for more advanced work.
Students then choose at random three pairs of ends and tie each pair together.
Students then choose between a bias towards electronic or mechanical engineering.
Students then choose courses with that focus from each content area.
Students then choose elective classes suited to their specific career path.
Students then choose electives to run through second and third quarter.
Students then choose from a range of available 'option' modules.
Students then choose from several elements which are both physically and mentally challenging.
Students then choose from the eight specializations listed below.
Students then choose further study in either adult education or community management.
Students then choose one or two more classes.
Students then choose one or two objectives to pursue.
Students then choose the classes that best suit their level and interests.
Students then choose the path of their personal interest.
Students then choose three numbers from any horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row on their card.
Students then choose two additional courses from the broad range of economics electives offered.
Students then choose two out of the three chosen questions and write an essay on each.
Students then chop out unnecessary words, take what is left and put it into lines to make a poem.
Students then circle around their canes in one direction and then reverse their direction.
Students then circle the form that they most relate to.
Students then circle the word in text with a marker.
Students then clean up their space and brush their teeth.
Students then clean, mask, and bind each slide in a protective glass mount.
Students then clothe and color themselves to create their flat image.
Students then collaborate to produce a final, fifteen-minute narrative video project.
Students then collate a list of the environmental problems in the catchment area.
Students then collect data on the problem and analyze the data using a spreadsheet.
Students then collect real-world data from a field trip to the California Woods Nature Preserve.
Students then collect, organize and analyze the survey data.
Students then collect, share, and analyze data about the flight of their rotors.
Students then combine all the squares to produce a class wall hanging.
Students then come on campus for at least one semester of full-time work.
Students then come to the front of the classroom in pairs to read the word and definition.
Students then communicate their findings in formal presentations to the class.
Students then communicate via e-mail, exchanging ideas and learning about each others culture.
Students then compare pictures.
Students then compare the cooling rates they measure for objects of different sizes.
Students then compare the findings with their initial predictions.
Students then compare the 'good' and 'poor' catchment management diagrams.
Students then compare the new theories to the traditional knowledge.
Students then compare the plants to show similarities and differences.
Students then compare the properties of each product and are asked to make appropriate conclusions.
Students then compare their answers.
Students then compare their estimates with actual data.
Students then compare their findings with others.
Students then compare their model, first with an aerial photograph, then with a topographic map.
Students then compare their own recordings with the data collected from the partner school.
Students then compare their predictions with the actual spinner.
Students then compete in a poster contest focusing on the positive aspects of avoiding tobacco.
Students then compete in small groups to successfully arrange the words in all the envelopes.
Students then compete to see who can most quickly recompose their entire list correctly.
Students then compile a list of questions.
Students then compile interviews in a class book and take a field trip to a local farm.
Students then complete a oral examinations to be considered a Ph.D. candidate.
Students then complete a sequence of general education course along with studies in the major.
Students then complete a sequence of general education courses along with studies in the major.
Students then complete an evaluative paper based on their experiences.
Students then complete dissertation work at their own pace.
Students then complete one or more climbs and learn how to rappel.
Students then complete one subject from any strand, and three subjects from another strand.
Students then complete online quizzes in preparation for the midterm and final exams.
Students then complete online quizzes to assess their preparation for class.
Students then complete telecourse guide activities related to segments in the video programs.
Students then complete the courses listed in their selected area of specialization.
Students then complete the dissertation and have a final oral examination.
Students then complete the equivalent of six months of clinical fieldwork.
Students then complete the exercises at the end of each section.
Students then complete the final two years of medical school and their chosen residency.
Students then complete the following steps.
Students then complete the relating assignment.
Students then complete their final two years of medical education.
Students then complete their final year of medical school.
Students then complete twelve credits which make up the selected specialization.
Students then complete twelve to fifteen credits which make up the selected specialization.
Students then compose and notate short works based on contrasting forms.
Students then compose and submit a completely different solution.
Students then concentrate in either museum education or teacher certification.
Students then concentrate on a particular field in depth.
Students then conduct research to find out which joints have artificial substitutes.
Students then connect theory to practice through individual or group action projects.
Students then construct a series of stories that describe life just beyond the shore break.
Students then construct an accurate mathematical model of the phenomena.
Students then construct an ideal pioneer kitchen, in pairs, with the materials of their choice.
Students then construct home pages and publish papers on the Web.
Students then contact a volunteer to place the case.
Students then contact each other and form their own car pools.
Students then continue in their advisory roles through their fourth year.
Students then cooperate to create strategies for eliminating litter from our beaches.
Students then copy it at their desks, connecting the cards using pieces of yarn.
Students then copy the lines.
Students then count the cubes.
Students then count the squares covered by the stain to determine the surface area.
Students then create a clay mask that expresses their ideas of certain emotions and qualities.
Students then create a floor plan and conceptual drawing of a house.
Students then create a graph to demonstrate results.
Students then create a holiday picture with crayons.
Students then create a hypothesis that can be answered with the conclusion of their experiment.
Students then create a recipe.
Students then create a timeline of life on Earth.
Students then create a work of art which expresses the relation between themselves and nature.
Students then create a written transcript of the interview and share the results with the class.
Students then create and observe a comet in their classroom.
Students then create collages of pictures related to the demonstration and give short commentaries.
Students then create graphs to interpret their data.
Students then create informational pamphlets to be distributed throughout the school community.
Students then create that presentation.
Students then create their own commercials, using appropriate expressions from the videos.
Students then create their own help-wanted advertisements for summer jobs.
Students then create their own manga using learned vocabulary.
Students then create their own short play to present to the class.
Students then create word webs representing connections between music styles.
Students then create, produce and perform their own original works.
Students then critique the performances through papers and lively classroom discussions.
Students then cross out the same nouns on their paper and replace the nouns with their own nouns.
Students then cue their tapes to representative passages for review with their small groups.
Students then debate the issues discussed in the reference material.
Students then decide on an appropriate representation for the data and justify their selection.
Students then decide their worth, beauty, and utility.
Students then decide upon which offer to accept.
Students then decide whether a circular formation of the life cycle is more appropriate.
Students then decide whether they want their case heard by their area coordinator or the board.
Students then decorate the paper using crayons or markers.
Students then defend the research proposal before a committee of faculty members.
Students then defend their analysis to the rest of the class.
Students then defend their opinions and ideas in written assignments, or during class discussions.
Students then deliver a well constructed speech arguing the validity or invalidity of the topic.
Students then demonstrate how facial tissue can limit the spread of germs through the air.
Students then demonstrate how to treat acutely ill or injured patients.
Students then describe the similarities and differences between childhood in the past and present.
Students then describe the value of each coin in terms of placement on the hundreds chart.
Students then describe their family histories on a web page that they create.
Students then describe what they observe as similar and what they observe as different.
Students then design a container in which to pack items of a fixed size.
Students then design a method to melt the ice in the quickest time possible.
Students then design a term's work based on preferred techniques with guidance from the instructor.
Students then design and carry out experiments to learn something about their mutants.
Students then design and test a prototype using insulating materials and vinyl gloves.
Students then design posters that advocate the proper use of helmet to protect against head injury.
Students then design their own course of study in accordance with their interests and career goals.
Students then design their own experiment to determine what things planaria like and dislike.
Students then design, build, and test a filter for the home market.
Students then design, distribute, and analyze a survey on the issues discussed in class.
Students then determine the average color represented in each larger square.
Students then determine the concentrations of three unknowns from the curve.
Students then determine the percentage of advertisements, in each magazine, for tobacco products.
Students then determine which pen of the various possibilities was used to write the note.
Students then develop a personal plan to enhance their performance.
Students then develop an area of expertise by selecting courses from a wide variety of electives.
Students then develop an outreach strategy to educate other students and community members.
Students then develop multimedia presentations.
Students then develop plans to change personal behaviors.
Students then develop robot programs for assembly and teach all necessary points.
Students then develop seven property descriptors for the liquids they have observed.
Students then develop the concept of similarity and ways of establishing similarity.
Students then develop their own simple journals or postcards.
Students then devise and conduct an intensive research project.
Students then dictate their story to their teacher so the correct spelling is modeled.
Students then discuss and answer a series of questions using all of the information.
Students then discuss and record the consequence of the decisions.
Students then discuss as a class what was reflected in small group discussions.
Students then discuss assigned readings and present papers on publishing topics.
Students then discuss each statement and debate their opinions.
Students then discuss events happening around the world every day.
Students then discuss government policies that are derived from 'their' economic models.
Students then discuss plausible explanations for the company locations.
Students then discuss the pros and cons of each computer-based key.
Students then discuss their ideas with a partner.
Students then discuss their journals in class.
Students then discuss their own personal views on the event and suggest possible solutions.
Students then discuss their responses.
Students then discuss ways to protect their skin from sun and cold exposure.
Students then discuss ways to solve the problem.
Students then discuss whether the person in the video acted lawfully.
Students then discuss, draw, write, and sing about their firsthand experiences.
Students then divide into smaller discussion groups each led by a facilitator.
Students then divide up the work of doing research to find the needed information.
Students then do similar exercise finding the area in square centimeters of a pair of snowshoes.
Students then do the following operations.
Students then do their own research about a locale of their choosing in China.
Students then drag down one colored block for each syllable in the word or phrase.
Students then dramatize what they learn about each figure's influence on history and knowledge.
Students then draw a picture of their choice representing the transformation on their card.
Students then draw a picture to correspond to the word.
Students then draw a second picture in response to a description from a second student.
Students then draw an architectural style out a hat.
Students then draw and color pictures of the site.
Students then draw illustrations depicting scenes from the story.
Students then draw the animal's specialized body parts that keep it safe from enemies.
Students then draw the triangle and color attractively.
Students then draw their classmate's house from the written description, adding embellishments.
Students then draw their own pictures to accompany their paragraphs.
Students then eat their apples, saving all the uneaten parts on their napkins.
Students then edit and proofread their information.
Students then edit their paragraph and print it or save it on their diskette for future reference.
Students then elaborate on their thoughts and ideas.
Students then elect to major in one of seven disciplines.
Students then email their questions, which are then answered by the other class.
Students then embark on a complementary program of study in social policy.
Students then engage in actual payment for their dining selections.
Students then engage in brief small-group discussions with their nearest neighbors.
Students then engage in guided practice, a two-way exchange with the teacher.
Students then engage in individual or group assignments for the other seventy-two hours.
Students then enroll for four years at a graduate institution.
Students then enter the course numbers of six classes they'd like to take in order of preference.
Students then enter the data onto a spreadsheet format.
Students then evaluate the useful life of a product the fourth stage of life cycle assessment.
Students then examine how to save water at home and school.
Students then examine the abnormal functions which occur in selected diseases.
Students then examine the measures taken by DNR staff to manage the problem.
Students then exchange bags and make a list of the contents.
Students then expand or shrink their lists to include no more than ten pilgrims.
Students then expand their research to find what makes up a census division.
Students then explore how other living things make and use sound to communicate.
Students then explore independent directions through personally directed projects.
Students then explore the effect of temperature and a catalyst on the reaction rate.
Students then explore the grounds where the fighting first began at Petersburg.
Students then explore the roles of producers, consumers, and decomposers within in a ecosystem.
Students then fashion their remaining work to suit their career interests.
Students then feel more comfortable in their learning environment.
Students then figure out what the data means and create new knowledge.
Students then fill in the blanks with the appropriate word.
Students then fill in the missing vowels, and as they work, a picture of the passage reveals itself.
Students then find and present the data needed to answer the questions.
Students then find partners and share their notes about areas of concern.
Students then find similar data for a city in the southern hemisphere.
Students then find the difference between actual and estimated number.
Students then finish reading the books and meet again with teachers in a post-conference.
Students then fire a rocket to see if it reaches the pre-calculated height.
Students then focus on a design problem or opportunity and communicate a solution.
Students then focus on either marine fisheries management or coastal zone management.
Students then focus on how to write better rather than on why to write better.
Students then focus on meiosis and do a simulation of recombination.
Students then focus on preferred aspects of the field.
Students then fold the torn part of the helicopter down in opposite directions.
Students then follow the written instructions and begin working on the puzzle.
Students then form companies and work with their partner group to trade locally sourced products.
Students then form peer editing groups to proofread each other's work for technical accuracy.
Students then formulate a solution.
Students then formulate conclusions.
Students then freewrite on the material that they have read.
Students then gain experience in the engineering design process.
Students then gather media and learn technology.
Students then gear their major and elective classes to better reflect their career interests.
Students then generalize the procedure for finding the surface area of any size hollow cylinder.
Students then get an Internet users' card, which is withdrawn if they break the agreement.
Students then get in small groups.
Students then get into groups and work to reconstruct the lecture.
Students then get more concentrated instruction.
Students then get their own story back with the peer editors' suggestions and remarks.
Students then get to draw their own continents.
Students then get to try all the dishes which provides a cross cultural experience for all.
Students then get to work drawing their own vegetables to plant in our kindergarden.
Students then give a presentation to the class on the trip their person took.
Students then give predictions as to what they think the word means.
Students then give the professor a list of group members with master appointments.
Students then go around the room and write a compliment on everyone elses cape.
Students then go back home and implement a heart health awareness program in their own community.
Students then go back to their computers and work independently on their paragraphs.
Students then go off along the beach to sit and watch the sea quietly for at least half an hour.
Students then go on to consolidated school districts which serve surrounding communities.
Students then go on to postsecondary religious studies with no secular component.
Students then go out to undertake a period of internship.
Students then go outside to the track and take turns running sprints.
Students then go through a similar process of essays and an interview.
Students then go to Assisi for orientation.
Students then go to four career interest sessions.
Students then go to the site through the clearing house's link.
Students then go to their classes.
Students then graph number of roll verses number of dice left.
Students then graph their estimation on a class graph using their string.
Students then guess the rendering algorithm for each object in the scene.
Students then hand in the one circle they want to have entered.
Students then have a cross-reference from the diagram to the example and journal entry.
Students then have a few weeks vacation before beginning the semester or academic year.
Students then have about fifteen minutes to create a role play which they show to the other groups.
Students then have about six weeks to create their robot.
Students then have an additional six hours of coursework to select to compliment their studies.
Students then have an individual paper due for their respective classes.
Students then have an opportunity during their breaks to get to know other staff.
Students then have an opportunity to revise their manuscripts and have the works evaluated again.
Students then have immediate access to their assignments from anywhere they can access our web site.
Students then have one place to look for all of their course material available on the Internet.
Students then have small group opportunities on their floors as well as commuter groups.
Students then have the ability to send messages and files to others, both on campus and off.
Students then have the flexibility to choose electives from any of the above areas.
Students then have the holiday break to prepare for auditions.
Students then have the long weekends to acquaint themselves with Italy, France, Germany, etc.
Students then have the option of concentrating in one of several business technology areas.
Students then have the option to choose from one of three emphases.
Students then have the right to request in writing a hearing.
Students then have to consider subtasks and pose possible solutions.
Students then have to listen for the verb form and write it in the blank .
Students then identify and evaluate opportunities and conduct interviews with local entrepreneurs.
Students then identify examples of each in their repertoire and other known music.
Students then identify the solids they find on the filter.
Students then identify various parts of the specimen and compare different insects.
Students then identify, in column three, an emotional response each sound creates when it is heard.
Students then illustrate the page.
Students then implement a simple palindrome checker and a small math tester applet.
Students then implement the plan and study the strengths and weaknesses of the action taken.
Students then improvise bulb and battery holders, and build a variety of different switches.
Students then incorporate their writing into a technology integration project.
Students then indicate a spot on the map, which other students attempt to find on the school site.
Students then infer other ways that germs can get on hands.
Students then infer the types of prey on which the owl fed.
Students then interview a member of the community who works in the chosen field.
Students then interview one another and write one another's stories.
Students then introduce their partner to the class.
Students then introduce their potatoes in pairs, groups or to the whole class.
Students then invent similar problems with which to challenge classmates.
Students then investigate several variables that effect land forms, including land slope and floods.
Students then investigate the three suggested strategies for controlling the spread of malaria.
Students then investigate ways to capture solar energy to heat water in containers and zip bags.
Students then join their friends and eat in our cafeteria.
Students then join whichever Honours scheme they wish in the next year.
Students then judge the dives and calculate the results.
Students then justify their conclusions by creating spreadsheets and generating graphs of the data.
Students then know what to expect, how the facilities are organized, how they can best use the lab.
Students then lead their class through the exhibitions.
Students then learn about animal biology.
Students then learn about how plants reproduce, and observe how insects look up close.
Students then learn about the limiting factors and how they affect populations and environment.
Students then learn about the subject in order to determine the answer to the problem.
Students then learn how to couple light into such fibers, measure loss, and waveguiding modes.
Students then learn techniques for analyzing primary sources.
Students then learn to conduct oral history interviews of their own.
Students then learn to identify animals and discuss adaptations for tides, waves and predation.
Students then learn to use C programming language.
Students then learn to value each artwork independently.
Students then learn what postpartum haemorrhage is and how it occurs.
Students then leave behind their college or university.
Students then leave for a clinical experience in the selected country.
Students then let the plaster set until it is almost hard.
Students then link arms and try to stand up together without using their hands against the floor.
Students then list safety rules for storms.
Students then listen again as the teacher re-reads the poem.
Students then listen to the song several times, filling in as many blanks as they can.
Students then locate other students within the class with the same topic and compare their findings.
Students then log in, and after identifying themselves with their password, take the test.
Students then look at the ways artists read and respond to each other's work.
Students then look for patterns and write the answer algebraically.
Students then look up the definitions in the dictionary.
Students then make a chart listing the food item and the price.
Students then make a model of the average student.
Students then make a sewing project that enhances their hand eye coordination.
Students then make a storyboard about the life cycle of another bird.
Students then make additional observations and predictions related to the objects' densities.
Students then make and use sock puppets to brainstorm things to recycle.
Students then make appointments to use the disk outside of class time.
Students then make appointments with the faculty to receive evaluation.
Students then make it rain with mist bottles and observe the results to the water supply.
Students then make name tags for themselves as their characters and sit in a large circle.
Students then make new hypotheses.
Students then make predictions for the future based on the given information.
Students then make recommendations for improvements on the basis of their analysis .
Students then make the presentations in the second half of the course.
Students then make their own inkblots.
Students then make their various ways home.
Students then match the card with one in their hand.
Students then match their tubes to color standards in tube bank.
Students then measure people s thinking on any given issue or issues.
Students then measure people's thinking on any given issue or issues.
Students then measure the distances and calculate the difference.
Students then measure the lengths, widths, heights, diameters and radii of the different objects.
Students then measure the two distances from the poster.
Students then meet in focus groups of four or five students to work on specific literacy skills.
Students then meet in teams to brainstorm.
Students then meet live animals, some of which are touchable.
Students then meet with an academic advisor and decide which course to elect.
Students then meet with others to explore meaning.
Students then meet with qualified counselors for an interpretation and discussion of the results.
Students then meet with the speaker for further informal discussion.
Students then meet with their academic advisor to plan their studies.
Students then mill about until they see other people's cards.
Students then move from task to task, focusing on common learning activities.
Students then move from the concrete to more abstract mathematics applications.
Students then move into the second phase, the master's program.
Students then move on to brain function.
Students then move on to computer technology where they take apart and rebuild a computer.
Students then move on to the scripted narrative.
Students then move to an activity called Look It Up.
Students then move to cases where an attorney is representing the defendant.
Students then move to the hands-on processes, working with various foundry projects.
Students then move to the subject of identity.
Students then move to the webwork activity page.
Students then move towards an appreciation of the culture of French speaking peoples.
Students then observe fish and the teacher acts out a baby fish drama.
Students then obtain ads and prices from local hardware shops and home supply stores.
Students then open the returned files to observer comments and links.
Students then open the word processing document and read the assignment.
Students then open their web browser.
Students then operationalize the proposal in order to solve the problem.
Students then paint an Impressionist work of their choosing.
Students then paint the mural.
Students then pair of and defend their choice of articles and listen to their partners arguments.
Students then pair off and alternately role-play client and therapist to practice the technique.
Students then pair off and sit facing each other.
Students then pair off to practice sparring.
Students then pair with a classmate to discuss answers.
Students then participate in a hands on demonstration of the effects of intoxication.
Students then participate in a hands-on demonstration of the effects of intoxication.
Students then participate in a hands-on grouping activity.
Students then participate in a negotiation exercise.
Students then participate in a one-day orientation that takes place before the semester begins.
Students then participate in hands-on lab exercises and work with topics and devices discussed.
Students then participate in on-site lab activities or head out to field sites.
Students then participate in related community-service projects.
Students then perform a hands-on, braking distance activity to substantiate their analysis.
Students then perform calculations to see how quickly the sugar is metabolized.
Students then perform learned skills.
Students then perform or record their choices.
Students then perform surgeries in the hope they'll learn something about battle medicine.
Students then perform the reader's theater.
Students then pick up on that energy and are excited in turn.
Students then pick up the finished products.
Students then pitch their second year thesis projects to faculty, which gives the green light.
Students then place a sticker on a chart that depicts which of several activities they enjoy.
Students then place the correct event on the sticky note next to the correct date.
Students then place the fern, paint side down, on the tile and cover it with a tissue.
Students then place their pumpkins on the appropriate places on the graph.
Students then plan and begin to implement a long-term study on acid rain in their area.
Students then plan and design their final product.
Students then plant a seed, care for it, and observe the plant for a week.
Students then play for two weeks as teams with the top eight teams moving on to tournament play.
Students then play the game using the strategies they discovered.
Students then plot their results and compare the spectra.
Students then pose questions to the instructors, both of whom respond to each question.
Students then post and critique answers to the problems.
Students then post answers in reply.
Students then post essays and engage in dialogue about the week's topic - also in the forum.
Students then post the survey results in a prominent area of the school.
Students then post their final drafts in the document section of our nicenet.org class.
Students then practice and perform the play.
Students then practice camera skills, lighting, makeup, sound and editing.
Students then practice in the same manner working in pairs.
Students then practice reading aloud the transcription, possibly to a partner.
Students then practice reading and writing the new material in Labanotation.
Students then practice the grammar rules in communication.
Students then practice the material while following the on screen demonstration.
Students then practice the same procedure using different amounts of force with the nickel.
Students then practice the technique in small groups in the resource room.
Students then practice writing meaningful sentences in teams, then with partners, then individually.
Students then practise delivering their speeches to their partner and then to their group of four.
Students then predict the probable and preferred futures for the Grizzly bear.
Students then prepare a five-year sales forecast for a prospective company.
Students then prepare a teaching experience.
Students then prepare a written report that presents their findings.
Students then prepare graphs of their data.
Students then prepare presentations to share with the community.
Students then present reports to the areas tested if possible.
Students then present the mural in a planned ceremony.
Students then present the results of their work, usually focused on a case, to the full seminar.
Students then present their drawings to the class.
Students then present their essays in class.
Students then present their findings in a research paper.
Students then present their findings to the class visually, orally, or both.
Students then present their golf course to others in the class, and answer any questions.
Students then present their information to the class.
Students then present their models taking the time to explain smaller details.
Students then present their polyhedra.
Students then present their research findings to the campus community.
Students then present their responses to the industry representatives.
Students then present their solutions to their fellow classmates.
Students then present their works of art to the class and participate in a class discussion.
Students then press a switch or touch the keyboard to become active learners.
Students then pretend they are holding a candle and slowly exhale to blow out the flame.
Students then print their work from the word processor.
Students then proceed directly to the picnic table pavilion.
Students then proceed through the series of courses at right.
Students then proceed to a series of questions and problems to apply what they have learned.
Students then proceed to complete the majority of coursework online, via the web.
Students then proceed to conduct hands-on research, using real materials.
Students then proceed to implement and test their design.
Students then proceed to specialized studyprograms .
Students then proceed to work through the instruction at their own pace.
Students then proceed to write poems about their own families.
Students then proceed with installation, usually with assistance from volunteers and the client.
Students then produce a creative narrative based on the insect of their choice.
Students then produce a product that can be shared with all classes.
Students then produce an ethnography of their own.
Students then produce their own magazine.
Students then progress from flights only a few feet off the ground to high altitude soaring.
Students then progress through the program, and become aligned with a specific discipline.
Students then progress to computers and computer-controlled machines.
Students then progress to planing, riding and jibing.
Students then provide a laboratory report based on the combined data of the section.
Students then pursue more specialized course work in neuropharmacology and neuroscience.
Students then put surgical slippers over their shoes to hull the parched rice in a plastic tub.
Students then question the teacher about the content.
Students then rank the foods according to the amount of fat each food has.
Students then reach forward to see how far they can stretch.
Students then read and discuss a short article on climate change.
Students then read and web one on their own, and follow with a group web.
Students then read their books at their own pace.
Students then read their books, at their own pace.
Students then read their clues one at a time while the class tries to guess what their relatives do.
Students then read their sentences aloud.
Students then read their sentences to the cross- age tutors and illustrate the sentences.
Students then read their statements while the rest of the class decides who is the real character.
Students then read their stories aloud.
Students then receive a card they can show at their dining location to receive the discount.
Students then receive a final report about the validity of their hypothesis.
Students then receive a grade of A through F for each integrated module.
Students then receive a print out of their classes.
Students then receive an enrollment packet within two weeks of their acceptance to the university.
Students then receive extra instruction time in the library.
Students then receive feedback on their performances.
Students then receive individual feedback based on their level.
Students then receive the hand-out concerning the rabbit and hare.
Students then receive their final stipend check and say last good-bye's to their friends.
Students then reconvene the final week to discuss their experiences.
Students then record data on field sheets, after measuring site to determine perimeter and area.
Students then record their choices onto the table in question one of part four.
Students then record their names and accomplishments above the timeline in the proper location.
Students then record themselves reading a passage that has been provided.
Students then recruit their peers to give blood.
Students then reflect in some form on how the two spheres interact.
Students then reflect in their journals from the perspective of the individual roles they played.
Students then register at the time and date indicated on their permits.
Students then relate the concept to processes in the human organism such as the movement of blood.
Students then repeat the exercise on their own, first in pairs and then individually.
Students then repeat the exercise with a hand lens.
Students then repeat the lab.
Students then report and explain their conclusions in writing.
Students then report back their findings in two minute mini seminars.
Students then report back to a large group or to the teacher.
Students then report back to the large group.
Students then report on the activities in the local media.
Students then reproduce assigned drawings on a variety of output devices.
Students then research additional primary sources to compile a scrapbook for a hypothetical child.
Students then research and debate plans for land redistribution in Zimbabwe.
Students then research and list the common plants and animals in their biome.
Students then research more information about the role of their tree in the environment.
Students then research the social issue.
Students then research what scientists actually had to say on the subject.
Students then research, debate, and revisit earlier claims.
Students then respond to the questions as well as each other's responses.
Students then retell what they have read to their group.
Students then return to complete the medical program.
Students then return to the college for a second summer of course work to complete the program.
Students then return to the various topics to make corrections as they wish.
Students then return to their teams and take turns teaching.
Students then reveal their decisions to each other and record their scores o the score sheet.
Students then revise and edit both their own work and others'.
Students then revise their drafts for submission.
Students then revise their stories.
Students then revise three of their best papers to be graded.
Students then revisit the activity, look for patterns, and write the answer algebraically.
Students then rewrite the piece in response to their editors' suggestions.
Students then ring the bell and record their observations.
Students then rotate roles.
Students then rotate to a new partner.
Students then run confirmation tests on the cations.
Students then save their portion of each discussion into their working portfolios.
Students then schedule an appointment for the interview.
Students then search the web for cluesto finish their assignment.
Students then see only the parts of the pages appropriate for their level.
Students then select a concentration area either in management, accounting, or economics.
Students then select a faculty advisor and develop a dissertation project.
Students then select a planet and design a probe to explore it.
Students then select a topic research it and use the camera to generate pictures and mini clips.
Students then select advanced courses in their area of research interest.
Students then select an area of concentration in biology, chemistry or physics.
Students then select an item on or near each wall and represent it.
Students then select courses and activities in which they wish to participate.
Students then select courses in which they wish to participate.
Students then select either the general economics or business economics option.
Students then select electives based on individual interests and career objectives.
Students then select five cities and collect data from national weather websites.
Students then select four optional modules from a choice of nine in the second semester.
Students then select from their offers.
Students then select one course from the other two management foundation courses.
Students then select one language.
Students then select other courses in their primary interest area.
Students then select seven elective modules in keeping with their vocational objectives.
Students then select seven elective modules which are in accord with their vocational objectives.
Students then select six additional units from the remaining elective units.
Students then select the additional nine units from a limited list of courses in three categories.
Students then select the booths they'd like to operate on market day.
Students then select the methods and apparatus needed to make progress toward finding an answer.
Students then select two courses from each of the following areas.
Students then select two courses from each of the following three areas.
Students then select which course suits their interests.
Students then select words from a word box to complete three sentences about the object drawn.
Students then sell the individual rolls to classmates and friends.
Students then send letters to government officials.
Students then serve as tour guides for their own particular museum section.
Students then shake, shake, shake the jar.
Students then share about their choices and the importance of that job.
Students then share and compare their responses.
Students then share and discuss their answers.
Students then share and discuss their responses.
Students then share the comic book with other students and other classes.
Students then share the parts of speech they found in their newspaper articles with the class.
Students then share the responses they have recorded with the rest of the class.
Students then share their answers in pairs, small groups, or with the class as a whole.
Students then share their answers while the teacher writes responses on the board.
Students then share their answers, and the teacher jots down responses on the board.
Students then share their answers, and the teacher writes responses on the board.
Students then share their answers, and the teacher writes their responses on the board.
Students then share their answers.
Students then share their discussions with the whole class.
Students then share their information with their group.
Students then share their letters in small groups or as a whole class.
Students then share their lists with the class as the teacher writes suggestions on the board.
Students then share their lists, and the teacher writes responses on the blackboard.
Students then share their lists, and the teacher writes their responses on the board.
Students then share their lists.
Students then share their notes while the teacher puts a suggestions on the board.
Students then share their poems with the class.
Students then share their questions and answers in a small group.
Students then share their questions and answers in small groups.
Students then share their research reports with the rest of the class.
Students then share their responses and discuss the role of voting in a democratic society.
Students then share their responses and discuss their opinions on public prayer.
Students then share their responses to the quote.
Students then share their responses, and the teacher creates a list of responses on the board.
Students then share their responses, focusing on the very different possible connotations of each.
Students then share their responses, offering their examples to support their opinions.
Students then share their responses.
Students then share their sentences in small groups.
Students then share their solution with class.
Students then share their speculations about the quote.
Students then share their views.
Students then share their writings.
Students then show ads and rest of class guesses product.
Students then show what they have found to other students in the class.
Students then sign an indenture using a quill pen and divide into smaller workgroups.
Students then sign up for an interview with representatives of the company.
Students then signal when they have located the information, and one is chosen to read aloud.
Students then simulate or describe sample collection procedures, including blanks and duplicates.
Students then sit.
Students then smooth decoupage over the outside of the egg and napkin.
Students then solve a proportion to find the unit price of each product.
Students then solve, discuss, and critique each other's solutions.
Students then specialize by taking four required courses in a career options.
Students then specialize in issues of public policy and management.
Students then specialize in marketing during their senior year.
Students then specialize in one area of emphasis.
Students then specialize in one of twelve tracks, or they can develop their own specialization.
Students then spend a period of nine weeks in school followed by three weeks of vacation time.
Students then spend four thirty minute sessions in round table discussions with the entrepreneurs.
Students then spend it on education.
Students then spend six months redesigning the system for the company.
Students then spend some time excavating both historic and prehistoric artifacts from the sand.
Students then spend the entire quarter developing the product.
Students then spend the next two years taking more courses directly related to their major.
Students then spend the remaining two years taking more courses directly related to their major.
Students then spend time at the training site after orientation.
Students then spend two months conducting field research.
Students then spend two years completing the internship requirement.
Students then staple their papers onto the back of their tombstones.
Students then start to form hypotheses and experiment by posing their hypotheses in their questions.
Students then start working on rough drafts putting one fact compared to earth per page.
Students then stir the cups thoroughly each taking a turn.
Students then stretch the rubber bands measured amounts, and let go.
Students then study how resolution and image contrast are affected by microscopical adjustments.
Students then study joint campaign planning in both the deliberate and crisis action environments.
Students then study the cells and their sub-microscopic parts.
Students then study the differences between humus, sand, and clay.
Students then study the patterns of change in quadratic equations more closely.
Students then study units in geometry, fractions and decimals.
Students then submit a report at the end of the semester.
Students then submit essays, recommendations, transcripts and self-assessments.
Students then submit the form to the college to which they wish to transfer.
Students then submit written applications.
Students then summarise and report their findings.
Students then summarize and share their findings.
Students then support or refute affirmative action in persuasive essays.
Students then switch roles and repeat.
Students then switch roles for a second passage.
Students then switch roles.
Students then switch web pages with a partner.
Students then tackle their first Milestone.
Students then take a field trip to the California Woods Nature Preserve.
Students then take a placement exam and pursue intensive language study for a month.
Students then take a sheet of notebook paper and fold it lengthwise to form two columns.
Students then take a short quiz on the computer.
Students then take a short, objective quiz on the computer.
Students then take a test to determine comprehension of that book.
Students then take any three of the selectives listed below.
Students then take any three of the seletives listed below.
Students then take both required and approved technical elective courses to complete their program.
Students then take courses in both the law and business school for the remaining two years.
Students then take courses in both the law and business schools for the remaining two years.
Students then take design and manufacturing classes.
Students then take field courses based on their interests.
Students then take home one to two hours of homework each night.
Students then take home the activity to complete the discussion questions and the graph.
Students then take it in turns to turn over a card and ask the particular questions on the card.
Students then take part in a supervised practice program.
Students then take questions, if any, from the audience.
Students then take tests on the books they have read and score redeemable points.
Students then take the assessment tests and receive the results.
Students then take the less intensive French language course as well as elective courses.
Students then take the skills and create a video from initial idea to final edited product.
Students then take the track for lead and follow sessions.
Students then take their messages to elementary and secondary schools in their communities.
Students then take their tests and forget the material a few weeks or months later.
Students then take their video tapes home to share with their families.
Students then take three, year-long regular university courses.
Students then take turns entering their features into the computer program the teacher has set up.
Students then take turns introducing other students to the class.
Students then take turns placing their pictures on the graph in the appropriate place.
Students then take turns saying the problem on their flying saucers along with the answers.
Students then tape their program at the station, and it is aired during the early morning hours.
Students then tell each other what they think the book is about.
Students then test a selection of objects to find out if they are conductors or insulators.
Students then test patterns in muslin for fit and proportion.
Students then test the resulting polymers to determine how additives alter physical properties.
Students then test their predictions.
Students then trace the graph to see the corresponding coordinates and equations.
Students then trace with glue and put glitter on it.
Students then trade instruction sheets, and follow the directions on someone else's.
Students then trade papers and try to read each other s tongue twisters.
Students then transfer their stories to the pots.
Students then transfer to an engineering school, where they take junior-level engineering courses.
Students then turn to a partner and share their responses.
Students then undertake both individual and group change projects.
Students then undertake original laboratory research leading to the Ph.D. dissertation.
Students then use a compass and pacing to make a simple map.
Students then use a computer simulation to compare their results to a computer model of a wing.
Students then use a computer simulation to play the game.
Students then use a hand lens and a tape measure to make further observations.
Students then use a hand lens to examine the deposit left on the filter.
Students then use a variety of resources to create a brochure for their career pathway.
Students then use a web browser to view and evaluate their own projects as well as their peers.
Students then use any drawing program to draw dinosaurs that fit into that category.
Students then use concept mapping to gain understanding of the ecological concepts being learned.
Students then use data folders to keep track of their own progress.
Students then use email to share their project with their counterparts from the other school.
Students then use engineering software or visit pre-determined web sites related to engineering.
Students then use geometric and number patterns to predict the next three triangular numbers.
Students then use mathematical words and symbols to describe the pattern in equivalent fractions.
Students then use pairs of numbers to describe the data they collected about flipping two coins.
Students then use real scientists' tools to generate, gather, visualize, and analyze real data.
Students then use repeating the same directions as above.
Students then use resources to define terms and learn about the market.
Students then use the data they collected to create and analyze a class line plot.
Students then use the expression words, to draw and write their own cartoon.
Students then use the forums to exchange information and debate topics.
Students then use the information they gather through the test to identify the mystery matter.
Students then use the tool to create a dynamic picture of their networks.
Students then use the wall to identify equivalent fractions.
Students then use their answers to form a written argument that resolves the dilemma.
Students then use their ideas to formulate a coherent plan to present to lawmakers.
Students then use their individual lunch card to purchase meals.
Students then use their map skills to find the location, longitude, latitude, etc.
Students then use their sources to gather information about the country their group discussed.
Students then use two spring scales to compare the mass of objects.
Students then use what they learn to create messages of their own.
Students then use words and symbols to record the comparison.
Students then view it on individual scopes for themselves in the lab.
Students then view plankton on a projecting microscope.
Students then view plankton samples on a projecting microscope.
Students then view the film, the teacher pausing at times to discuss what is happening.
Students then visit the mill, manor house, tenant farmhouse and farm.
Students then vote and answer concerns voiced by real constituents.
Students then vote for the relief effort they want to support.
Students then vote in favor of or against the proposal, and discuss the outcome.
Students then walk around the school grounds or a bushland area and identify the tree types present.
Students then watch as the water is poured through a filter and becomes clean again.
Students then weave one composition into the other.
Students then work at centers to gain further practice in estimating.
Students then work at stations to gain more experiences with fractions.
Students then work closely with their advisors as they perform their thesis research.
Students then work in an organisation for four to five weeks.
Students then work in groups to color each continent in a different color and color the oceans blue.
Students then work in groups to create a workable system of measurement.
Students then work in groups to solve the clues and locate the other schools.
Students then work in groups to write, plan, videotape and edit their films.
Students then work in pairs to edit and revise their compositions.
Students then work in small groups to create their own planned communities.
Students then work in small groups to produce public service announcements for their final project.
Students then work in small groups to write original blues songs.
Students then work in small groups, analyzing various poems by Yeats using varied written forms.
Students then work in teams to design a smaller research project.
Students then work in teams to edit and produce the paper.
Students then work in teams, focusing on an actual industrial situation.
Students then work individually executing their part of the project.
Students then work individually in settings within the community.
Students then work individually on problems appearing on their terminals.
Students then work individually, in a small group, or as a whole, completing specialized units.
Students then work off-line to analyze the data.
Students then work on a first revision which is again subject to discussion in their small groups.
Students then work on answering their questions in different types of writing projects.
Students then work on assignments related to the topic.
Students then work on essay drafts for each unit.
Students then work singly or in pairs to prepare work.
Students then work through problems in the text.
Students then work with the agency contact person in defining the project and doing the work.
Students then work with their groups to take notes from the book in the appropriate box.
Students then write a brief set of sentences about one of their relatives.
Students then write a difficult exam to find out whether they can go on to further education.
Students then write a final draft and hand it in with all their notes and drafts.
Students then write a letter to someone of their choice.
Students then write a one-page report that explains their conclusions and discusses their method.
Students then write a paper on their project.
Students then write a personal reflection and share.
Students then write a simple program to check switch settings and turn on a light emitting diode.
Students then write a story about the spider.
Students then write a summary report providing an overview of the testing program.
Students then write a very brief summary under each heading and sub-heading.
Students then write about life in a viewer bag.
Students then write about the painting they find most appealing.
Students then write about their experience in a short paper and give a presentation to the class.
Students then write about what they learned.
Students then write about what they like to eat.
Students then write an essay describing a mill girl's life.
Students then write and perform examples of triads.
Students then write and solve their own problems within the same context of dividing subs.
Students then write cinquain to accompany their masks.
Students then write essays discussing what they learned.
Students then write group sentences using words from the wall.
Students then write letters to the editor expressing their opinions.
Students then write mystery clues about shape of their choice.
Students then write reports based on the research.
Students then write short reports and design posters highlighting the similarities.
Students then write short stories to chronicle their travels.
Students then write songs expressing their own feelings about their homeland.
Students then write their final copies on raindrop-shaped pieces of construction paper.
Students then write their final copy.
Students then write their own story on how it feels to be a fairy tale character.
Students then write their report in whatever format their classroom teacher decides.
Students then write their response.
Students there admit that the game had been getting out of hand, anyway.
Students there are also largely powerless to affect their school communities.
Students there are furious at being charged to attend their graduation ceremony.
Students There are numerous advising options for students.
Students There are usually fewer than ten linguistics majors in a given year.
Students there can get one of six bachelor degrees or two master degrees .
Students there can get one of six bachelor degrees or two master degrees.
Students there can review syllabi, take exams, and check their grades online.
Students there can take classes here, and vice versa.
Students there can take their finals up to a year after their courses are over.
Students there cooperate in their general life.
Students there earn either bachelor's or master's degrees in physical therapy.
Students there prepare for a career or profession in a technical area.
Students thereby acquire a rigorous training in independent thinking and analytical skills.
Students thereby become active participants in the world of geometry which is now approachable.
Students thereby engage in in-depth reading and discussions on current research topics and methods.
Students thereby gain the analytical and practical skills sought after by employers.
Students thereby have access to a full range of campus and Internet services.
Students thereby observe the requirements of all four units.
Students thereby receive instant analysis of their data and of their progress in chemistry.
Students therefore can read a wide array of reactions and impressions.
Students therefore develop an appreciation of the power and control of nature over mankind.
Students therefore eat kyuushoku in the homeroom with classmates and the homeroom teacher.
Students therefore get to know each other well and often work together.
Students therefore have access to contemporary and highly relevant research.
Students therefore have an opportunity to think deeply about one stimulus.
Students therefore have considerable time and freedom to pursue their education.
Students therefore have easy and abundant access to professional grade equipment.
Students therefore have most afternoons free to engage in the activity of their choice.
Students therefore have the opportunity for overseas study and fieldwork.
Students therefore take compulsory papers in several core areas.
Students therefore take six modules in each half of the degree.
Students think about human sexuality, research, and issues in the context of their own lives.
Students think about it alone for five minutes or less, then pair up to discuss their views.
Students think about math concepts before doing math problems.
Students think about starting companies.
Students think about the predator-prey relationship qualitatively.
Students think about the question and a response before class.
Students think about their dependence on electricity and other forms of energy.
Students think about their own pet.
Students think and talk about all of the ways they learn science.
Students think and talk about the issue.
Students think and talk about their top- ics.
Students think and write freely.
Students think battery power is the wave of the future.
Students Think Creatively .
Students think critically about what they read, view and hear.
Students think directly in the foreign language.
Students think in the foreign language.
Students think individually about the question that's up for discussion.
Students think it's kind of hokey, but they admit it works.
Students think more carefully when they have to put it in writing, even if it's in cyberspace.
Students think of and discuss other ways that plants and animals rely on each other.
Students think of as many different uses for different objects e.g. a brick.
Students think of classes.
Students think of the consequences for their own behavior and notify their own parents.
Students think of the faculty as successful professionals.
Students think of themselves as investigators as they learn new ways to approach problems.
Students think of things from an ant's point of view and then write the human translation.
Students think science is the most difficult subject.
Students think strategically to solve problems.
Students think that if one is good, then two is better.
Students think that they've been had.
Students think they are too good, or too cool to wear rain gear.
Students think they are what their grade is.
Students think they can successfully deal with the situation by avoiding the harasser.
Students think they know what to expect.
Students think visually.
Students think when they are asked to write or speak and when they work together.
Students thinks while reading.
Students thirst for experiences that confirm that they belong in college.
Students thoroughly enjoy expanding such multimedia projects at home.
Students thoroughly enjoy the challenge of the year abroad.
Students thoroughly research creative organizations.
Students thoroughly research their ancient civilizations use of the kite.
Students thoroughly review elementary number theory, fractions, decimals, and percents.
Students thoughtlessly use their validines on food, cards, beenie-babies or sodas.
Students thrive in a positive atmosphere of school spirit and cooperative learning.
Students thrive in our unique culture.
Students thrive in the family atmosphere where teacher and aide are addressed by first names.
Students thrive on personal attention.
Students thrive when educators and parent volunteers form a partnership.
Students thrive when they are asked to be thinkers.
Students thrive when they experience the personal relevance of their learning.
Students thrive when they learn the language of the writer.
Students thrive while gaining complementary skills in acting, voice, dance and career management.
Students throw a dice to work out the value of an expression.
Students throw balls.
Students throw the discus, javelin, and shot-put and run races.
Students throwing items out of the windows are subject to disciplinary action.
Students thus acquire communicative and practical language skills.
Students thus acquire diverse skills that are applicable to varied careers.
Students thus become machines for exams.
Students thus become more capable of thinking independently.
Students thus experience first-hand the theories and dilemmas contemplated in the classroom.
Students thus gain a greater appreciation of their own and other cultures.
Students thus gain the advantage of being under the guidance of active learners in the classroom.
Students thus have access to the resources of one of the world's great centers of theological study.
Students thus have enough time to prepare further on their own.
Students thus have many opportunities for experience with linguistically diverse groups.
Students thus have the opportunity to experience total immersion within the language.
Students thus have the opportunity to gain a better understanding of their coursework.
Students thus have the opportunity to sample a breadth of fields and periods.
Students thus have two network options to connect their own laptop computers at any study location.
Students thus increase access to justice.
Students thus learn to apply design patterns to maximum benefit.
Students thus perform a useful community service while learning.
Students thus progress from merely listing facts to making assertions.
Students thus provide a resource for one another's scholarly development.
Students thus receive excellent training with the most modern equipment.
Students thus see the potency of their ideas in a safe environment of peers.
Students thus turn first to their peers for answers to questions and only last to the teacher.
Students thus work with peers and see their teachers, at least on screen.
Students tie classroom theory with real job experience, one of the hallmarks of a liberal education.
Students tie together many of the earlier ideas of the text.
Students to apply academic knowledge.
Students to apply basic principles.
Students to apply basic scientific principles.
Students to apply knowledge.
Students to apply methods.
Students to apply principles.
Students to apply scientific methods.
Students to apply scientific principles.
Students to become members.
Students to become thinkers.
Students to build robots.
Students to complete activities.
Students to complete assignments.
Students to complete extension activities.
Students to complete tasks.
Students to develop awareness.
Students to develop cognitive skills.
Students to develop skills.
Students to discuss concepts.
Students to discuss consequences.
Students to discuss ideas.
Students to draw conclusions.
Students to explain results.
Students to explore engineer principles.
Students to explore ideas.
Students to explore own ideas.
Students to explore possibility.
Students to explore principles.
Students to find answers.
Students to gain insight.
Students to gain knowledge.
Students to go homes.
Students to identify appropriate options.
Students to identify examples.
Students to identify options.
Students to identify problems.
Students to learn laboratory skills.
Students to learn mathematical skills.
Students to learn mechanical skills.
Students to learn practical skills.
Students to learn skills.
Students to learn techniques.
Students to make observations.
Students to meet requirements.
Students to participate in activities.
Students to participate in motion.
Students to participate in research activities.
Students to practice observation skills.
Students to practice skills.
Students to practice techniques.
Students to pursue careers.
Students to share knowledge.
Students to share thoughts.
Students to study electric fields.
Students to study fields.
Students to take advantage.
Students to take notes.
Students to understand principles.
Students to use critical skills.
Students to use critical think skills.
Students to use knowledge.
Students to use skills.
Students to use think skills.
Students to write paragraphs.
Students together formulate key points which their small groups have identified.
Students too can use math to explore sports.
Students top five career choices differed by race as well.
Students tops in nation.
Students toss a ball of yarn around a circle, complimenting each other.
Students toss an inflatable globe around the circle.
Students toss an inflatable globe around the room.
Students toss around pillows and find comfortable spaces to sit.
Students toss beanbag onto the game board and identifies the letter it lands on.
Students toss beanbag onto the game board.
Students toss the ball at the board while the board is held at different angles.
Students toss the globe one hundred times and catch it with open hands.
Students toss two bean bags.
Students toss two number cubes to find an ordered pair which they graph on the coordinate plane.
Students touch a series of pictures to activate each line of a song.
Students touch real fossils, and learn why studying prehistoric life is relevant to their own lives.
Students touch the number that they think is right.
Students touch, cut, examine, measure, and reason in real time.
Students tour a camera rental house, lab and post-production facility.
Students tour a clinical facility as part of the course orientation.
Students tour health facilities and participate in community service projects.
Students tour media facilities, meet alumni and have one-day office visits.
Students tour Paris couture houses.
Students tour plants to analyze the extent and potential of the philosophies.
Students tour several regional printing and publishing businesses each semester.
Students tour the building and meet the teachers and other staff.
Students tour the campus and participate in a full day of informative and entertaining activities.
Students tour the campus and the various food service units and meet the staff and employees.
Students tour the city, visit sites of cultural or entertainment interest, and go shopping.
Students tour the record room at the county courthouse.
Students tour the track with instructors to learn the proper line around the course.
Students tour the Village in groups with a school supervisor answering the questions in the booklet.
Students trace and map out their skeletal structure through touch and movement.
Students trace around one of their feet.
Students trace each other s body outlines.
Students trace from a tagboard pattern, the top portion of the bell on the black paper.
Students trace international criminals by tracking down their credit cards.
Students trace routes on a map, identify and locate tourist attractions, and explore their state.
Students trace the animal, cut it out and fasten it to a craft stick.
Students trace the bottom portion of the bell onto tagboard.
Students trace the development of the child in the physical, affective, and cognitive domains.
Students trace the development of various body systems.
Students trace the evolution of current psychological thought.
Students trace the formation on the number.
Students trace the formation right on the letter.
Students trace the historical development of important legal and political concepts.
Students trace the historical evolution of nursing as a means of understanding our present status.
Students trace the history of the American labor movement from colonial times to the present.
Students trace the outline of their town on paper.
Students trace the pathway of information through the neurons from fingertip to brain and back.
Students trace the source, processing and use of different minerals and rocks.
Students trace their left on hand on their paper.
Students trace to find the point of intersection of the two functions.
Students trace whole words in lower case.
Students track a particular story which often originates as a feature in a student news magazine.
Students track animals, stalk and follow tracks, both night and day.
Students track cases from their appearance on the docket until an opinion is handed down.
Students track chemical pollutants such as nitrogen oxide, nitrogen dioxide and ozone.
Students track prejudice and human rights issues in current newspapers or on the Web.
Students track progress in personal to-do list and communicate with instructors via Internet.
Students track root growth in cuttings and take home an ivy in a cup.
Students track the development and movement of storms as the occur.
Students track their learning progress and monitor other issues they identify.
Students track their purchases weekly to see gains and losses.
Students track through the program in a variety of ways.
Students track water consumption.
Students trade and estimate solutions to one another's problems.
Students trade cash grain, futures, and options in a weekly simulation exercise.
Students trade commodities via a satellite information system.
Students trade disks and let their pals use their computers all the time.
Students trade foreign exchange on a computer-based simulator and solve quantitative problems.
Students trade gameboards and play games created by other students.
Students trade the drafts of their writing, and edit the work of their peer.
Students trade worksheets with their partners and answer each other's questions.
Students traditionally can expect support to attend at least one national meeting per degree.
Students traditionally find redox chemistry challenging at first.
Students traditionally form close friendships with other student researchers.
Students traditionally order both the online and hardcopy versions of the text.
Students trail a fictitious downhill skier using map reading and geography skills to solve clues.
Students train a minimum of three hours per week for the fifteen weeks of the academic semester.
Students train and participate, under faculty supervision, in an academic peer advising program.
Students train and prepare yearling racehorses for sale at public auction.
Students train at local medical facilities rather than a university hospital.
Students train at off-campus sites under the supervision of a skilled trainer.
Students train at their own pace.
Students train at their own speed and in the comfort of their own home.
Students train for jobs such as TV camera person, TV lighting technician, and TV video-tape editor.
Students train for long distance running and compete in city and state meets.
Students train for news careers in print media.
Students train horses with minimal supervision, meeting objectives set by students and instructors.
Students train in a wide variety of institutional and community settings with diverse populations.
Students train in basic production skills and the use of recording studio equipment.
Students train in the mock casino in a simulated experience of the casino floor.
Students train in their spare time.
Students train on afternoon a week on the school ovals.
Students train on modern software releases with internet access to data bases around the world.
Students train on some of the finest business equipment available in the business world today.
Students train one to a computer.
Students train to repair and replace upholstery in automobiles, vans, trucks, and boats.
Students train to serve as members of a CARE facilitation team in a semester long, credited course.
Students train together, but boys and girls compete seperatly.
Students train under the supervision of licensed veterinarians and graduate veterinary technicians.
Students train using cutting edge technology and the latest software.
Students train using live software in real-world situations.
Students train with a variety of flexible weapons of differing material, elasticity and strength.
Students train with modern tools and equipment in a workshop setting.
Students trained in rural areas are more likely to practice there following graduation.
Students trained in technical schools are in big demand throughout the state of Kansas.
Students transcribe a melody from treble clef to bass clef or vice versa.
Students transcribe assignments from several office career fields.
Students transcribe medical information and record lab results on patient charts.
Students transcribe shorthand exercises and take dictation at graduated speeds using cassette tapes.
Students transfer all their data in their final drawing, having a correct scale.
Students transfer data to five different autosomal chromosome pairs and one pair of sex chromosomes.
Students transfer facts and ideas from the textbook to worksheets.
Students transfer from one school district to another for a variety of reasons.
Students transfer from one school to another without the proper paperwork.
Students transfer in after two years of general preparatory work elsewhere.
Students transfer in and out of the district faster than student assessments can be completed.
Students transfer into alternative or adult high schools and pursue their diplomas.
Students transfer learning to new situations.
Students transfer math knowledge learned in their native language to English.
Students transfer newly acquired knowledge to make decisions about future problems or tasks.
Students transfer or glue on drawn observations.
Students transfer plans for a vessel into a full size drawing on the loft floor.
Students transfer the picture to their own disk.
Students transfer the slices they want onto wax paper they have placed on a foam plate.
Students transfer to another university to complete their degrees.
Students transfer, or use their credits from community colleges to earn a four-year degree.
Students transferring credit from within the U.S. can have their transcript evaluated immediately.
Students transferring departments are responsible for finding a new position.
Students transferring from another university use the same application as incoming freshmen.
Students transferring from community colleges also come in large numbers from around the state.
Students transferring from other Illinois high schools can have the health information forwarded.
Students transferring from within the U.S. can apply up to the first day of the quarter.
Students transferring quarter hours usually receive two-thirds of the generated credit.
Students transform a strain of bacterial cells using a lambda vector.
Students transform themselves into fish to experience the lifecycle of the salmon.
Students transform work they have recently created to a web document.
Students translate beginning Latin passages of increasing difficulty.
Students translate computer texts as well as texts from related areas.
Students translate from English to algebra and vice versa.
Students translate literary works from the target language into English.
Students translate songs, poems and stories into their own language.
Students translate the attitude and demeanor of the recruiting department to the whole firm.
Students translate the writings of Roman authors and write short sentences from English to Latin.
Students translate their aesthetic and critical knowledge into a foreign language they are studying.
Students translate their findings and measurements into graphs.
Students transplant their school-grown salt marsh plants into a restoration site in Tampa Bay.
Students transport their own recyclables from their rooms to the bin.
Students travel about reading and learning from peer work.
Students travel abroad, especially in the summer, for various reasons.
Students travel all over California and the nation to compete with other college students.
Students travel all over the metropolitan area to attend, passing many good schools on the way.
Students travel around Central Ohio, for no additional fee.
Students travel as a group to Valencia.
Students travel back in space and time to Ancient Greece.
Students travel below the surface and into action.
Students travel by plane, car, bus and sometimes train.
Students travel far and wide on their quest.
Students travel from across the Southeast to attend the conference events and to present papers.
Students travel from all over the nation for their training sessions.
Students travel from class to class as a self-contained group.
Students travel from one course to another, experiencing their subjects as isolated fragments.
Students travel from their home countries to the Kingdom and back home at the university's expense.
Students travel in a group with a faculty advisor.
Students travel in a modern private motor coach and the excellent hotels are in good locations.
Students travel in a particular region of North America during each semester.
Students travel in both transatlantic directions to pursue a Ph.D. degree.
Students travel in groups to explore subjects such as dance, poetry, storytelling and art.
Students travel on back country skis, carry packs and pull gear sleds.
Students travel once weekly for swimming lessons or ice-skating lessons, depending on the season.
Students travel overseas with a group to gain practical experience in an international environment.
Students travel south and build a home from the ground up.
Students travel the globe in search of knowledge.
Students travel the state to facilitate retreats in parishes and schools for high school students.
Students travel through Colonial America as they answer questions.
Students travel through time with interactive milestones.
Students travel to an international location for eleven days.
Students travel to Baltimore, Maryland and work at a homeless shelter and soup kitchen.
Students travel to campus each quarter to take part in a variety of coursework.
Students travel to field sites in various developing countries in Asia, Central or South America.
Students travel to homestay Canada, Victoria.
Students travel to Lexington once a week in provided transportation to attend weekly classes.
Students travel to London as part of their study during spring break.
Students travel to many high schools and universities for contest sites.
Students travel to music,science and computer programs.
Students travel to reading instruction at their grade level each morning.
Students travel to school by taxi, or bus and somelive close enough to walk to school.
Students travel to school in a number of ways.
Students travel to selected cities in Germany, Eastern Europe, and Great Britain.
Students travel to several locations throughout the country.
Students travel to several of the clinical affiliate sites for continued instruction.
Students travel to the regional program at their own expense.
Students travel to the university from diverse locations.
Students travel to tournaments in Houston, Texas and throughout the United States.
Students travel to various activities throughout program.
Students travel to Washington, D.C. to meet with political leaders.
Students travel with an American scholar to various sights.
Students travel with experienced faculty while earning college credit.
Students travel with their instructors on day trips to major museums and galleries.
Students travel with their teammates the entire day.
Students travel, bike, and camp in different North American locations.
Students traveling together can select to be assigned to the same shared housing arrangement.
Students travelling to the province have the option of arriving by plane or by ferry.
Students treat all others with respect.
Students treat classmates and schoolmates with respect.
Students treat delivery men as messiahs and tip accordingly.
Students treat endodontic patients under direct supervision of faculty and staff.
Students treat other students with compassion.
Students treat professors the same way.
Students treat recall patients in the dental clinic.
Students treat skiing injuries at Wintergreen.
Students treat the school building and other school property with respect.
Students treat whatever condition is programmed in.
Students trim and shoe a variety of breeds.
Students troubleshoot an older computer.
Students truly appreciate professors who have a passion for their subject matter and for teaching.
Students truly become researchers on a quest for knowledge.
Students trust faculty to know their stuff and to strive for excellence in their fields.
Students trust their professors even beyond reasonable doubt.
Students try a variety of journalistic styles beyond straight, objective news.
Students try a variety of PFDs and skills in the pool.
Students try different techniques of making sounds higher or lower.
Students try different techniques to stabilize it.
Students try each approach on a very small database.
Students try experiments, like magnets going through water, plastic, wood and paper.
Students try internships or are placed in their area of expertise.
Students try new fruits, sing songs about fruit, and visit local orchards as part of the curriculum.
Students try out for the team at the beginning of each fall semester.
Students try out practical activities which they can use in hands-on teaching.
Students try out the example while the lecture is going on.
Students try out the newly constructed greens.
Students try preparing the dish and report to the class and back to the author of the recipe.
Students try the different pizzas and vote on their favorite.
Students try the new foosball table.
Students try their hand at separating the hull from the rice grains.
Students try their hand at spinning and weaving, colonial games and crafts, and hearth cooking.
Students try their hands at creating a vessel on the potter's wheel.
Students try their measurement plans and compare their results.
Students try to answer question, working again in pairs.
Students try to answer the teacher's questions.
Students try to beat the posted scores or improve their current best.
Students try to better their own time record with correct order of stacking.
Students try to blend the right mix of classes with an eye toward several goals.
Students try to camouflage copying by changing the context of the original paper.
Students try to capture the early history of Omaha through their eyes before it is too late.
Students try to console or comfort a peer who has experienced a sadness.
Students try to define challenging vocabulary words.
Students try to define terms related to renewable resources.
Students try to determine contents of a package through experiments they develop.
Students try to determine the contents of three boxes by taking out one checker from only one box.
Students try to figure out which ant's description is fictional.
Students try to fill in as many boxes as possible within a designated time period.
Students try to find and call out corresponding letter.
Students Try to find student interns.
Students try to find the box with the largest volume, and the smallest volume.
Students try to fold a strip of paper into a six-sided cube.
Students try to form a numeral with their bodies.
Students try to get along and be accepted and adopt a culture.
Students try to guess the number and kinds of coins in someone's pocket.
Students try to guess the number of blocks, then learn strategies of making good estimates.
Students try to guess whether substances are medicine or candy.
Students try to hunt down 'killer' asteroids using Stardial and public domain software.
Students try to identify as many macroscopic living things as they can.
Students try to integrate computers networks with music.
Students try to keep the ball from hitting the floor.
Students try to make rules or guidelines to explain the differences among the three categories.
Students Try to Open Past s Locked Gate to Tower.
Students try to pass and then to beat their old score.
Students try to perform an activity with simulated impaired vision.
Students try to retrieve the doctor's brain from the rat by solving a series of puzzles.
Students try to sketch the graph on a paper.
Students try to solve a local pollution mystery.
Students try to steer to keep control.
Students try to understand the physical mechanisms behind several types of astronomical spectra.
Students try to work mentally.
Students try tools and techniques used by foresters to study our maple-basswood forest.
Students try very hard to guess and be very specific.
Students trying to transfer in two years feel pressure to cut corners and skip remedial classes.
Students trying to work independently become distracted by hearing a different language.
Students try-outs held prior to performances.
Students tune in to TV .
Students turn a geometric shape into a picture.
Students turn a scientific eye on their own neighborhoods.
Students turn from one classmate s death to another s struggle.
Students turn in applications for study abroad to our office.
Students turn in approximately one paper every two weeks.
Students turn in armaments to obtain computer systems for their schools.
Students turn in draft.
Students turn in final draft by deadline.
Students turn in first draft.
Students turn in graphic logs of the stratigraphic units and short written reports.
Students turn in individual papers.
Students turn in name of company to be used for research.
Students turn in pictograph.
Students turn in plant collections of local materials.
Students turn in programming assignments to be evaluated by our staff of programmers and tutors.
Students turn in rolls of slide film.
Students turn in rough drafts for instructor comments.
Students turn in rough drafts to be proofread by other students.
Students turn in the homework to the teacher.
Students turn in the list of words and definitions.
Students turn in the outline to the teacher for evaluation, feedback and possible revision.
Students turn in the report in stages to ensure progress and to check for quality.
Students turn in their answer sheets after thirty minutes, but they keep the question sheet.
Students turn in their assignments on disk, which has nearly done away with paper.
Students turn in their bucks at the end of the day for a prize drawing.
Students turn in their journals for individual assessments.
Students turn in their Journals.
Students turn in their lab reports in the folders.
Students turn in their logs when their racers complete the course.
Students turn in their portfolios to their English instructor.
Students turn in their story with both group members names on both pieces of paper.
Students turn in their take home mid-term exam.
Students turn in their work by e-mailing it to their instructor.
Students turn in three copies of the student teaching application for each endorsement area.
Students turn in two copies of each assignment, one for each instructor.
Students turn in two copies of term paper.
Students turn in work from most activities to receive credit towards the course grade.
Students turn in work to both a writing specialist and a professor in the specific field.
Students turn in writing assignments on a variety of topics at least every other week.
Students turn in written outlines which are critiqued for their content and style.
Students turn over a card with a letter printed on it, and try to find a matching card.
Students turn pages, viewing color photographs and listening to the narrator read the story aloud.
Students turn research notes into plays.
Students turn to a partner and share one thing they learned while observing the tree.
Students turn to faculty members they respect and trust to discuss their concerns about the future.
Students turn to information technology to acquire new skills and find solutions to problems.
Students turn to teacher for instructions.
Students turn to the village advisors when they get locked out or have other problems at night.
Students turn up literally petrified.
Students tutor a child in reading.
Students tutor a middle grades child in reading.
Students tutor at local elementary schools.
Students tutor elementary school children in reading and math.
Students tutor high school students in their weak subjects.
Students tutor middle school students in their weak subjects.
Students tutor once per week in local elementary schools.
Students type and add graphics to their sentences.
Students type and hack along with the instructor during class on laptops.
Students type answers into a chat room instead of raising their hands.
Students type in a line for the actor or actress to speak in the scenario.
Students type in a text window on the screen.
Students type in answers to the professor's questions.
Students type in desired research subject, and program advances directly to subject.
Students type in the faculty members name, and a link to that teachers homework assignments appear.
Students type in the password and they are immediately sharing the instructor's notes and comments.
Students type in their thoughts as prompted by the lyrics.
Students type in what happens between the characters next to their arrows.
Students type questions and answers which reinforces their note-taking by repetition.
Students type questions, and they appear in bubbles for everyone to read.
Students type sentences and draw or choose graphics that corresponds with their sentences.
Students type the appreciation of what they have read to keypal in the classroom, using e-mail.
Students type the number of their choice.
Students type the relevant data on their slide.
Students type the words they think are in the answer.
Students type their reports on computers.
Students type their words in much the same way as using a regular keyboard.
Students type up a final, clean draft of the recipe and insert it into the cookbook.
Students type up their written information using a word processing software.
Students typically apply for admission during the sophomore year.
Students typically apply for the computer science major in their sophomore year.
Students typically apply for the program early in the second semester of their junior year.
Students typically are interested in annual reports, press releases, and recruiting brochures.
Students typically are interested in political and social issues of the time.
Students typically are professionals working full-time.
Students typically arrange to receive academic credit from their schools.
Students typically attend a seminar first followed by participation in a mock interview.
Students typically attend one or two courses per session.
Students typically begin by assisting faculty members teaching courses.
Students typically begin confirmation in seventh grade.
Students typically begin course work for their minors in their sophomore year.
Students typically begin taking other required policy courses in their second year.
Students typically begin the program by enrolling in two core courses during the first semester.
Students typically begin their internships in the last two semesters of their degree program.
Students typically begin their program in a fall semester at their cluster site.
Students typically begin their studies in the fall semester.
Students typically begin with an initial interview with a counselor.
Students typically begin with many unexamined assumptions about military history.
Students typically bring an alarm clock, a radio, a TV, and an iron.
Students typically bring TV's, radios, computers, microwaves, posters, and other comforts.
Students typically can generate more comprehensive lists working in groups than they can alone.
Students typically can see connections between science and the laboratory and with medicine.
Students typically can take until the end of the sophomore year before having to make a decision.
Students typically choose from activities such as calligraphy, painting, cooking, taiqi, and wushu.
Students typically come in for weekly sessions until their issues are resolved.
Students typically communicate with instructors by telephone, fax, U.S. mail, and e-mail.
Students typically complete a business administration or fine art minor.
Students typically complete an internship following the first year of classroom instruction.
Students typically complete certificate programs between six and twelve months.
Students typically complete degree work in four to five years.
Students typically complete four or five electives within their concentration.
Students typically complete internships in their junior or senior years.
Students typically complete one or two field exercises during each five-day period.
Students typically complete such counseling in one to eight sessions.
Students typically complete the basic course their freshman and sophomore year.
Students typically complete the degree course in four years.
Students typically complete the degree in two or three years.
Students typically complete the M.D.-Ph.
Students typically complete the masters degree in two years.
Students typically complete the Ph.D. program in five years.
Students typically complete the program in four years.
Students typically complete the program in three years while employed full time.
Students typically complete the program in two years.
Students typically complete the program within two years.
Students typically complete their core requirements during their freshman and sophomore years.
Students typically complete their Ph.D. degree within four to five years of study.
Students typically complete their rotations during the spring quarter of the first year.
Students typically concentrate in either Latin or Greek.
Students typically concentrate in one of the areas.
Students typically conduct the research.
Students typically continue lessons and ensembles for credit throughout all remaining semesters.
Students typically contribute to the reduction of astronomical data, their analysis and modeling.
Students typically decide between the two programs on the basis of the non-major requirements.
Students typically depend upon scholarship aid and help from their employers to defray expenses.
Students typically discuss concerns related to personal, social, and academic issues.
Students typically dive on rocky reefs, sandy bottoms, pier pilings, in kelp beds and blue water.
Students typically do one or two research lab rotations before entering the graduate school years.
Students typically do research in their individual major areas.
Students typically earn a sufficient amount to finance the subsequent study term.
Students typically earn an undergraduate degree before entering law school.
Students typically earn the Ph.D. degree two or three years after gaining candidacy.
Students typically emphasize either crop physiology or genetics.
Students typically end up building, installing, configuring, and debugging their own mini-networks.
Students typically engage in paid work experience to reinforce and expand upon classroom learning.
Students typically enjoy five hours of actual climbing time each day.
Students typically enroll in a double major with the English department on campus.
Students typically enroll in five courses at a time.
Students typically enroll in one class a term, scheduled for evenings or Saturdays.
Students typically enroll in one or two courses, or three to six credits, per semester.
Students typically enter in fall quarter unless they have prior electronics training.
Students typically enter the program from very diverse backgrounds.
Students typically experience frequent changes of address.
Students typically experience ranges of emotional highs and lows.
Students typically experience short exposures in laboratories.
Students typically experience university as a time of significant transition and adjustment.
Students typically feel more comfortable talking with police in the school setting.
Students typically find employment in public elementary schools.
Students typically finish the degree in two years.
Students typically finish the degree within a two-calendar year period.
Students typically focus on fine arts, commercial art or art education.
Students typically gain a full year of language acquisition.
Students typically gain computer-based analytical skills.
Students typically get research and teaching assistantships.
Students typically go through one round of interviews for internships.
Students typically go to great lengths to make the outdoor setting as homey as possible.
Students typically have an attendance problem or a very low grade point average.
Students typically have health insurance coverage through their family, or place of employment.
Students typically have single rooms with access to a kitchen and individual lockable storage.
Students typically have two or three supervisions each week.
Students typically have until the end of the registered session to complete the course work.
Students typically implement their projects on local-area resources at the university.
Students typically improve their reading, writing, and thinking skills.
Students typically interact frequently with agency staff, enhancing future employment options.
Students typically intern between three or four hours a week under the supervision of an employer.
Students typically introduce themselves as a class and identify locations and time zones.
Students typically join a research group by the end of their first semester.
Students typically learn as much from each other as from faculty members.
Students typically leave a yoga class refreshed and rejuvenated.
Students typically leave with a good feel for Russian day to day life and hospitality.
Students typically live in apartments in the area.
Students typically live in triple rooms in foreign-student dormitories.
Students typically live with families in small communities in rural and semi-urban areas.
Students typically make minimal gains in academic performance over the summer months.
Students typically make up a portion of their educational costs with long-term loans.
Students typically meet with their academic advisor at least once per term.
Students typically move away from Arizona upon graduation for residency opportunities.
Students typically move on to graduate level studies or seminary.
Students typically organize themselves into about five teams.
Students typically participate for two semesters.
Students typically perform their projects at the sponsoring facility.
Students typically pick a broad range of books and issues to explore.
Students typically present one one-hour presentation to a different school every week.
Students typically pursue their clinical training with local organizations and agencies.
Students typically receive a stipend for their externship.
Students typically receive a stipend for their internship.
Students typically receive course credit for their research.
Students typically receive financial support for three or four years.
Students typically receive financial support for three years.
Students typically receive notice four weeks after submitting their completed application package.
Students typically receive three to four years of financial support.
Students typically regard typing as one of the most boring subjects available.
Students typically remain in the same house throughout their four years at the school.
Students typically remain within the same cluster throughout their school years.
Students typically require three or four tries to pass it.
Students typically require two or three tries to pass it.
Students typically resort to loans.
Students typically rotate through a variety of stations each representing separate tasks.
Students typically schedule for the same day and time each week.
Students typically score two years above state and national averages on standardized tests.
Students typically seek out continuing education for three reasons.
Students typically select a thesis mentor during the second year in the program.
Students typically select an answer or recall information to complete the assessment.
Students typically select careers in such areas as product sales management, and marketing research.
Students typically select courses in the humanities, social sciences, business and religion.
Students typically select from existing labs, but have the option of developing new labs.
Students typically select other courses in their areas of interest during the first year.
Students typically serve more than the minimum number of hours.
Students typically serve their internship with a government agency.
Students typically share daily meals and conversation with the dorm parents.
Students typically spend a lot of time looking around before affiliating with a project.
Students typically spend a total of two and one-half to three years taking course work.
Students typically spend four to six semesters in Madrid.
Students typically spend three of their four years living and studying in different cultures.
Students typically spend two to four hours a day in class, with a four-day break between courses.
Students typically spend two to three hours of outside study for each hour of class time.
Students typically stay up late and get started late.
Students typically stay with host families and take classes at one of the local universities.
Students typically study one course intensely during intersession.
Students typically study the hydrologic cycle in high school.
Students typically submit a report to the instructor for grading.
Students typically submit one slip per week.
Students typically take about five years to complete the apprenticeship program.
Students typically take at least two professional actuarial examinations before graduation.
Students typically take courses in biology, chemistry, geology, and physics.
Students typically take courses in four or five different subject areas.
Students typically take courses in several disciplines.
Students typically take five courses per semester, including field instruction courses.
Students typically take five or six terms to complete the program.
Students typically take four seminars in strategic management.
Students typically take from three to six years.
Students typically take it after their second year.
Students typically take it in the first semester of their sophomore year.
Students typically take it in their fourth or fifth year.
Students typically take language and humanities courses.
Students typically take one or the other.
Students typically take quizzes and tests online at the end of each unit.
Students typically take six or seven courses a semester.
Students typically take six terms to complete the program.
Students typically take the admissions tests at the end of their junior year.
Students typically take the exam at the end of their second year.
Students typically take the training courses in the same time slot as any other elective course.
Students typically take three or four courses per quarter.
Students typically take three to five credits per quarter over two or more quarters.
Students typically take three units in each semester.
Students typically take three years to complete the doctoral program.
Students typically take two courses, while also completing an Internship.
Students typically take two tutorials per term for a total of six tutorials per year.
Students typically take two tutorials per term.
Students typically teach or TA between six and eight courses.
Students typically teach undergraduate foreign language classes or freshman writing classes.
Students typically travel abroad during their junior year.
Students typically undertake the equivalent of six modules each year.
Students typically use email and the Internet extensively.
Students typically use the field paper as a launching point for their dissertations.
Students typically use their pay to help defray their living expenses.
Students typically view institutional leaders as role models and moral exemplars.
Students typically watch sea urchin, fly, frog and chick embryos develop in lab classes.
Students typically wear shorts and T-shirts in the spring, summer and into the fall.
Students typically work at least twenty hours a week.
Students typically work five days a week and attend classes one day a week.
Students typically work full-time and attend classes in the evenings.
Students typically work half a year on a project for the design competition.
Students typically work in teams on lab and homework assignments and in-class exercises.
Students typically work individually or in teams of two.
Students typically work on their own projects to bring their statements into a solid form.
Students typically work toward industry certifications.
Students typically work with a faculty member for a complete academic year on specific projects.
Students typically work with several faculty on research and applied projects.
Students typically write a paper describing their research results.
Students typically write memos addressing current litigation needs.
Students ultimately apply their math skills and abilities to a game they develop.
Students ultimately assume responsibility for their own learning and growth.
Students ultimately learn to communicate effectively and with confidence in a variety of settings.
Students ultimately learn to escape, reverse, or break any standing grab with partners.
Students ultimately produce a published compilation of their work.
Students ultimately receive high school diplomas from their home high schools.
Students uncover and investigate themes that surface again and again throughout history.
Students uncover the relationships among frequency, wavelength and energy.
Students underestimate how much time and effort is required to prepare for exams.
Students underestimate the cost of living Today's students are faced with a financial minefield.
Students underestimate the severity of situations involving alcohol poisoning.
Students undergo a conversion course in the ground school before progressing to the simulators.
Students undergo a four year programme.
Students undergo a number of lifestyle changes.
Students undergo a series of lessons, culminating in a trip to the golf course or practice facility.
Students undergo an audition in the fall.
Students undergo an inspection in preparation for recruiting duty, followed by graduation.
Students undergo assessment of personal leadership skills through assessment center methodologies.
Students undergo training at the site, do assigned reading, and write final reports.
Students undergo two components of organisational training during the two-year course.
Students undergraduate majors range from art history to engineering to political science.
Students underline the prepositional phrases.
Students underline the stressed syllable.
Students understand accounting and mathematics concepts in business situations.
Students understand actions.
Students understand and agree that their first priority is to learn.
Students understand and apply basic notions of chance and probability.
Students understand and apply media, techniques and processes.
Students understand and apply the concepts of geometry and measurement.
Students understand and apply the elements and technology of theatrical production.
Students understand and appreciate the unique gift of a Catholic education.
Students understand and appropriately use statistics and probability.
Students understand and communicate in a second language.
Students understand and compute the volumes and areas of simple objects.
Students understand and compute volumes and areas of simple objects .
Students understand and compute volumes and areas of simple objects.
Students understand and demonstrate appropriate marketing strategies.
Students understand and demonstrate effective career and professional development strategies.
Students understand and describe simple addition and subtraction situations .
Students understand and describe simple addition and subtraction situations.
Students understand and interpret picture language about weather.
Students understand and interpret spoken language about animals.
Students understand and interpret spoken language about the animals and their habitats.
Students understand and interpret spoken language on about the drawing activity.
Students understand and interpret the play narrative.
Students understand and interpret the poem.
Students understand and interpret written and spoken language about animals and where they live.
Students understand and interpret written and spoken language about the colors of T-shirts.
Students understand and interpret written and spoken language on a variety of topics.
Students understand and practice democratic ideas and ideals.
Students understand and practice the skills of family living.
Students understand and relate a sense of numbers and quantity in useful ways.
Students understand and respect the myriad of ways that society addresses human needs and wants.
Students understand and seem to appreciate the difference.
Students understand and trust their peers.
Students understand and use a variety of strategies in the problem solving process.
Students understand and use factoring of numerators and denominators and properties of exponents.
Students understand and use graphs, charts, statistics, and other tools of economic analysis.
Students understand and use language effectively to deal with everyday situations.
Students understand and use patterning, functions, and algebra.
Students understand and use periodic functions and trigonometric relationships.
Students understand and use the basic principles of business finance in marketing.
Students understand and value the environment and attempt to control our impact.
Students understand announcements and messages connected to daily activities in Russian culture.
Students understand aspects.
Students understand atoms.
Students understand basic concepts about the structure and properties of matter.
Students understand basic ideas.
Students understand cause and effect, the relations between events.
Students understand characteristics.
Students understand choices.
Students understand choreographic principles and processes.
Students understand Christian service as going out to see, respond, and meet people's needs.
Students understand classifications.
Students understand computer applications as they apply to present and future areas of technology.
Students understand computer technology used in business.
Students understand connections between scientific and technological history and today's society.
Students understand countries are made up of different groups of people.
Students understand cultural, and societal issues related to technology.
Students understand culture as a system of beliefs, knowledge, and practices shared by a group.
Students understand culture as dynamic, selective, adaptive, and ever changing.
Students understand design as a strategic response to environments.
Students understand differences.
Students understand different parts of the angiospermic plant.
Students understand different reality.
Students understand distinction.
Students understand diversity.
Students understand each of the members duties when at the computers.
Students understand effects.
Students understand experiments.
Students understand forces and motion.
Students understand functions.
Students understand group names as cultural categories.
Students understand how bacteria can affect humans.
Students understand how day to day life has changed throughout history.
Students understand how distinct physical and human characteristics shape places and regions.
Students understand how ethics can affect success in business.
Students understand how genetic factors determine the growth of an individual organism.
Students understand how ideas are connected.
Students understand how individuals, groups, and institutions sustain and influence cultures.
Students understand how knowledge can be integrated across curricular areas.
Students understand how names are formed in Spanish-speaking countries.
Students understand how natural resources are extracted, distributed, processed, and disposed of.
Students understand how physical and cultural environments have influenced societies.
Students understand how physical health is impacted by psychological states.
Students understand how physical processes shape Earth's surface patterns and systems.
Students understand how the code works.
Students understand how the financial aspects of the world are interrelated.
Students understand how their words and behavior affect other people.
Students understand how to exercise the rights and responsibilities of participating in civic life.
Students understand how to meet client expectations in terms of data quality.
Students understand how to save their finished product on the hard drive.
Students understand how to use appropriate forms of business communications.
Students understand how to work in an axiomatic system.
Students understand ideas.
Students understand interaction.
Students understand interconnectednesses.
Students understand international and domestic business and economic viewpoints.
Students understand it is necessary to use equipment and network properly.
Students understand kinds.
Students understand major historical and cultural dance traditions and styles.
Students understand management practices of business.
Students understand material better and do better on tests at their preferred time of day.
Students understand meaning of addition.
Students understand meaning of subtraction.
Students understand motion and the principles that explain it.
Students understand music in relation to history and a variety of cultures.
Students understand number concepts and use numbers appropriately and accurately.
Students understand organizing as a response to market failures.
Students understand ovens.
Students understand perimeter and area.
Students understand personal finance and can balance a budget.
Students understand place value of whole numbers.
Students understand place value.
Students understand political institutions and theories that have developed and changed over time.
Students understand population size.
Students understand principles.
Students understand reality.
Students understand relationships between theatre, history, and culture.
Students understand relative population size.
Students understand relative size.
Students understand roles.
Students understand safety in industry that includes mechanical and toxic hazards.
Students understand scarcity, supply and demand, inflation, competition and monopoly.
Students understand scientific enterprise.
Students understand simple mathematical concepts rather than just memorize facts.
Students understand size.
Students understand solutions.
Students understand some Latin phrases, mottoes, and abbreviations used in English.
Students understand structures.
Students understand sunlight.
Students understand that a tree is alive and discuss what it needs to grow and stay healthy.
Students understand that academic grades are solely based on achievement.
Students understand that all have the right to participate.
Students understand that an academic environment reflects multiple ethnic and racial groups.
Students understand that an electrical current produces a magnetic field.
Students understand that and identify with it.
Students understand that animals eat each other or plants.
Students understand that books can be found using the online library catalog.
Students understand that dance and dancers reflect and influence culture.
Students understand that data is considered property and is protected by law.
Students understand that energy transfers when organisms are consumed in the food chain or food web.
Students understand that fractions and decimals can refer to parts of a set and parts of a whole.
Students understand that scientific investigation grows from the contributions of many people.
Students understand that societies are diverse and have changed over time.
Students understand that sources on the Web are unreliable until proven credible.
Students understand that special structures are responsible for particular functions in organisms.
Students understand that the way language is used varies according to context.
Students understand that their product is going to be seen by a large number of people.
Students understand that there are rules and regulations made for safety.
Students understand that there are similarities between the anatomy of frogs and humans.
Students understand that there is a cost to all solutions.
Students understand that when atoms gain or lose neutrons they become isotopes.
Students understand the adaptations of animals.
Students understand the anatomy of the major body systems and the basic theory of inheritance.
Students understand the balance of freedom and controls.
Students understand the basic dynamics of legitimacy and authority as macro behavioral process.
Students understand the basic features and processes of the Earth.
Students understand the basic features of a reading.
Students understand the basic features of reading.
Students understand the business environment that supports the marketing process.
Students understand the changing geography of the nation as it grew.
Students understand the characteristics and uses of operating systems and file management.
Students understand the characteristics of organisms.
Students understand the complex physical and human characteristics of places and regions.
Students understand the composition, strength, and usefulness of indicators.
Students understand the concept of beat.
Students understand the concept of government.
Students understand the concept of time and units to measure it.
Students understand the connection between strategic planning and the change management process.
Students understand the content by having a focused, structured conversation about the text.
Students understand the data and process models used as the basis for the integration.
Students understand the development of social organization in various societies.
Students understand the difference between data and information.
Students understand the difference between duty, honor, country, and personal moral conviction.
Students understand the difference between effective and ineffective listening.
Students understand the differences between economic needs and wants.
Students understand the differences between monocot and dicot plants.
Students understand the different stages of binary fission in Amoeba.
Students understand the different stages of budding in Yeast.
Students understand the diversity and adaptations of organisms in their environment.
Students understand the economic concepts that provide the foundation for marketing.
Students understand the effects of interactions between human andy physical systems.
Students understand the ethical, cultural and societal issues related to technology.
Students understand the ethical, cultural, and societal issues related to technology.
Students understand the ethical, cultural, and societal issues related totechnology.
Students understand the experiment better through the animated demonstration .
Students understand the factors influencing animal nutrition and feeding.
Students understand the features of different animal phylums.
Students understand the forms, elements, and principles of visual arts.
Students understand the fundamental characteristics of modern economies.
Students understand the fundamentals of macro organizational processes.
Students understand the goals of the course.
Students understand the government of the State of Virginia and Chesterfield County.
Students understand the historical relevance of events.
Students understand the history of social organization in various societies.
Students understand the importance of agriculture to our economy and society.
Students understand the importance of attending school regularly in order to achieve.
Students understand the importance of safe launch procedures.
Students understand the important ideas.
Students understand the interactions of human systems and physical processes.
Students understand the learning goals for their class and their teacher's expectations for success.
Students understand the likelihood of events happening and begin to make predictions.
Students understand the literary terms or elements of theme, plot, setting, and characters.
Students understand the material readily and are, therefore, able to ask relevant questions.
Students understand the math point, but don t fully appreciate the professor s sense of humor.
Students understand the meaning of operations and how they relate to each other.
Students understand the metamorphosis of frogs.
Students understand the nature and impact of designing and building structures.
Students understand the nature of societies, that societies are diverse and have changed over time.
Students understand the nature of societies, that societies are diverse, and have changed over time.
Students understand the notion of angle, and how to measure it, both in degrees and radians.
Students understand the power of ideas behind important events.
Students understand the power of the Internet to provide access to information on any topic.
Students understand the practice and products of Roman culture.
Students understand the principles and concepts of marketing with a global perspective.
Students understand the principles of operation and the selection of equipment.
Students understand the processes of mitosis and meiosis.
Students understand the purposes of spending and saving money.
Students understand the relationship between organisms and their environment.
Students understand the relationship between whole numbers, simple fractions and decimals.
Students understand the relationship between whole numbers, simple fractions, and decimals.
Students understand the role of government in the economy.
Students understand the role of promotion in the marketing mix.
Students understand the role of the arts in society.
Students understand the roles of citizens.
Students understand the same question from different ways.
Students understand the social-ordering function of rules of law.
Students understand the structure and function of living things.
Students understand the structure and use of systems of measurement.
Students understand the terms angiosperm, monocot, and dicot.
Students understand the terms budding, binary fission and a few other terms.
Students understand the terms Invertebrates and Vertebrates.
Students understand the use of matrices to organize information and perform simple operations.
Students understand the use of statistics and probability.
Students understand the visual arts in relation to history and cultures.
Students understand their own role in the process of language learning.
Students understand their role experiences in the trades.
Students understand their studies as an investment in their own future.
Students understand there is more than one way to solve a problem or complete a task.
Students understand time management, motives, community policing, and discipline.
Students understand topics.
Students understand uses and can access components of a computer network.
Students understand various types of patterns and functional relationships.
Students understand water quality and the variables that contribute to water quality.
Students understand when a project is real.
Students understand whole numbers and fractions.
Students understand why people express themselves differently.
Students understand why people move from one place to another.
Students understand written descriptions of the assignments.
Students understand, interpret, reflect and bring to the road their own contributions.
Students undertake a broad liberal education, emphasising communication and problem-solving skills.
Students undertake a broader range of subjects in their first years, and only specialise later on.
Students undertake a consulting project in an organization.
Students undertake a critical review and reanalyze data from existing evaluations.
Students undertake a field-based project that is presented in poster format at the end of the unit.
Students undertake a guided reading program focusing on a particular area of research.
Students undertake a laboratory experience in an ongoing program evaluation project.
Students undertake a laboratory-based project.
Students undertake a laboratory-based research project in an area of immunopharmacology.
Students undertake a laboratory-based research project in immunology or pharmacology.
Students undertake a lengthy application process.
Students undertake a major and a minor or a double major in their areas of interest.
Students undertake a major design project as members of a supervised project team.
Students undertake a major project and dissertation.
Students undertake a major project in their final year.
Students undertake a major project throughout their fourth year.
Students undertake a major research project, finalised as a written thesis.
Students undertake a number of laboratory projects employing various design tools.
Students undertake a policy case study on a policy event of their choice.
Students undertake a project for the final five months.
Students undertake a project in any area of computer science.
Students undertake a project in industry for at least six weeks.
Students undertake a range of exercises and class projects to develop practical research skills.
Students undertake a research methods course and a research dissertation.
Students undertake a research project in their second year.
Students undertake a research project investigating the causes of human variation.
Students undertake a research project on some aspect of environmental biology.
Students undertake a research project under the close supervision of a member of staff.
Students undertake a research project under the close supervision of an academic staff member.
Students undertake a research project under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students undertake a research project which counts as a full course credit for the following year.
Students undertake a short introductory course in revenue law.
Students undertake a short research project individually or participate in a group project.
Students undertake a significant project with faculty guidance.
Students undertake a significant research project.
Students undertake a software development project.
Students undertake a special problem-solving research project.
Students undertake a special project in an area of particular interest.
Students undertake a specific research project under the supervision of an academic staff member.
Students undertake a study of two current curriculum issues.
Students undertake a substantial research experience and a minor in a related field.
Students undertake a thesis or piece of creative writing for one third of the program.
Students undertake a two hour negotiation class and preparation by students is required.
Students undertake a variety of exercises during the fieldtrip.
Students undertake a variety of studies in Winnipeg neighbourhoods.
Students undertake a variety of thematic and stylistic approaches using acrylic paints.
Students undertake a work placement one day per week in the second year.
Students undertake an approved research topic of their choice, presented in seminar and folio form.
Students undertake an individual research project during the third year.
Students undertake an individual research project in an area of their choice.
Students undertake an industry placement in print, audio, visual or on-line media.
Students undertake assignments and activities designed to simulate real-world situations.
Students undertake both subjects from the same discipline.
Students undertake classroom-relevant research projects.
Students undertake compulsory and elective subjects in both law and media studies.
Students undertake core subjects in finance and select from either of two specialist strands.
Students undertake course work ashore followed by a practical component at sea.
Students undertake course work in four components of general education .
Students undertake creating, conducting, tabulating and interpreting a survey.
Students undertake creative projects in typographic composition.
Students undertake directed readings, seminar presentations, and preparation of a paper or project.
Students undertake dissertation research in their second through fifth years of study.
Students undertake extensive practical experience on and off campus over the duration of the course.
Students undertake extensive theoretical readings and attend mandatory weekly film screenings.
Students undertake field based projects that illustrate the application of theoretical concepts.
Students undertake five subjects in semester one and three in semester two.
Students undertake four blocks of school experience in different contexts.
Students undertake four subjects in each semester.
Students undertake goal-oriented tasks which they participate in and complete themselves.
Students undertake guided research exercises that involve using computers to analyze actual data.
Students undertake independent research in an industrial or academic setting.
Students undertake independent research into contemporary design issues.
Students undertake individual projects. .
Students undertake individual projects.
Students undertake individualized exercise programs designed to improve physical fitness.
Students undertake practical experiences in the arts curriculum disciplines.
Students undertake practical research in university and city collections.
Students undertake practical work tasks and assignments as prescribed.
Students undertake projects on the reef.
Students undertake projects related to particular aspects or problems of journalism.
Students undertake projects to illustrate microprocessor control over measurement systems.
Students undertake projects, prepare class papers and make oral presentations.
Students undertake research designed to explore some phase of science teaching in detail.
Students undertake research projects at both masters and doctorate levels.
Students undertake research projects in biographical writing.
Students undertake research projects.
Students undertake research to establish market demand and formulate a strategy to exploit it.
Students undertake research work in all the theological disciplines and in religious studies.
Students undertake several simple, hands-on projects relating to historical periods of art.
Students undertake several writing projects, developing each through several drafts and revisions.
Students undertake simple physical and meditation practices throughout the quarter.
Students undertake site analysis.
Students undertake small-scale research projects in the field.
Students undertake special studies in one branch of pharmacy in the final year.
Students undertake subjects in the theory and practice of theatre and film design.
Students undertake supervised internships related to other professional or career goals.
Students undertake the advanced degree to pursue a variety of professional goals.
Students undertake the organization, management and development of a large software project.
Students undertake the practical aspects of their studies at the centre.
Students undertake the study of geological sciences in the classroom, laboratory, and field.
Students undertake their assignments by drawing on the varied skills and experiences of the group.
Students undertake their fieldwork either over the summer or during their final two semesters.
Students undertake their Honors work during the last two semesters.
Students undertake their own original research.
Students undertake their own research project during their final year.
Students undertake their own research projects, relevant to their chosen course, in the final year.
Students undertake their research under the supervision of one or occasionally two senior members.
Students undertake two core subjects each semester.
Students undertake two courses per term for three terms per year.
Students undertake two placements for practical training.
Students undertake two subjects each semester.
Students undertake up to three work placements - one each term.
Students undertake work placements each term to provide a vital practical basis to their learning.
Students undertake youth projects there in environmental and educational work.
Students undertaking a postgraduate course of study pay the appropriate fee in each year of study.
Students undertaking specialist work can ask for individual advice and tuition.
Students undertaking the course come from all over the world.
Students undoubtedly feel a great deal of anxiety in their law classes.
Students unite for the ultimate pool challenge.
Students unlock the mystery of letters by learning to connect sounds to letters.
Students unravel and put in correct order.
Students unravel the textbook maze.
Students unroll the ribbon to match the number of cases.
Students unsuspectingly adopt a label when they declare a major.
Students unwind with a little dorm room dance after class.
Students update the site daily, and weather conditions can be checked retroactively for five months.
Students upgrade their manipulative skills.
Students upload data to the Internet.
Students upload local weather conditions and share data with students around the world.
Students use a basic Internet connection to enter the classroom.
Students use a bilingual monitoring manual and share data via bilingual computer conferences.
Students use a box of junk to create devices for a specific task.
Students use a calculator to complete math problems and then invert the calculator to find words.
Students use a calculator to solve the problems.
Students use a calendar chart to track the development of their mealworm.
Students use a Change of Registration Form.
Students use a chart like the one below to record the data they have collected.
Students use a chart, diagram, graph, or table to explain their answers.
Students use a chemistry lab manual to record lab results.
Students use a classification system to group and identify organisms.
Students use a collaborative approach to problem solving.
Students use a college text, The Practical Chinese Reader .
Students use a college-level textbook.
Students use a color key provided to prepare colorized anomaly charts.
Students use a comparison map to record their findings.
Students use a computer database software program to create files.
Students use a computer for the laboratory portion of the course.
Students use a computer software package for data analysis.
Students use a computer to design and execute algorithms for specific numerical procedures.
Students use a computer to do some statistical analysis.
Students use a computer to produce a spreadsheet, various types of graphs, and a written document.
Students use a computer to record, manipulate and desynchronize sound to picture.
Students use a computer with Internet capability to access the Web site.
Students use a controlled experiment to compare untreated and treated water.
Students use a course manual, textbook, assignments and exams to learn and to earn college credit.
Students use a data base in retrieving information pertaining to their report.
Students use a deck of cards.
Students use a deck of fraction cards for a variety of tasks.
Students use a dictionary to find adverbs to add to a paragraph.
Students use a digital camera to photograph events and create text using a word processing program.
Students use a double maker on a calculator for practice with doubles.
Students use a drawing tool to trace a plane's outcrop pattern.
Students use a field trip to a trash burning power plant to explore concepts illustrated there.
Students use a flashlight to experience electrical, heat, and light energy.
Students use a fossil key to deduce the age of a rock sample containing a fossil.
Students use a four step process.
Students use a fresh piece of paper for each item studied.
Students use a geoboard to make shapes that are composed of unit squares.
Students use a GPS receiver to plot the exact latitude, longitude and elevation or their site.
Students use a graphing calculator to display data and determine a formula for the line of best fit.
Students use a graphing calculator to investigate the following functions.
Students use a graphing calculator.
Students use a grid to find and describe the location of specific places.
Students use a grinding stone to grind corn.
Students use a handmade sling psychrometer to determine relative humidity.
Students use a haphazard method of design in their drawings.
Students use a household sponge to simulate how wetlands capture, store, and release water.
Students use a knotted string for measurement activities.
Students use a laboratory setting for the study of skin, hair nails, and cosmetic chemistry.
Students use a laboratory setting for the study of skin, hair, nails and cosmetic chemistry.
Students use a lapboard covered with a rich textured fabric to write their words.
Students use a large screen projection system as a visual aid.
Students use a library properly.
Students use a lot of silence when they talk, and it is so easy to misunderstand their silence.
Students use a map key and index to interpret symbols and locate places and objects on a map.
Students use a map of their own to create a mystery using directional clues.
Students use a marker to mark the level of water in the jug after each cup of water is added.
Students use a meal card and lunchtime now moves very quickly.
Students use A Message of Ancient Days as their basic text.
Students use a method-acting technique to emulate the total body experience of native speakers.
Students use a microcomputer in a market simulation.
Students use a mix of print, Internet, video and audio materials to complete the program.
Students use a model newspaper format to design their own weather reports.
Students use a model of a small house and assign textures to it.
Students use a model to explain the moon's monthly cycle of phases.
Students use a multiprocess approach to see and illustrate the patterns of sounds in a word.
Students use a narrow range of available software applications.
Students use a paper bag to test for the presence of fat in various foods.
Students use a personal computer to study earthquakes.
Students use a personal receiver and earphone or telecoil coupler to pick up the broadcast.
Students use a pH probe to compare commoin household liquids.
Students use a plastic milk shake straw and potato to simulate the particle in space the astronaut.
Students use a poster and reference books to identify types of early American Indian dwellings.
Students use a potentiometer, accelerometer, power supply, and oscilloscope.
Students use a power flow program in the design process.
Students use a predesigned template to type in their opinions and display a picture of the cover.
Students use a presentation program for their final product - the resume .
Students use a probe station to measure the electrical properties of the devices.
Students use a problem-solving model to explore alternative solutions to the problems.
Students use a propulsion monitor to find the optimal fill level of a bottle rocket.
Students use a range of learning methods.
Students use a range of resources - human, print, audio, visual, electronic.
Students use a realistic form to order diagnostic tests that includes complete cost tracking.
Students use a relational database system.
Students use a role play to explore how social factors impact on catchment management decisions.
Students use a rubric to access their own and other students' work.
Students use a rubric to self-assess their paragraphs.
Students use a scale to weigh the objects located at the center.
Students use a self-study workbook that is purchased separately.
Students use a series of petroglyphs to communicate a message.
Students use a simple activation process to begin using their accounts.
Students use a small, rubber tubing to tie the trees to the wire.
Students use a soda bottle to make a terrarium.
Students use a software program to investigate information.
Students use a spreadsheet to create graphs for the citizens to look at.
Students use a square knot in tying the floss in the quilt.
Students use a standard sample size such as one shovel full of sand.
Students use a standard Web browser to access courses online.
Students use a statistical computer software package to analyze and interpret data.
Students use a statistics program for every concept presented in the course.
Students use a stick's shadow to determine directions.
Students use a storyboard to plan a slide for their letter sentence.
Students use a strand of spaghetti to estimate the line of best fit.
Students use a switch for mouse clicks.
Students use a systems perspective as a conceptual base to nursing.
Students use a talk-show format to explore the aftermath of the ordeal on the survivors.
Students use a tape recorder to facilitate the note making and decision making assignments.
Students use a technology portfolio to guide their projects from planning to completion.
Students use a technology process to design, create or modify structures that meet human needs.
Students use a tennis ball to model the earth and a ping pong ball to model the moon.
Students use a text and other instructional materials for math.
Students use a touch-tone phone to register from anywhere in the world.
Students use a UIMS to develop a prototype user interface for a problem they identify.
Students use a variety of academic disciplines to study the problems of education.
Students use a variety of animation software to design and insert animation into Web pages.
Students use a variety of art tools and materials.
Students use a variety of computer programs for a relevant business education.
Students use a variety of electronic media to work on collaborative projects.
Students use a variety of information sources, particular primary sources.
Students use a variety of instruments and systems to make precision measurements.
Students use a variety of instruments throughout their programs.
Students use a variety of Internet sources to gather income and population data.
Students use a variety of manipulative materials to solve problems.
Students use a variety of materials and techniques including drawing, painting, and sculpting.
Students use a variety of materials and techniques, including drawing, painting, and sculpture.
Students use a variety of materials such as brushes, oil, acrylic paints and ink.
Students use a variety of materials to make their own creations.
Students use a variety of materials, i.e. teacher-made materials, portions of text books, etc.
Students use a variety of media and formats to communicate information and ideas effective.
Students use a variety of methods to gather more informed decisions about community issues.
Students use a variety of multi-media software to compile information into meaningful presentations.
Students use a variety of simulator software to learn about engines, safety, and electronics.
Students use a variety of skills while learning about orienteering.
Students use a variety of statistical software to produce both individual and group projects.
Students use a variety of techniques to gather samples for analysis in the laboratory.
Students use a variety of techniques to tell the story.
Students use a variety of technological resources.
Students use a variety of technologies to enhance productivity.
Students use a variety of technologies to formulate and carry out a research project.
Students use a variety of technologies to gather, analyze, and communicate information.
Students use a variety of technology.
Students use a variety of tools to observe changes.
Students use a variety of tools to reason together about mathematics.
Students use a variety of visual arts to show an understanding of the information they researched.
Students use a Web browser to access documents that have been scanned for electronic access.
Students use a Web graphics development tool for animation and interactivity.
Students use a web resource to learn how to read an electric meter on a building.
Students use a Web resource to transform their names into many variations.
Students use a website to view photos of roller coasters from around the country.
Students use a wide array of technology in completing assignments and preparing for their careers.
Students use a wide range of interactive technology and critique existing interactive programs.
Students use a wide range of software to build their IT skills and to complement the curriculum.
Students use a wide variety of information to draw conclusions and synthesize ideas.
Students use a wind tunnel to test drag, center of pressure, and center of gravity.
Students use a word processing application to transcribe business documents dictated on cassettes.
Students use a word processing software for note-taking and organization.
Students use a word processor to write contemporary literature reaction paper.
Students use a word processor, database, and spreadsheet.
Students use a worksheet to color the height of the liquid in the thermometer.
Students use a worksheet to distinguish carnivores, herbivores, and omnivores.
Students use a world map to locate several points by longitude and latitude.
Students use acid to identify calcite.
Students use action research to monitor implementation of researched ideas in schools.
Students use active inquiry to explore the component parts and life cycles of bugs and butterflies.
Students use active learning methods including role playing, and small group activities.
Students use active listening and employ critical thinking skills to interpret the story.
Students use actual equipment in making the proper alignment of chassis, wheels and axles.
Students use actual primary sources to interpret information and write historical narratives.
Students use adding machine tape to match distance.
Students use adding machine tape to match the length of the large objects.
Students use adding machines and calculators for arithmetic fundamentals.
Students use adding machines and calculators for mathematics fundamentals.
Students use additional knowledge gained from research, speakers and fieldtrips to enrich report.
Students use advanced computer technology in every subject.
Students use advanced features of the Web and information and communication software.
Students use advanced GIs software tools to complete computer-based analytical exercises.
Students use advanced skills and techniques through composition and efficiency of dance.
Students use advanced techniques to perform literature search of their chosen research area.
Students use algebra blocks to build the following equation and use the tiles to simplify and solve.
Students use algebra in every other strand to symbolize, generalize and communicate.
Students use algebra tiles to explore algebraic factoring.
Students use algebra to solve problems expressed in English.
Students use all the same textbooks and complete the same coursework as traditional students.
Students use all the skills they have learned to put together a project.
Students use all wires on the current market in class.
Students use an activity sheet to interpret archaeological strata in a simulated test trench.
Students use an art medium to create a tree and label they tree type.
Students use an automated check-out system for borrowing and returning library books.
Students use an excellent hydraulic training table that simulates the hydraulics on a tractor.
Students use an image processing program, an image browser and various simulation programs.
Students use an image to gather information about plankton concentrations.
Students use an individual inventory to identify their own styles.
Students use an inductive approach to understand some of the major concepts of chemistry.
Students use an inquiry-based, interdisciplinary approach to explore astrobiology.
Students use an Internet search to research proposed solutions to the Red River flooding.
Students use an Internet Web site to locate the scientific information about various marine species.
Students use an on-line currency converter to track the fluctuation of the currency.
Students use an outline to reorganize their notes into that writing format.
Students use analog studio equipment and a digital audio workstation to complete audio assignments.
Students use analytic tools to compare data.
Students use analytical techniques to develop a plan for starting a new materials-related business.
Students use and compute integrals within the context of real world applications.
Students use and develop system skills needed to enter and retrieve data.
Students use and develop the latest technology to measure ocean ecosystems and fish populations.
Students use and evaluate software and hardware commonly found in the hospitality industry.
Students use and keep their workbooks.
Students use and know simple aspects of a logical argument.
Students use and maintain AV machines and also videotape assembly programs.
Students use and maintain laboratory equipment.
Students use and receive training on most types of food service equipment and tools.
Students use and refine skills needed to safely operate computer systems and peripherals.
Students use and refine system skills needed to enter and retrieve data.
Students use and responsibly operate computer systems and peripherals.
Students use animation, sound effects, and music to bring their stories to life.
Students use antacid tablets to observe chemical change.
Students use antique tools to experience the building process from beginning to end.
Students use any kind of manipulatives to interpret and reproduce the pattern.
Students use any possible tool to strengthen their own message.
Students use application packages, word processing, spreadsheets, and power point for presentations.
Students use applications software to solve realistic problems.
Students use applied physics formulas for listing vectors and solving load problems.
Students use appropriate capitalization and punctuation.
Students use appropriate conventions of written language.
Students use appropriate equipment and techniques to collect, organize, and describe data.
Students use appropriate materials for their developmental levels.
Students use appropriate measurement tools to verify their choices.
Students use appropriate resources such as information posters and CD-ROMs for reference.
Students use appropriate software tools to quickly build applications.
Students use appropriate strategies to solve problems both within and outside mathematics.
Students use appropriate techniques to gather data.
Students use appropriate technology resources for solving problems and making informed decisions.
Students use approx.
Students use archaeological data sets to illustrate themes and approaches covered in the course.
Students use art as a means to create personal meaning.
Students use art as a method of refining fine motor skills.
Students use art as a tool for learning about culture.
Students use art as they research and report on the origins of scientific names for organisms.
Students use art therapy in collaboration with the approaches described by psychologists.
Students use art to tell a story and record an historic moment.
Students use art to tell a story and record and historic moment.
Students use artifacts, photos and advertisements to trace wheat's journey.
Students use artistic as well as language arts skills as they create ads for a real business.
Students use artistic interpretations.
Students use assessment data to develop individualized educational programs.
Students use associated programming languages to develop or modify software applications.
Students use atlases to locate the places mentioned and fill in the organizer.
Students use audio cassettes and a phrase book.
Students use authentic literature, audio tapes and computers to improve reading comprehension.
Students use authentic materials to study various topics.
Students use automated design tools to solve real-world information systems problems.
Students use available sources.
Students use available technology to enhance expressive possibilities.
Students use baby steps, giant steps, and paces to measure distances.
Students use base ten blocks laid out in an array to show decimal multiplication.
Students use basic and advanced strategies to estimate and perform computations.
Students use basic methods of design as taught by instructor.
Students use basic patterns of speech and review functional grammar.
Students use big books and journals to record observations and predictions.
Students use binocular dissecting scopes to sort and identify benthic macroinvertebrates.
Students use bird books to identify prairie birds and water fowl.
Students use books.
Students use both areas as entire classes, in small groups, and individually.
Students use both basal readers and trade books.
Students use both manual and computerized systems to organize a medical office.
Students use both spontaneous and deliberate approaches in their art making.
Students use both technology tools and technology resources across the curriculum.
Students use both textbooks as well as journal articles for sources of information.
Students use both the library and the Internet.
Students use both theoretical and hands-on practice in developing a wide variety of projects.
Students use both traditional materials and design tools as well as computers.
Students use both writing and speaking as ways of developing critical and analytical skills.
Students use box plots to correlate data relating leg length and speed.
Students use brainstorming ideas and information to write a story.
Students use brightly colored autumn leaves to create art pieces.
Students use business calculators and excel spreadsheets to apply theory in solving problems.
Students use calculators and computers as problem-solving tools.
Students use calculators and computers to analyze and solve calculus problems.
Students use calculators frequently in class.
Students use calculators, computers, and other tools for learning and doing mathematics.
Students use calculators.
Students use campus facilities to play nearly every team or individual sport.
Students use candy bars to simulate the stratigraphic exploration of a mountain.
Students use cans of food to cast votes for various staff members.
Students use capstone course as portfolio for job seeking.
Students use cards.
Students use cardstock letter tiles to spell the word beside each picture card.
Students use case histories, role playing and psychodrama.
Students use case studies to design and implement actual projects.
Students use CD-ROM databases and the Internet.
Students use CD-ROM programs for research information.
Students use CD-ROMs and the internet in the classroom and computer lab.
Students use characters, settings, and plots to write original stories.
Students use charcoal and pencil to draw objects and forms in the studio.
Students use charts, graphs, and maps to find distances between cities.
Students use charts, graphs, and maps to solve math word problems in an engaging adventure format.
Students use charts, tables, graphs, and statistical tools to represent and analyze data.
Students use Chicago as a lab for the study of inner-city life.
Students use chop sticks for their Tet snack.
Students use chronology to examine and explain historical relationships.
Students use chronology to organize historical events and people.
Students use circuit design programs to minimize and optimize laboratory design projects.
Students use citations competently and write by following accepted formats for research reports.
Students use class time as well as homework assignments to complete portions of the outline.
Students use class time to work on individual assignments and computer assisted learning.
Students use classroom computers for word processing and parts inventory as part of lab work.
Students use classroom computers in pairs to complete and print the pro noun templat e .
Students use classroom computers.
Students use clay and a stylus as they become scribes and record cuneiform numbers.
Students use clay to explore and discover why and how the folds of the earth are formed.
Students use clay, paper mache and plaster to continue their exploration.
Students use clues to complete the Sorting Sports worksheet.
Students use coffee filters, crayons, blue food coloring and water to design their own Earth.
Students use coffee stirrers to measure the lengths of objects.
Students use coiled springs to investigate different types of waves created during an earthquake.
Students use coin stamps to stamp a set of coins, then write the amount.
Students use coins, spinners, dice, and cubes.
Students use college level textbooks and engage in seminars, simulations, discussions, and debates.
Students use college-level textbooks and engage in seminars, simulations, discussions, and debates.
Students use color tiles to show how a given number of candies can be arranged in a rectangular box.
Students use colorful markers to write their names in big letters on a sheet of drawing paper.
Students use colours, lines, symbols, and positions on the drawings to show relationships.
Students use combinations and permutations to compute probabilities.
Students use combining methods to produce a variety of sentence patterns.
Students use commercial presentation software to plan, create, edit and present a presentation.
Students use commercial software libraries, and create software projects.
Students use commercial software libraries, and create Web-centric projects.
Students use commercially available software packages for thermal analysis.
Students use common materials to create boomerangs.
Students use common roots, prefixes, and suffixes to improve vocabulary knowledge and usage.
Students use communication skills in every subject, including the sciences.
Students use communication strategies and skills to work effectively with others.
Students use compact disks.
Students use comparative language to describe relative size.
Students use compass directions, latitude, and longitude to trace a famous voyage.
Students use compensation arguments to incorrectly solve conceptual problems.
Students use complete details.
Students use computation to solve problems.
Students use computational tools and strategies fluently and when appropriate, use estimation.
Students use computer applications they have written to create their own pieces of music.
Students use computer assisted instruction to earn credits toward graduation.
Students use computer based testing and a to-do list and email results to teacher.
Students use computer desktop publishing and word processing applications for page composition.
Students use computer drawing and measuring utilities to discover geometric concepts.
Students use computer equipment of their choice in their computer design projects.
Students use computer equipment to learn how to create and manipulate digital audio files.
Students use computer exercises to review grammar and to expand their vocabulary.
Students use computer facilities for their homework and final projects.
Students use computer labs as part of the course.
Students use computer packages to apply models to real data.
Students use computer probes to collect data.
Students use computer programs for statistical analysis.
Students use computer simulation and data bases to analyze a city or region.
Students use computer software statistical packages to analyze data and test hypotheses.
Students use computer software to analyze data and communicate the results to decision makers.
Students use computer software to do statistical analyses.
Students use computer software to interpret data and communicate the results to others.
Students use computer technology as part of the course.
Students use computer technology at all grade levels to enhance learning.
Students use computer technology in learning and in service to others.
Students use computer technology to affirm values, including ones emphasized in the PATH program.
Students use computer terminals to search for the resources found in the library collections.
Students use Computer-assisted instruction using the newest, most effective software.
Students use computer-based diet analysis to periodically evaluate personal dietary intakes.
Students use computer-based prototyping tools to model and demonstrate their design solutions.
Students use computerized bricks software to build a futuristic building or machine.
Students use computerized probes to experiment in science labs.
Students use computerized spreadsheets in budget preparation.
Students use computers and imagery for applications to environmental issues and problems.
Students use computers and other technology effectively.
Students use computers and software necessary for successful completion of their course of study.
Students use computers and the Internet to assist with information gathering.
Students use computers and video equipment to create and star in their own video production.
Students use computers as a research tool.
Students use computers as natural tools for learning.
Students use computers as the primary design tools.
Students use computers as tools for accomplishing age-appropriate tasks.
Students use computers both in the lab and in the classroom.
Students use computers every day.
Students use computers extensively for measurement and analysis.
Students use computers extensively.
Students use computers for email and word processing.
Students use computers for least-cost feed formulation.
Students use computers for producing various business documents.
Students use computers for research, assignments and communicating.
Students use computers in a safe and healthy manner.
Students use computers in an impressively equipped computer lab.
Students use computers in every aspect of their academic life.
Students use computers in the technology laboratory, the library and then classrooms.
Students use computers in their classrooms, in resource labs and in learning centers.
Students use computers in their classrooms, in school libraries and computer laboratories.
Students use computers regularly to publish their work and to do research.
Students use computers software to do simulations.
Students use computers to access course material.
Students use computers to access library resources, the Internet and do word processing.
Students use computers to access the Internet and look up environmental information.
Students use computers to analyze data.
Students use computers to analyze economic data.
Students use computers to complete class assignments.
Students use computers to complete coursework, collect data, and assess their own progress.
Students use computers to complete projects.
Students use computers to complete software projects.
Students use computers to complete their class assignments.
Students use computers to compute and plot signals, spectra and system responses.
Students use computers to control, analyze and troubleshoot electronic circuits.
Students use computers to create visual representations of the structure of their paragraphs.
Students use computers to develop database systems, develop spreadsheets, and create documents.
Students use computers to facilitate writing .
Students use computers to help organize their thoughts and produce publishable work.
Students use computers to organize, analyze, and interpret data.
Students use computers to present their design.
Students use computers to produce more effective writing.
Students use computers to solve a wide range of applied problems.
Students use computers to solve problems arising in class.
Students use computers to write their own words and stories.
Students use computers with statistical software.
Students use computers, digital cameras, scanners, and multimedia software.
Students use computers, video cameras and tape players.
Students use computers.
Students use computing technology for the course.
Students use conceptual and physical models to explore theory and relate it to preexisting concepts.
Students use concrete and pictorial models to develop order relations among fractions and integers.
Students use concrete materials as well as electronic tools while they work.
Students use concrete objects - anything from blocks and beans to interlocking cubes and geoboards.
Students use conferencing function to discuss draft in progress.
Students use Constitution booklets to research the legislative, executive and judicial branches.
Students use constructions to explore geometric shapes and properties.
Students use contemporary and personal symbols in their own artwork.
Students use contract documents to prepared detailed estimate.
Students use contrived star field photographs to find a planetary object.
Students use conventional drawing techniques and computer aided drafting.
Students use conventional lathes and milling machines.
Students use coordinate geometry techniques to determine the distance between two points.
Students use coordinate geometry to graph and calculate features of one and two dimensional shapes.
Students use coordinate graphing to guide a bouncing dot through a series of mazes.
Students use copy and paste to classify insects, amphibians, mammals, reptiles, fish and birds.
Students use copy or move functions to complete the matching activities, save, and print their work.
Students use core technology knowledge to solve open-ended problems and create systems.
Students use correct punctuation and grammar throughout piece.
Students use cotton balls to make thread for an art project.
Students use course materials prepared by the instructor.
Students use courses from four groupings to complete degree requirements.
Students use craft supplies and household items to create a simple model of a cell.
Students use crayons to draw pictures of water scenes.
Students use creative thinking skills to develop or invent novel, constructive ideas or products.
Students use creativity in their conversations.
Students use critical listening skills as audience or group members.
Students use critical thinking and decision making skills.
Students use critical thinking skills as they learn about fish and the role of a scientist.
Students use critical thinking skills such as analyzing, etc.
Students use critical thinking skills to explore how Palestine and Israel depend on each other.
Students use critical thinking strategies.
Students use critical thinking to write for different audiences.
Students use current currency exchange info to plan a trip.
Students use current currency exchange information to plan a trip.
Students use current equipment solving real-world problems.
Students use current resources from authors who are often quite accessible.
Students use current technology on a regular basis.
Students use current theory and research to make decisions about effective practice.
Students use current weather data to observe the relationship between temperature and humidity.
Students use custom software to design thin film layered structures with novel optical properties.
Students use cutting skills and pencil rolling to create paper curls.
Students use cutting-edge communications technology to learn, share ideas and work together.
Students use cylinders.
Students use daily news updates to track the travels of the candidate they have chosen.
Students use data collected during laboratory observations to make inferences about enzymes.
Students use data collected on themselves to infer similar information about dinosaurs.
Students use data files on floppies.
Students use data from a table to write equations that represent relationships.
Students use data from all participants to develop scientific theories and hypotheses.
Students use data from statistical tables to complete a worksheet and a map.
Students use data they have collected to make graphs, and do mathematical functions.
Students use data to construct a reasonable explanation of how an ecosystem works.
Students use data to construct a reasonable explanation of how levers work.
Students use data to construct a reasonable explanation of how simple machines work.
Students use data to predict outcomes and make comparisons.
Students use database software to generate reports, forms and queries.
Students use database software to process queries and to develop forms and reports.
Students use databases.
Students use decision making skills in various money management procedures.
Students use decision support tools to reinforce IS theory and concepts.
Students use deductive reasoning to discover the answer using the fewest clues possible.
Students use descriptive language arts skills and begin research skills.
Students use details.
Students use dictionaries.
Students use different browsers and search engines to view Web presentations and HTML source code.
Students use different ink for new games.
Students use different shapes to make quilt patterns.
Students use different techniques.
Students use different types of t echnology in their labs.
Students use diffusion.
Students use digital camera and editing equipment to fully produce the video on their own.
Students use digital keyboards.
Students use digital photography and computer graphics to enhance the layout of the webpage.
Students use dimensional analysis to solve a variety of medication calculation problems.
Students use direct comparison and non-standard units to describe the measurements of objects.
Students use direct comparison and nonstandard units to describe the measurements of objects.
Students use discrete-event simulation techniques to assess performance of useful network protocols.
Students use diskettes or ftp for storage.
Students use disks.
Students use dissecting kits to examine fish specimens.
Students use divergent thinking processes to develop skills for solving problems.
Students use diverse resources for their research including texts, documentary film, and web sites.
Students use division equations, showing quotients and remainders, to record the groupings.
Students use drafting equipment, a process camera, computers, printers, and plotters.
Students use drawings to record what their section looks like before anything is touched or removed.
Students use dried honey bees to pollinate flowers to produce fruit.
Students use drinking straws and wooden beads to build their sailcar.
Students use each other, the campus computer labs, and the instructor for extra help.
Students use each other, the lecture teacher, and the laboratory teaching assistant for extra help.
Students use each other, the lecture teacher, and the teaching assistant for extra help.
Students use ecological knowledge.
Students use economic indicators to forecast the economic future.
Students use either muslin or dress fabric according to their capabilities.
Students use electrical devices every day.
Students use electronic and bound encyclopedias.
Students use electronic mail to communicate.
Students use electronic meal cards, which allow account balances to be maintained for meals.
Students use electronic networks for instructional purposes.
Students use electronic search processes to locate appropriate resources.
Students use elimination to find the planet that matches all the clues.
Students use e-mail accounts for special projects.
Students use e-mail and develop good questioning skills by becoming inquisitive detectives.
Students use e-mail and newsgroups to check for class announcements.
Students use email and the internet to connect with field experts and to do research.
Students use email and the web extensively.
Students use email for sending resumes, market job skills or to set up a job interview.
Students use e-mail from the school to communicate with mentors at their home or office.
Students use e-mail to communicate with their professors as well as turning in assignments.
Students use e-mail to correspond in meaningful ways under supervision with others.
Students use email to cut down substantially on long-distance calling.
Students use e-mail to get individual attention from their instructors.
Students use e-mail to share the data with participating schools.
Students use e-mail to write to students in other schools, including students in northern Canada.
Students use email under supervision and incoming email is monitored by teaching staff.
Students use e-mail, interactive communication technology, and the Internet.
Students use engineering labs for the projects.
Students use English and language arts in the development of marketing brochures.
Students use English menu to Retrieve an Assignment .
Students use english versions.
Students use equipment and network properly.
Students use equipment and tools to observe, test and measure results.
Students use equipment responsibly and effectively.
Students use equipment which includes computer software, fax, telephone, and copy machine.
Students use estimates to compare fractions.
Students use estimation and informal units of measurment to make their constructions.
Students use estimation and measurement skills to determine lengths of objects.
Students use estimation or estimation and patterns to place the decimals in the problem set.
Students use estimation skills, changing a fraction to a percentage, probability concepts.
Students use evidence from the investigation and logical argument to explain their results.
Students use evidence from their investigation to propose explanations.
Students use examples and simulated business products to practice filing methods.
Students use examples from different subjects to carry out simulation.
Students use excuses every time they step into a class after the bell has rung.
Students use experiential activities with manipulatives to create simple tables.
Students use experimentation to explore alternatives.
Students use explanations.
Students use explanatory methods to identify patterns and make decisions.
Students use exploratory methods to identify patterns and make decisions.
Students use exponential regression to determine fair used car prices.
Students use exponents, powers, and roots and use exponents in working with fractions.
Students use expository writing to share information with readers.
Students use facilities and resources of all the participating institutions.
Students use facts about the animals to determine where they live.
Students use features.
Students use feedback to improve their progress toward learning objectives.
Students use file folders that have been laminated as Battle Ship boards.
Students use flash cards or respond to teacher questions as they rotate to each new partner.
Students use flashlights.
Students use flexibility exercises, weight training, and aerobic exercise to improve their fitness.
Students use folk tales to compose letters from various points of view.
Students use forms, controls, and properties when creating Visual Basic programs.
Students use formulas and algebra to compute distance, angle measure, area, and volume.
Students use formulas to design the most efficient and best sounding system.
Students use formulas to solve problems.
Students use found objects or electronic media to engage the space.
Students use four different mixtures to draw snow crystals.
Students use fraction words to name and describe each part of the set.
Students use fractions to determine how many plots for each type of vegetable.
Students use fractions, algebra, and geometry to reach solutions and test mathematical ideas.
Students use fractions, decimals, and percents and angle measures to construct the circle graph.
Students use fractions, decimals, and percents to describe the frequency of each sum.
Students use fundamental counting principles to compute combinations and permutations.
Students use game principles to design their own games and to adapt or modify pre-designed games.
Students use general word processing, spreadsheet analysis, and plotting software.
Students use geologists' techniques and methods in the pursuit of scientific inquiry.
Students use geometric shapes or forms to create a Holocaust monument.
Students use geometric terms to describe their creation and have a sense of artistic accomplishment.
Students use given topics for debate or for speeches.
Students use gram cubes to estimate the mass of small classroom objects.
Students use graphical techniques to design elegant long-span structures.
Students use graphics and drawing tools to complete their personalized map.
Students use graphics to enhance the report.
Students use graphing calculators and geometry software.
Students use graphing calculators and practice writing a nd reporting orally on results.
Students use graphing calculators in many of the mathematics courses.
Students use graphing calculators throughout the entire course.
Students use graphing calculators to investigate the following functions.
Students use graphing calculators to perform transformations of lists, matrices, and functions.
Students use graphing calculators to understand the math of Boolean logic.
Students use graphing software to create monthly charts of temperatures and rainfall.
Students use graphs to calculate range, median, and mode.
Students use graphs to investigate and describe continuity of functions.
Students use graphs, charts and other visual presentations to communicate with an audience.
Students use green pens to edit.
Students use grid paper to make a floor plan of their room, noting the location of all furniture.
Students use group participation and get exposure to leadership reaction situations.
Students use gumdrops to build a water molecule model.
Students use gumdrops to build an atomic model.
Students use hand tools to represent differing types of mouths.
Students use handbook of standards and specifications along with other resource materials.
Students use handbooks of standards and specifications along with other resource materials.
Students use hands on techniques to learn about the different programs.
Students use hands.
Students use hands-on activities to reinforce learning in major cluster areas.
Students use hands-on exercises on a network operating system to practice learned skills.
Students use hands-on materials to extend their thinking and translate their ideas into action.
Students use high quality microscopes to discover the life teeming in a drop of sea water.
Students use high resolution raster display workstations and other graphical devices.
Students use high tech tools to solve real problems in their own hometowns.
Students use higher level thinking skills through critical analysis and reflective thought.
Students use higher order thinking skills to examine information gathered during their research.
Students use higher-order cognitive skills and the scientific method.
Students use highest and lowest points of land elevation around the world to find the differences.
Students use highlighter to mark their buddy's row of data on final database.
Students use high-performance workstations and a supercomputer.
Students use hints to find what fraction of a pizza was eaten by each of five party-goers.
Students use hiragana and katakana and a limited number of Chinese characters.
Students use historical documents and other data and accurately place events on a timeline.
Students use home, dorm or classroom computers.
Students use homemade pinhole cameras to obtain images.
Students use ideas of similarity and congruence to calculate dimensions of polygons.
Students use ideas of similarity and congruence to calculate missing dimensions of polygons.
Students use ideas offered in the course in the context of their own life situations.
Students use ideas.
Students use identical forms to evaluate themselves and their peers.
Students use illustrations from actual practices and become familiar with forms currently in use.
Students use imagination combined with English studies to create the island's mythology.
Students use independent study to develop expertise in selected topics.
Students use index finger and middle finger to write words on board.
Students use index finger and middle finger to write.
Students use individual maps to trace major historical movements worldwide.
Students use individual research to practice qualitative methods of studying social interaction.
Students use information acquired from a variety of sources including electronic technology.
Students use information gathered from previous residential and commercial study.
Students use information report proforma to take notes.
Students use information to back up their opinions.
Students use information.
Students use innovative teaching strategies for small group presentations.
Students use instamatic cameras.
Students use instrumentation as early as their freshman year.
Students use integers to relate events to their lives.
Students use interactive computer programs throughout the course.
Students use interactive technology to electronically visit colleges and apply for admission.
Students use Internet and traditional resources to conduct research.
Students use Internet bluebook data to plan a car purchase.
Students use internet resources to answer a fundamental question or explore a given issue.
Students use internet to locate information about the roads and trails of the past.
Students use Internet voice communication technology to simulate face to face meeting time.
Students use internships and field work to gain hands-on experience and explore potential careers.
Students use internships and fieldwork to gain hands-on experience and explore potential careers.
Students use interpretations.
Students use it as a textbook in energy management courses and as a guide to environmental projects.
Students use it at home to review for quizzes.
Students use it for a variety of purposes formal and informal.
Students use it for projects of their own.
Students use it for research and review, and also as a place to display their finished projects.
Students use it on their own, in small groups or friends or in large lecture settings.
Students use it to inspire writing projects or as decoration. .
Students use it to play basketball at any hour of the day.
Students use it to register for classes.
Students use it to solve homework problems.
Students use it to stay in touch with instructors, parents and friends.
Students use it to store their career interests, college choices and work history.
Students use Japanese both within and beyond the school setting.
Students use journals to record observations and ideas.
Students use journals, creative writing, poetry, and letter writing to respond to literature.
Students use just video to relate to others.
Students use kid-friendly versions of adult software that enable design and analysis.
Students use kinematics terms interchangeably and inappropriately.
Students use kinetic-molecular theory to compare phase change and heat.
Students use knowledge in life science to create climate and agriculture of the island.
Students use knowledge of structures and functions.
Students use knowledge to understand arguments, solve problems, or construct explanations.
Students use knowledge.
Students use lab forms to submit their individual responses to the labs performed in class.
Students use laboratory equipment to develop products or experiments for use in teaching.
Students use laboratory equipment to gain real-life knowledge of chemistry.
Students use laboratory sources to view visible spectra of known several elements.
Students use language deliberately, confidently, and competently in writing and speaking.
Students use language for a variety of real purposes and audiences.
Students use language for their own purposes and at their own time.
Students use language in a variety of forms.
Students use language in visual, oral, written, and performance-based forums.
Students use language processes and strategies effectively to communicate.
Students use language processes and strategies for continuous learning.
Students use language processes to acquire, organize and communicate information.
Students use language processes to acquire, organize, and communicate information.
Students use language to clarify thought.
Students use laptop computers to explore and solve problems.
Students use laptops and digital cameras to post information on the site.
Students use laptops to download lectures.
Students use LARC for classes and field education experiences.
Students use lasers to analyze the properties of light.
Students use Latin daily when encountering new vocabulary.
Students use leaves to make a tye-dye picture.
Students use letterforms in all assignments to demonstrate understanding typography in design.
Students use letters to build language and communication skills.
Students use library materials as well as Internet links for their research.
Students use library or online resources to learn about the current status of their chosen issues.
Students use library resources to complete research questions.
Students use light switches to learn about telegraph communication.
Students use light.
Students use liquid tempera paint to create paintings and practice color mixing skills.
Students use listening and speaking strategies for different purposes.
Students use lists and frequently look at tables.
Students use lists.
Students use listservs to engage in group discussions related to educational projects.
Students use literature.
Students use lockers at their own risk.
Students use logic and simple math to answer some unusual questions.
Students use logic, common sense, and creative thinking to solve a number of word problems.
Students use logical strategies for problem solving.
Students use longitude and latitude coordinates to locate vacation destinations.
Students use longitude and latitude to locate data on climate variables on satellite weather maps.
Students use macaroni to illustrate what their brain looks like.
Students use magnetic letters to spell the word beside where it is written.
Students use manipulatives such as globes, rulers, and protractors to develop understanding.
Students use manipulatives, engage in discussions, and work in cooperative groups.
Students use many current software titles to complete exciting and fun projects.
Students use many different materials and media to arrive at and present their findings.
Students use many different programs as they move through their coursework.
Students use many different textbooks and read a wide variety of primary and secondary sources.
Students use many forms of writing, such as stories, reports, poems, and plays.
Students use map coordinates to plan battleship strategies.
Students use mapping exercises to place their local water resources in a larger watershed context.
Students use maps and globes to identify and locate places and geographic features.
Students use maps and other geographic representations, tools and technologies.
Students use maps of their community to find various ways to get from school to the park.
Students use maps to locate familiar places and geographic features.
Students use masks and improvisation to broaden basic acting technique.
Students use materials and resources to prepare curriculum guides needed by local school divisions.
Students use materials such as watercolor pencils, colored pencils, pastels, charcoal and ink.
Students use materials to acquire information.
Students use materials to make a class Great Wall of China.
Students use materials.
Students use math , science and language art themes incorporated into garden activities.
Students use math and estimating skills for placement.
Students use math in a number of mall-related exercises.
Students use math in all areas of the curriculum.
Students use math skills as they design and create original quilts.
Students use math to make decisions about building a house.
Students use mathematical concepts to solve population genetics problems.
Students use mathematical ideas and procedures to communicate, reason, and solve problems.
Students use mathematical language.
Students use mathematical procedures to determine flight telemetry.
Students use mathematical skills to make calculations such as reactions time and gear ratio.
Students use mathematics in calculations and use of the web for research.
Students use mathematics in other curriculum areas.
Students use mathematics in their daily lives.
Students use mathematics to calculate density of several liquids and a solid fat.
Students use mathematics to calculate the calories produced per gram of candle burned.
Students use mathematics to calculate the density of several oil samples.
Students use mathematics to calculate the retention factor for each pigment.
Students use mathematics to solve a wide range of problems, both applies and theoretical.
Students use matrix notation to describe information in the wage chart.
Students use measurement skills to conduct the raceway.
Students use measurement to compute values of trigonometric fratios.
Students use media logs to focus on television viewing.
Students use medical management software to handle scheduling and records management.
Students use metric rulers to measure the size of the craters.
Students use microcomputers and workstations linked by a campus-wide network.
Students use microcomputers for problem solving when applicable.
Students use microcomputers for producing various business documents.
Students use microcomputers for various courses, and they have access to the Internet.
Students use microcomputers to enter the programs and to test and debug.
Students use microprocessor development stations to program and debug the systems they design.
Students use microwave CAD software and modern microwave measurement systems to do design projects.
Students use microwave CAD software and modern microwave measurement systems.
Students use models and theoretical approaches to evaluate messages.
Students use models that explain basic scientific phenomena and relate it to everyday situations.
Students use models to solve problems.
Students use models, known facts, properties and relationships to explain their thinking.
Students use modern analytic and computer techniques in the design and analysis of such systems.
Students use modern computer facilities and learn about the history of Chinese medicine.
Students use modern instrumentation and computers extensively.
Students use molecular graphics tutorials and Internet databases to view and analyze structures.
Students use money and shopping situations to practice estimation and mental math skills.
Students use money to represent fractions.
Students use more than textbooks, notebook paper and No.
Students use motifs from nature to create a piece of artwork.
Students use much of our energy on campus and their efforts have been very important.
Students use multilink cubes or base ten blocks to build rectangular solids.
Students use multimedia applications and interactive learning to reach their potential.
Students use multiple skills to share the experience with family and community.
Students use multiple software tools to perform assignments and projects.
Students use multiple strategies to learn new information.
Students use national and state standards and benchmarks in planning instruction and assessment.
Students use nature to stimulate creative expression and record observations through a personal log.
Students use new techniques and are asked to work and think in very new ways.
Students use new, soft surfboards.
Students use newspapers to understand the costs involved in living on their own.
Students use nonfiction text to answer literal and inferential questions.
Students use number sentences to solve problems.
Students use number sentences with operation and symbols and expressions to solve problems.
Students use numbers to describe quantities.
Students use observation skills.
Students use observational and comparison skills to red-flag errors in financial statements.
Students use of e-mail in an undergraduate public relations course.
Students use of emates to complete research and reports.
Students use of tools for formative assessment.
Students use off- line calculators to reduce the data.
Students use office information systems software to complete a variety of specialized tasks.
Students use oil or acrylics to explore basic techniques specific to each medium.
Students use oil pastels on paper to create landscapes using the pointillist style.
Students use old-fashioned equipment to try doing the laundry without electric machinery.
Students use one foot inside the hoop with the other foot outside the hoop.
Students use one liter plastic water bottles to create their own terraium and aquarium.
Students use one or more of the following methods of taking notes.
Students use one or more sources of sound to investigate reflection, refraction, and interference.
Students use one sheet of notebook paper for each waterway term.
Students use on-line animal sites to print information on their animal.
Students use on-line data bases and do computerized data analysis.
Students use on-line databases to conduct secondary research.
Students use online lab forms to submit their individual responses for the labs performed in class.
Students use on-line practice materials and articles extensively.
Students use online resources and various media to study colour.
Students use online topographic maps and air photographs to identify alpine glacial landforms.
Students use only internet sources.
Students use oral descriptions to make predictions, pose questions and relay their findings.
Students use oral descriptions to pose questions, make predictions and relay their observations.
Students use oral descriptions to pose questions, predict results and relay their observations.
Students use oral history, folkways, and musical and balladry traditions in historical contexts.
Students use oral language to communicate effectively.
Students use orally, listen to and write Latin or Greek as part of the language learning process.
Students use orally, listen to, and write Latin as part of the language learning process.
Students use origami to review names and properties of polygons.
Students use our courses for many different purposes according to their own needs.
Students use our library before school, during lunch, and throughout the school day.
Students use our local creek for all areas of study.
Students use our police package training vehicles throughout the day.
Students use our site as a study supplement.
Students use our study room around the clock.
Students use outline maps and atlases to estimate the relative areas of India and Australia.
Students use overhead projectors, slide projectors and computers in their presentations.
Students use own boat.
Students use own learning style to maximize opportunities to learn.
Students use pages from a scrapbook of the teachers trip to Russia as the base for their letter.
Students use paper and pencil on both tests.
Students use paper folding to begin to identify and name common fractions.
Students use paper, scissors, glue and crayons to simulate the decoy production process.
Students use paragraphs accordingly.
Students use part of the class to execute independent projects on biodiversity in marine habitats.
Students use party items in a surprising landfill simulation.
Students use pattern blocks to cover a drawing of a dinosaur with as few blocks as they can.
Students use pattern blocks to cover a picture of a turtle.
Students use PC econometric software extensively.
Students use PCs connected on a network to access shared information and complete their assignments.
Students use peer editors to check for grammar, parts of speech, and mechanics.
Students use pencil and correct color to outline tree.
Students use pencil, charcoal, and pastels to develop observational and rendering skills.
Students use pencils until they re little stubs, and they write very small to conserve their paper.
Students use pencils.
Students use percentages to show relationships between data items.
Students use percents to help construct and make sense of circle graphs.
Students use perception sketches to illustrate their observations as they watch the same video.
Students use permanent marker to personalize and decorate their stars.
Students use personal computer software in all parts of the course.
Students use personal computers and Internet connections to access the course.
Students use personal computers in either a stand-alone or networked environment.
Students use picture clues to figure out what happens next.
Students use pictures from magazines to locate one of each type of angle previously mentioned.
Students use pipe cleaners and straws to make models of two-dimensional geometric shapes.
Students use pitfall traps to collect insects in both burned and nonburned areas.
Students use place value to first compare the hundreds.
Students use place value to justify the placement of each number on the number line.
Students use plaster of paris to make imprints of various animals' footprints.
Students use plaster to help stabilize the bones for transport.
Students use play money to model decimal numbers.
Students use play money, and play checking accounts to look at real life expenses.
Students use pocketscopes to observe the microcosm of life in a drop of pond water.
Students use popular commercial spreadsheet software with laser printers.
Students use portable heart monitors to determine their heart rates.
Students use pre-purchased print cards at the print station in each lab to pay for print jobs.
Students use pre-set simulators that complement and extend the lab experiments.
Students use primary and secondary sources to acquire information about Texas.
Students use primary documents to learn more about the history of American immigration.
Students use primary literature.
Students use primary source materials to write a report illustrating a concept presented in class.
Students use primary sources as they pertain to U.S. history.
Students use primitive techniques to start fires and cook.
Students use print materials, videos and computers to link with career information.
Students use prior information and make observations needed to deal with the problems.
Students use prior knowledge, and classify and compare living organisms.
Students use probability to answer questions about the likelihood of an event.
Students use problem-solving processes to develop solutions to relatively complex problems.
Students use problem-solving techniques to make decisions when emergencies arise.
Students use process simulators and spread sheets to analyze data.
Students use professional drawing tools to produce finished art work.
Students use proper instrumentation to isolate the malfunction to a particular component.
Students use properties from number systems to justify steps in combining and simplifying functions.
Students use properties of numbers to demonstrate that assertions are true or false.
Students use properties of polygons to calculate dimensions.
Students use proportions to find the height of the flagpole in front of the school.
Students use public and research libraries side by side.
Students use publication software to create the newsletter.
Students use Publisher to create a visually-effective final product.
Students use publishing software as a tool for productivity and presentation.
Students use pulleys and levers to understand the relationship between force and motion.
Students use puppets to brainstorm things to recycle.
Students use puppets to enact a scene of being bullied and listen to a story about bullying.
Students use quantitative techniques and spread sheet problems.
Students use quiz answers to fill out a clue book.
Students use quotations from the cash and futures markets to maximize returns.
Students use rating guide to score papers.
Students use ratios to describe the relationship between the pictures.
Students use reading and writing to enhance thinking and understanding.
Students use reading and writing to support their learning in science, math, and music.
Students use reading as the basis of critical thinking and writing for an academic audience.
Students use reading, writing, and math to learn about themselves, the community and the world.
Students use reading, writing, speaking, and listening as they work on research projects.
Students use readings and case problems to study when and how to use speculative market instruments.
Students use real data and real tools to accomplish real work.
Students use real data to explore what s happening in their local rainfall.
Students use real tools to measure real objects.
Students use real world examples and applications to develop a research proposal.
Students use real world technology to present their information to a wide audience.
Students use real-time Internet resources to keep a record of the locations of current earthquakes.
Students use real-world data to solve authentic questions.
Students use reason and inference to attempt to discover what is inside a sealed black plastic box.
Students use reasoning skills to make logical decisions when solving programming problems.
Students use reasoning strategies, knowledge, and common sense to solve complex problems.
Students use reference materials to define and make a list of natural resources.
Students use reference resources to write questions and answers.
Students use reporting skills to write an article on their findings.
Students use representations to organize their thinking.
Students use representative custom-made and commercial finite element codes.
Students use required and elective courses and an intensive internship to accomplish their goals.
Students use requistioned materials to determine physical to determine physical properties.
Students use research methodologies in preparation for senior design experience.
Students use research to learn about themselves and other cultures.
Students use research, surveys, interviews with transportation and city planners, and map making.
Students use researched information to create travel guides about Spanish-speaking countries.
Students use resources.
Students use response journals so as to think about their personal connection with the novel.
Students use response journals so asto think about their personal connection with thenovel.
Students use rhythm instruments, lap harps, and recorders.
Students use role plays to explore assertive behavior.
Students use roleplays to illustrate how different situations often necessitate different responses.
Students use rolls of toilet paper to measure of the scale of the solar system.
Students use rubrics to help study information the teacher values.
Students use rubrics to self-assess how well they have responded to the tasks at hand.
Students use Russian both within and beyond the school setting.
Students use scale models of cars and airplanes to study similarity.
Students use scanner to copy a photo of the subject of the biography.
Students use scenarios to work through the model in small groups.
Students use school media center on-line catalogs to find information.
Students use school-based health clinics most often for primary health care and mental health care.
Students use scientific facts to make calculations and estimations as for the growth of bacteria.
Students use secret ballots to vote for their candidate.
Students use selected theories in conjunction with the nursing process in providing care to clients.
Students use self and peer evaluation of essays to identify and work on their weaknesses.
Students use self-evaluation procedures and receive progress reports as appropriate.
Students use senses.
Students use sequences of letters or numbers to identify the patterns they have created.
Students use several different strategies when they select a computer to bring to campus.
Students use several problem solving methods to deal with real-life case studies.
Students use several services for e-mail.
Students use shadings on a ten by ten grid to discuss all of the different equivalences.
Students use shadow puppets to provide their own interpretations of the same theme.
Students use sharp rocks to cut wood for handles.
Students use shoeboxes as a box.
Students use sidewalk chalk to create world maps showing the seven continents and the four oceans.
Students use similar figures and proportions to measure the height of a tree or a flagpole.
Students use similes and metaphors to make their prose descriptions more vivid.
Students use simple equipment to demonstrate how a satellite stays in orbit.
Students use simple lap looms and shuttles to create a plain weave fabric.
Students use simple laws to treat documents with limited evidence.
Students use simple maps and globes.
Students use simulation programs and C programming in applicationdevelopment.
Students use simulation software to display data graphically.
Students use simulation software to explore using rovers.
Students use singular and plural nouns and adjust verbs for agreement.
Students use situations involving chance to demonstrate an understanding of probability.
Students use size, shape, texture, color and weight to sort and classify shells.
Students use skills learned in previous forestry courses.
Students use skills.
Students use Skinnerian methods to train professor to only write on small corner of chalkboard.
Students use slate pencils and slate boards to practice arithmetic drills and spelling lists.
Students use sociological and historical backgrounds to delve into the subjects.
Students use software applications to produce web pages, CD-ROMs and virtual exhibits.
Students use software or the Internet to locate additional information about Greek mythology.
Students use software packages on microcomputers and mainframes.
Students use software to create presentations to communicate effectively.
Students use software to learn how to calculate construction materials and cost estimates.
Students use software to read and perform reading comprehension tasks.
Students use soil augers at several sites to compare and characterize the soil.
Students use solar cells and a light source to learn about solar energy.
Students use some primary research methods such as survey, interview and historical searches.
Students use sophisticated graphical and analytical software for problem solving and simulation.
Students use sources to actively read, view, or listen to information.
Students use space images to study their community, landmarks and different areas of the community.
Students use spatial organization and reasoning skills to solve each task.
Students use speaking and listening as they read and write.
Students use specific criteria to identify and evaluate the qualities and merits of works in dance.
Students use specific historical information to illuminate the concepts of citizenship.
Students use specific strategies for reading, writing and speaking.
Students use spoken, written, and visual language to accomplish their own purposes.
Students use spoons to determine the characteristics of concave and convex mirrors.
Students use spreadsheet program to calculate results of their data.
Students use spreadsheet software to analyze problems and develop solution models.
Students use spreadsheet software to complete assignments that model actual health care practice.
Students use spreadsheets and data bases to compute commissions, gross pay, and net pay.
Students use spreadsheets for keeping track of their bank accounts and for school projects.
Students use spreadsheets to illustrate the quantitative nature of equilibrium.
Students use spreadsheets to make the comparison.
Students use spreadsheets to perform repetitive calculations of heat exchangers.
Students use spreadsheets to process the data and a word processor to write a final report.
Students use spreadsheets, the Web, and a graphic-design program.
Students use spring scales to weigh loads, measure effort, and thereby calculate efficiency.
Students use springs or elastic bands to design and construct a device to measure force.
Students use square, triangular, and hexagonal grid paper to create colorful designs.
Students use standard and nonstandard measurement tools in activities.
Students use standard financial software when analyzing the issues considered.
Students use standard units of measurement.
Students use star charts and celestial globes and photograph the moon.
Students use statistical methods to collect, organize, interpret and display data.
Students use statistical software for assignments.
Students use statistical, word processing, and spread-sheet programs.
Students use statistics terminology.
Students use stock market data as they join others in building and tracking their portfolios.
Students use strategies to construct meaning when working with language.
Students use strategies, skills and concepts in finding solutions.
Students use strategies, skills, and concepts in finding solutions.
Students use straws for the three basic projects of building model houses, bridges, and towers.
Students use strings to keep the blocks straight and at the right height.
Students use student guide books to develop proofs and demonstrate their work.
Students use study strategies and complete research reports and projects.
Students use successive dilution of a sugar substitute to determine their threshold of taste.
Students use sunflower seeds and aquarium gravels to demonstrate how birds digest their food.
Students use symbolic forms to represent, model, and analyze mathematical situations.
Students use symbols in a variety of ways to study relationships among quantities.
Students use symbols of abstract concepts in their dramatic work.
Students use symbols to represent items and make a key.
Students use tables and graphs to make sense of and to make predictions from the data they collect.
Students use tables.
Students use tangram pieces to construct triangles, rectangles, squares, and other shapes.
Students use tape players to tape interviews, practice pronunciation and other skills.
Students use tape-figure while lower grades, but from the third grade they use number straight line.
Students use target language for classroom routines.
Students use teacher generated computer based sorting structure.
Students use teamwork to develop creative solutions to environmental problems.
Students use techniques appropriate to their individual particular visual requirements.
Students use techniques, strategies, and teamwork to earn points.
Students use techniques.
Students use technology across curriculum area, integrating many subjects.
Students use technology and computers throughout the district at all levels.
Students use technology and face to face communication to interact with a wide variety of experts.
Students use technology and software to publish stories and more.
Students use technology as a tool and as a resource for learning and skill-building.
Students use technology as a tool for communications.
Students use technology as a tool for learning.
Students use technology as a tool for problem solving and decision making.
Students use technology as a tool for research.
Students use technology for every production.
Students use technology for information gathering, organizing, and multimedia publishing.
Students use technology for making optimal allocation decisions.
Students use technology for supplemental learning.
Students use technology in constructing written business reports and oral presentations.
Students use technology in each class from Art to Vocal Music for a variety of purposes.
Students use technology in learning in pre-school.
Students use technology in learning to create web pages and digital photographs.
Students use technology in their research, writing, and in academic content areas.
Students use technology regularly in their classrooms and the computer lab.
Students use technology resources for solving problems and making informed decisions.
Students use technology to access and apply information in solving problems.
Students use technology to communicate an original monster image to another child through writing.
Students use technology to communicate and to collect and analyze information.
Students use technology to communicate what they have learned.
Students use technology to communicate with experts and research the most current statistics.
Students use technology to communicate, express ideas and collaborate with others.
Students use technology to complete a task.
Students use technology to develop multimedia projects and presentations.
Students use technology to develop of strategies for solving problems.
Students use technology to do research and prepare presentations.
Students use technology to enhance learning, increase productivity, and promote creativity.
Students use technology to evaluate the function to complete the data table below.
Students use technology to find lines of best fit.
Students use technology to further explore topics and build conceptual understanding.
Students use technology to improve problem-solving, reasoning, and thinking skills.
Students use technology to learn about orbiting spacecraft designed to study astronomical objects.
Students use technology to learn math.
Students use technology to locate, evaluate and collect information from a variety of sources.
Students use technology to locate, evaluate, and collect information from a variety of courses.
Students use technology to locate, evaluate, and collect information from a variety of resources.
Students use technology to locate, evaluate, and collect information from a variety of sources.
Students use technology to locate, evaluate, and collection information from a variety of sources.
Students use technology to locate, evaluate,and collect information from a variety of sources.
Students use technology to make and support decisions in the process of solving real-world problems.
Students use technology to organize and produce reports, often using multimedia formats.
Students use technology to practice things they already know.
Students use technology to present information.
Students use technology to process data and report results.
Students use technology to research and present their findings.
Students use technology to research, communicate, problem solve, and present information.
Students use technology to study the periodic table of elements.
Students use technology tools to enhance learn ing, increase productivity, and promote creativity.
Students use technology tools to enhance learning, increase productivity and promote creativity.
Students use technology tools to enhance learning, increase productivity and promote learning.
Students use technology tools to enhance learning, increase productivity, and promote creativity.
Students use technology tools to enhance learning, productivity, and creativity.
Students use technology tools to process data and report results.
Students use technology tools to process data and reports results.
Students use technology within the context of the area they are studying.
Students use technology.
Students use technology-based resources in many of their courses.
Students use test kits to determine water quality.
Students use textbooks that contain highlighted main concepts and key words.
Students use textbooks, videos, or CD-ROMs as their main source of content.
Students use textile science laboratory facilities for coursework and research.
Students use texts, graphics, libraries, scanners to produce newspaper.
Students use texts, regulations and rulings to explore a variety of taxation questions.
Students use textual language selections to modify movement choices.
Students use that knowledge to create posters alerting schoolmates to the dangers of drugs.
Students use the accompanying worksheets to practice the skill and solve the problem.
Students use the additive inverse property while solving subtraction problems.
Students use the adjusted trial balance to manually prepare a complete set of financial statements.
Students use the amulet molds to cast a clay model of their choice.
Students use the appropriate strategy to find each sum.
Students use the archives for class projects.
Students use the area for study in many curricular areas, and also perform much of the maintenance.
Students use the area to learn measurement, land use issues, art, and environmental science.
Students use the assessment information to assist in identifying career options for exploration.
Students use the award to reduce tuition expenses.
Students use the back side to record their answers.
Students use the ball, lamp, and themselves to make a model of how the moon revolves around Earth.
Students use the beach for scientific study and as a place to get away from their studies and relax.
Students use the Bible as the text and our survey courses as a roadmap.
Students use the bobcat to get the right amount of dirt and fill in the drive.
Students use the book to develop their business plan during the school year.
Students use the books as stepping stones toward their fourth grade mission building projects.
Students use the bundles of yarn they have tied in the art class.
Students use the calculator to find the total price.
Students use the center for working out, relaxing, and practicing.
Students use the center on their own initiative or at the suggestion of a faculty member.
Students use the center to work independently or receive tutoring and feedback.
Students use the city as their workshop.
Students use the cliques acceptance and validation to override their inner doubt and conflict.
Students use the club platform to cater events for the college and the community.
Students use the coin-operated copy machines located throughout campus.
Students use the coins to play three math machines.
Students use the collection for diversion and enrichment of the law collection.
Students use the collection in a variety of courses.
Students use the collection's books and clipping files to write reports.
Students use the community as a learning lab to enhance curricular goals and objectives.
Students use the community at large in their studies.
Students use the completed cutouts to make a mobile to display the frog's life cycle.
Students use the completed stacks of all students to review for end of unit assessment.
Students use the computer and CAD system to create solid models of various machine components.
Students use the computer as a problem-solving tool to complete a variety of projects.
Students use the computer as a tool for internet research, organization, and presentation.
Students use the computer as an art tool thus enhancing the Standards of Learning in technology.
Students use the computer center without paying special fees.
Students use the computer for research, communication, and presentations three to four times a week.
Students use the computer independently of other students and the instructor.
Students use the computer lab and access the site.
Students use the computer lab and classroom computers for many activities.
Students use the computer lab for word processing, grammar practice and spelling drill.
Students use the computer lab.
Students use the computer one on one with the teacher to demonstrate mastery of objectives.
Students use the computer to analyze data using each of the models presented in class.
Students use the computer to analyze each statistic taught in class.
Students use the computer to do nutritional analysis and menu planning.
Students use the computer to enter typical financial transactions.
Students use the computer to explore new possibities of electronic media and art.
Students use the computer to perform a simple analysis of a data set.
Students use the computer to produce their graphic design projects.
Students use the computer to research for more information on the topic.
Students use the computer to solve problems selected from various fields.
Students use the computer to test their skills at each level.
Students use the computers by signing up for four to six weeks of after school tutorial sessions.
Students use the computers for an applications course and a computer fundamental course.
Students use the computers for math, language arts, social studies, and other classes.
Students use the computers in all subject areas.
Students use the computers to connect to a variety of software.
Students use the computers to develop their skills in the areas of reading, writing, and arithmetic.
Students use the concept of liquids and solids that make crystals to create zoom balls.
Students use the constant function feature of their calculators to program a skip count .
Students use the cookhouse as a recreational building for ping pong, pool, music and group meals.
Students use the corporate files to research firms prior to interviews.
Students use the creek area to study water-flow dynamics as well as wetland ecosystems.
Students use the cubicles to observe laboratory animals and collect research data.
Students use the current literature to examine recently developed analytical techniques.
Students use the data in a chart on dog breeds to answer word problems.
Students use the data they have collected to support their positions.
Students use the data to create graphs and analyze the reliability of their experiment.
Students use the data to make graphic displays such as the bar graph, circle graph, and line plot.
Students use the department's computer and imaging labs to process and manipulate digital data.
Students use the dictionary to discover unfamiliar word meanings.
Students use the digital camera to record events.
Students use the digital imaging capabilities of the computer in the studio.
Students use the directions on the page to plan the murals.
Students use the display to compare and answer questions about the information they gathered.
Students use the double needle sewing technique and incorporate dyed and waxed Balsa wood.
Students use the drop box to put stuff in.
Students use the drop tray to retrieve the samples of water used for testing.
Students use the extensive experimental research facilities available during the course.
Students use the facilities for physical education classes and activities outside of classes.
Students use the facility to create their own multimedia presentations.
Students use the family vocabulary to create a family and present it to the class.
Students use the feedback forms as a checklist before turning in their next drafts.
Students use the file regularly, and there is constant demand for more mentors.
Students use the flow diagrams to bake.
Students use the following worksheet to create their own list of reasons for studying math.
Students use the foreign language to learn new information and to evaluate the information.
Students use the form provided on the Activity page to post their club charter online.
Students use the form shown below to post their questions.
Students use the futures wheel to analyse science-related issues.
Students use the general use pentium computer lab to integrate technology into their curriculums.
Students use the graphics packages for all plotting, pie charts, etc.
Students use the hand boiler for the survey of gas properties lab.
Students use the handy links above to access information about the current weather in their region.
Students use the health centers for various types of care .
Students use the helmet to interact with a variety of fun and engaging educational exercises.
Students use the herbarium for class projects and for research related to plants.
Students use the hoist and a spring scale to record the weight of objects in and out of water.
Students use the images for classroom projects involving geography, mathematics and space science.
Students use the information they find to develop policy recommendations regarding immigration.
Students use the information to correctly answer questions about past presidential inaugurations.
Students use the information to correctly complete a work sheet about African American history.
Students use the information to design equipment for a new winter sporting event.
Students use the information to find the correct answers to questions on a work sheet.
Students use the instruments to perform a song.
Students use the interactive self-assessment of personal talents and interests.
Students use the Internet and the traditional print references.
Students use the Internet and traditional media to explore the world.
Students use the Internet and voice mail to communicate with instructors and other students.
Students use the Internet and voice mail to communicate with other students and their instructors.
Students use the Internet and work in teams to complete a webquest.
Students use the Internet as a research tool and a means of communication with online experts.
Students use the Internet as a research tool.
Students use the Internet as a source of information and method of study in their science education.
Students use the Internet as a tool for research.
Students use the Internet as a tool to build cooperation and collaboration.
Students use the Internet as a tool to complete a group research project.
Students use the Internet easily and for multiple purposes.
Students use the Internet for exploration and research.
Students use the Internet for research and for online interchange with other students.
Students use the Internet for research.
Students use the internet for their research.
Students use the Internet independently, without intermediation.
Students use the Internet to access aerial photographs and satellite images.
Students use the Internet to access information.
Students use the Internet to aid in research projects and other school work.
Students use the Internet to analyze marketing strategy.
Students use the Internet to communicate with teachers and mentors.
Students use the Internet to communicate with the instructor and other members of the class.
Students use the Internet to conduct research about racing.
Students use the Internet to conduct research and to publish their work.
Students use the Internet to conduct research on anything from term papers to prospective colleges.
Students use the internet to conduct research on assigned or selected topics in class.
Students use the Internet to conduct Web research and to publish their original work.
Students use the Internet to conduct Web research.
Students use the Internet to contact local target culture tourist.
Students use the Internet to do some research on recipes from their own culture.
Students use the Internet to examine a variety of sites, hoax and real.
Students use the Internet to explore places around the world.
Students use the Internet to find accommodations and possible sights for each day of the trip.
Students use the Internet to find information and pictures for their poster.
Students use the Internet to find useful information related to their topic.
Students use the Internet to gather information for their chosen professions.
Students use the Internet to gather information on discussion topics.
Students use the Internet to gather information.
Students use the Internet to obtain any addtional information.
Students use the Internet to plan their trip.
Students use the Internet to research a country in which they have some interest.
Students use the Internet to research a variety of topics.
Students use the Internet to research current areas of interest in chemistry.
Students use the Internet to research different Web sites for information about the trip.
Students use the Internet to research each kingdom, identifying basic characteristics of each.
Students use the Internet to research human resources issues.
Students use the Internet to research their explorer.
Students use the Internet to search for information.
Students use the internet to study advance topics in Biology.
Students use the Internet to study population and race by county.
Students use the internet to study the creation of landforms and mountains.
Students use the Internet under teacher supervision.
Students use the Internet under the strict supervision of their teachers.
Students use the lab as they wish, for writing, revision, or research.
Students use the lab for creation of course assignments as well as independent projects.
Students use the lab for research projects and class assignments.
Students use the lab to access the Internet, type term papers and work on various class projects.
Students use the laboratory everyday with their lab instructor.
Students use the laboratory to design and develop software solutions for enterprise problems.
Students use the labs for a variety of software applications and for access to the Internet.
Students use the language both within and beyond the school setting.
Students use the language for self-expression and communciation at all levels.
Students use the language for self-expression and communication at all levels.
Students use the language laboratory regularly and attend supplementary oral practice sessions.
Students use the language laboratory regularly.
Students use the laptop in class and at home.
Students use the laptops for far more than writing papers and taking notes.
Students use the largest recirculating water channel in the Southern Hemisphere, the flume tank.
Students use the latest analytical and decision making tools.
Students use the latest in technology to improve their reading and writing skills.
Students use the letters and photos from the Civil War as a writing prompt.
Students use the libraries as resources for their methods courses, group work, and studying.
Students use the library computers for research on a very limited basis.
Students use the library during class time and during flexibly scheduled time.
Students use the library for enjoyment and to broaden their education.
Students use the library for quiet study as well as for research.
Students use the library for research, study, and individual enrichment or leisure reading.
Students use the library for their reference, research, and recreational needs.
Students use the library for their reference, research, and recreational reading needs.
Students use the library in small groups or individually.
Students use the library to cover a wide range of subjects.
Students use the library to write papers on many topics.
Students use the light probe and a light source to investigate distance versus light intensity.
Students use the linearity of summation to find both definite and indefinite sums.
Students use the links to find answers to the questions and respond online.
Students use the links to gather information about the planets and input the data into the database.
Students use the links to websites in their daily quest for knowledge.
Students use the listserve for completing homework.
Students use the map as a study guide when they read the passage.
Students use the maps to guide their reading of three historical accounts of the period.
Students use the material to explore, develop models, and reflect on their findings.
Students use the medium of their choice to tell stories.
Students use the Middle Grades Mathematics Project materials as well as other resources.
Students use the middle school home page as a jumping off place for their research.
Students use the models to create either a table or a spreadsheet to compare the two options.
Students use the models to make different patterns.
Students use the module for self-testing and learning.
Students use the module to submit papers which are archived.
Students use the monitors to view televised instruction.
Students use the most sophisticated production equipment available to create the projects.
Students use the most sophisticated production equipment available to create their projects.
Students use the mouse and the keyboard correctly.
Students use the mouse cursor to identify the moons and to measure distances.
Students use the mouse to make a selection.
Students use the mouse to make an on-screen circle graph that matches given information.
Students use the mouse to steer the vehicle.
Students use the Netscape Navigator Web browser to access the Web materials.
Students use the network components effectively, competently navigating the network.
Students use the network components efficiently, competently navigating the network.
Students use the new weight room facility to tone up their muscles.
Students use the newspaper and markers at the alphabet center to locate and isolate letters.
Students use the newspaper as a resource in a wide variety of subject areas.
Students use the newspaper as a supplementary text in math, science, social studies and reading.
Students use the newspaper to circle known words using a marker.
Students use the on-line dictionary to look up the answers to a set of questions.
Students use the paper to record their answers to the questions.
Students use the parts package to conduct the lab experiments included in the workbook.
Students use the planning page or graphic organizer to focus their ideas.
Students use the playground for the first time.
Students use the power of audio to dynamically communicate their learning and message with sound.
Students use the power of video to dynamically communicate their learning and message to the viewer.
Students use the prewriting, drafting, and editing stages of the writing process.
Students use the principles and elements of design to analyze and defend their work.
Students use the principles of ecodetection as a guide in reasoning about environmental mysteries.
Students use the process skill of making and using models.
Students use the process skills of estimating and measuring.
Students use the program by reading a book of their choosing at their reading level.
Students use the program to draw pictures on themes they have chosen.
Students use the programs in the building.
Students use the project as an opportunity to make a visual statement with pictures and music.
Students use the protractor and the Circle Graph Worksheet to create a circle graph for their data.
Students use the public library online catalogs and borrow the books through interlibrary loan.
Students use the pump drill to drill holes in the clam shells in a lesson on body adornment.
Students use the radar gun to measure the speed of the car as it zooms down rampart.
Students use the remainder of the course to improve sensors, system integration, and algorithms.
Students use the research process to explore their assigned part.
Students use the resources named above and take notes on the guides provided.
Students use the results of their research to develop an individual final project.
Students use the results to determine the strength parameters of the soil and the failure envelope.
Students use the right side to react to what they have written on the left page.
Students use the room, but there are no formal groups meeting yet.
Students use the rubric to check the strip story.
Students use the same archetypal framework.
Students use the same card for meals and drinks.
Students use the same facilities and faculty as the four-year program.
Students use the same feature when reading and critiquing their classmates' papers.
Students use the same machinery and tools found at a dealership.
Students use the same software to post notices of fund-raisers and events.
Students use the scoring rubric as a guide as they work to complete their poster.
Students use the scripting feature and never realize that it is programming.
Students use the sequencer programs to create original music.
Students use the service during their last year on campus.
Students use the service for all sorts of problems.
Students use the service on a drop-in basis coming in when it fits in their schedules.
Students use the shelter to escape the hot building on warm days.
Students use the shift key for capital letters.
Students use the sidewalk on their way to and from school.
Students use the site as a springboard for Internet research and homework help.
Students use the site outside class for review and as a resource for their writing assignments.
Students use the site regularly for woodland, wetland, and soil studies.
Students use the site to look up the answers to a set of questions.
Students use the site to look up the answers to sets of astronomy questions.
Students use the site's handout to learn about charting their data.
Students use the skills they acquire to make a difference in their communities.
Students use the skills, techniques, processes, conventions and technologies of the arts.
Students use the software that correlates with their particular grade level and subject area.
Students use the software to analyze data taken from video images.
Students use the software to develop solutions to common business problems.
Students use the software to impact the working of the hardware.
Students use the software, ask questions of the instructor, then go back over the software again.
Students use the spreadsheet to display results as a bar graph and a scatter plot.
Students use the spreadsheet to display their results as a scatter plot.
Students use the squares on the grid paper to determine the area of each rectangle drawn.
Students use the standard functions eg parabola, hyperbole, circles, straight lines, etc.
Students use the station to continue developing their portfolio anchor pages.
Students use the stations to design and test computer operating systems for multiple platforms.
Students use the stock market to calculate commissions and cost for buying and selling stock.
Students use the story to talk about the value of honesty.
Students use the studio facilities to produce directed creative projects.
Students use the studio to develop directed creative projects.
Students use the studios for assignments and individual projects.
Students use the survey results as part of a self-assessment of their presentations.
Students use the system for conducting indoor and outdoor RF measurements.
Students use the system primarily for tapping into campus resources and the Internet.
Students use the system to demonstrate fuel cell system operation to people around the world.
Students use the system to draw up class schedules and register for classes.
Students use the system to study semiconductor manufacturing technology.
Students use the system unrestricted.
Students use the technique of chromatography in several activities.
Students use the techniques which they learn to identify unknown microorganisms.
Students use the technology in authentic ways.
Students use the technology to work productively with faculty and with each other.
Students use the ten common questions generated by the class as they search the bookmarked sites.
Students use the textbooks and other materials to develop lesson plans as they learn how to teach.
Students use the theory they have studied in two projects.
Students use the three tools of drama body, mind, and voice to tell stories.
Students use the time before and after class, walking to the library, etc., to good purpose.
Students use the units in explorations such as measuring shoes, body length, and their desks.
Students use the various materials to demonstrate densities.
Students use the video graphics lab in the library to develop multimedia classroom presentations.
Students use the videophone technology to call each other and share writing projects.
Students use the vocabulary words in a creative writing lesson.
Students use the vocabulary words in discursive writing by creating paragraphs and short narratives.
Students use the web as an information resource for their research on economic history and theories.
Students use the web as an information resource.
Students use the Web browser search button rather than selecting key search tools.
Students use the Web for class assignments and post their writings on the Web.
Students use the web page project and pathfinder for project overview and resources.
Students use the web page to obtain information and frequently print web pages.
Students use the web site as a resource for famous quotations and as a research tool.
Students use the web site to answer a set of dinosaur questions on the print-out.
Students use the web to complete an algebra activity that explores gear ratios and bicycle design.
Students use the Web to do their homework.
Students use the Web to explore issues of public policy.
Students use the web to input their resume information.
Students use the web to learn about maps and mapping.
Students use the Web to learn about the program and assess their own skills.
Students use the Web.
Students use the wireless technology to access their email, surf the web, and get class assignments.
Students use the word processor to create directions for each exercise.
Students use the words from the brainstorm to create a poem.
Students use the work benches for assembling optical components, soldering, sample preparation, etc.
Students use the worksheets to visit web sites and find answers to certain questions.
Students use the writing process and identify the audience and the purpose for writing.
Students use the writing process to write effectively for a variety of purposes.
Students use their accumulated knowledge to determine if data sets are linear, quadratic or cubic.
Students use their aesthetic understanding to respond to, reflect on and evaluate the arts.
Students use their authcate passwords to access the material.
Students use their beak tool to harvest as much food as possible from each station.
Students use their bodies to generate heat in a test tube of water.
Students use their calculators to explore the types of decimal expansions for common fractions.
Students use their cards to buy things from their teacher.
Students use their cards to form the sentences, and then share their sentences with the class.
Students use their claimed account and associated password to log on in the lab.
Students use their computation skills with rational numbers to solve application problems.
Students use their creative skills to depict a real or imagined scene from interplanetary space.
Students use their data to estimate the number of raisins in the box.
Students use their discretion and imagination to design the robots and develop game strategies.
Students use their elective choices for taking courses which meet the requirements for the emphases.
Students use their essays to discuss the readings in class.
Students use their experience with the news service to get jobs as stringers and interns.
Students use their findings to predict the period of the pendulum for any given string length.
Students use their first initial and last name.
Students use their free time sight-seeing, participating in sports and cultural activities.
Students use their hands to build friction and make heat energy.
Students use their hands to imitate the release of pressure along faults deep inside the earth.
Students use their hands to spread the paint around inside of the paper.
Students use their heads.
Students use their home address as the return address and in the heading.
Students use their home computers and their connection to the Internet to take an online course.
Students use their identification number to create a list of courses they are eligible to evaluate.
Students use their imagination to create a play to explore the theme.
Students use their imaginations and a fictional story to explore the theme and key questions.
Students use their imaginations to develop a vision of a future technology.
Students use their internet research projects to create presentations.
Students use their knowledge about art and critical thinking to make informred judgements about art.
Students use their knowledge about food to plan menus and answer questions.
Students use their knowledge of bugs to create their own model bugs in colored clay.
Students use their knowledge of music and rhythm to accompany and enhance a dance technique class.
Students use their knowledge of narrative poetry to understand the poem.
Students use their knowledge of Roman culture in a world of diverse cultures.
Students use their knowledge to compete on the county, state and national level.
Students use their laptops in different ways.
Students use their lessons plans to study team travel.
Students use their library cards to check out reserve items.
Students use their lives as a basis for some content of the test.
Students use their local dialects rather than the mainstream dialect of English.
Students use their local libraries and other sources for references.
Students use their markers to color the coffee filter.
Students use their measurements to test their hypotheses about the physical world.
Students use their new science knowledge to have an ice cube melt race.
Students use their notes to create a diorama.
Students use their notes to discuss the readings in class.
Students use their notes to write or dictate an article about the person they interviewed.
Students use their number sense to identify and extend a pattern.
Students use their observations, memories, and dreams as the source of their work.
Students use their own body motions extensively in the introductory units.
Students use their own card and other students cards to make a comparison chart of their whale.
Students use their own combination locks.
Students use their own computer and software applications to complete the lessons.
Students use their own handmade papers to construct unique books.
Students use their own motorcycles for range exercises.
Students use their own resources or access to resources to prepare their presentations.
Students use their own senses to observe trees in their school environment.
Students use their own software applications to complete assignments.
Students use their past experiences to decide how to react in current mathematics classes.
Students use their planners every day and throughout the day.
Students use their posters to help one another articulate an argumentative thesis statement.
Students use their prior knowledge, to implement context throughout their reading.
Students use their problem solving skills to interpret laboratory findings.
Students use their quiet voice when on the bus and in the cafeteria.
Students use their recess time to develop running skills.
Students use their research findings to complete their doctoral thesis.
Students use their research to design a biosphere or living habitat.
Students use their science notebooks to answer questions throughout lesson and activities.
Students use their senses to categorize and distinguish.
Students use their senses to observe, distinguish and categorize.
Students use their senses, and simple tools to investigate materials and organisms in their world.
Students use their simulated cities, projected on screen, as a visual aid during their reports.
Students use their situations to apply learning experiences.
Students use their skills in both subjects to design a closed community in the depths of the sea.
Students use their spreadsheet to display results as a circle graph.
Students use their spreadsheet to display results on a line graph.
Students use their spreadsheets for data analysis and presentation.
Students use their stipends to support their work on a year-long project of their choice.
Students use their student i.d.
Students use their student i.d.'s to check out materials, including videos.
Students use their student IDs.
Students use their student numbers to access their accounts.
Students use their study skills on the course content itself.
Students use their tactical navigation and formation skills flying en-route to and from the target.
Students use their understanding of science in the decision making process.
Students use their understanding to produce their own journal cover.
Students use their word building skills to identify and build compound words.
Students use their writing skills by doing internships with community literary organizations.
Students use thermometers to investigate the temperatures of hot water, ice, and classroom air.
Students use threaded e-mail, allowing the tracking of conversations during the course.
Students use thumbs.
Students use time and distance to calculate speed.
Students use time management concepts discussed in class to plan, organize, and prioritize tasks.
Students use time management skills as they execute their work plan throughout each week.
Students use time-cards and pay rates to compute weekly wages and deductions for various workers.
Students use to complete an electronic application.
Students use to self and peer assess.
Students use toeboards for safety while roofing the back of the house.
Students use toothpicks to open the ovary and then look at it through the magnifying glass.
Students use topics.
Students use total stations and computers to process data.
Students use touch-sensitive devices to learn dissection and surgical procedures.
Students use toy dinosaurs, ink and stamps, stickers, or the computer to make sets of dinosaurs.
Students use training wings, which are stable and easy for takeoff and landings.
Students use transformations and symmetry to analyze mathematical situations.
Students use transparencies or other visual aids as is appropriate.
Students use triangulation to pinpoint objects.
Students use trigonometry to determine unknown sides or angles in right triangles.
Students use tristates, including timing diagrams, to route data.
Students use twelve lab stations designed for two students each.
Students use twenty six lab stations designed for two students each.
Students use two-color chips to explore addition of integers.
Students use ultra violet sensitive beads to represent wafer material and solar wind particles.
Students use university computers and other technology to conduct experiments and research .
Students use various comprehension skills to complete activities over the material presented.
Students use various format cameras and more in-depth approaches to printmaking in each project.
Students use various forms of inquiry as a tool to better understand diversity in a changing world.
Students use various methods of conceptual sketching, detailed documentation, and prototyping.
Students use various online resources to study the mathematics of maps.
Students use various references to support personal ideas or viewpoints.
Students use various stamps to measure distances.
Students use various techniques and correlated materials to facilitate learning activities.
Students use various technologies to make connections across disciplines.
Students use various types of maps as they travel.
Students use various types of sensors and explore how they function.
Students use vectors to represent and answer questions about quantities.
Students use verbal and nonverbal skills to express themselves effectively.
Students use versions.
Students use video conferencing to learn in convenient, familiar environments.
Students use video ethnography and field notes to document their observations.
Students use video to improve their speaking and listening skills.
Students use video, graphics, audio and text to express their understanding.
Students use video, photographs, slides or other non-photographic images.
Students use video, photographs, slides or other no-photographic images.
Students use visual and conceptual skills in their own work problem-solving process.
Students use visual clues about the regions to correctly identify the pictures.
Students use visual cues to remember reading strategies.
Students use visual evidence of water-related natural disasters to inspire newspaper reports.
Students use visuals to support the presentation of the content.
Students use vocabulary lists.
Students use vocabulary strategies to increase comprehension.
Students use vocationally specific materials and opportunities, at normal or honours level.
Students use voice mail to speak with their instructor.
Students use water words to make word trees.
Students use water.
Students use Web site to learn civics.
Students use webbing to record topics and to show their connections.
Students use wet sponges on chalkboards to investigate and make predictions about evaporation.
Students use wet steel wool to illustrate that rusting is a non-reversible chemical change.
Students use whatever equipment permissible.
Students use wheelchairs as a result of a variety of disabilities.
Students use white light.
Students use wines, liquors, herbs, and spices for sauce accompaniment.
Students use wire service stylebook extensively.
Students use word origins as an aid in understanding historical influences on word meanings.
Students use word processing programs to make revising easier.
Students use word processing programs to produce finished reports, graphs and slide shows.
Students use word processing software in writing their city plans and descriptions.
Students use word -processing software to write and revise essays.
Students use word processing software to write and revise essays.
Students use word processing to publish their writing and include illustrations.
Students use word processing, web authoring and presentation software.
Students use word processors and a variety of graphics applications.
Students use word processors for laboratory reports.
Students use word processors to prepare essays and reports.
Students use word processors to type out the questions and answers from the field trip.
Students use word processors to write and revise essays.
Students use word processors, spreadsheets, and various multimedia programs to demonstrate learning.
Students use word recognition strategies to enhance comprehension.
Students use wordprocessing and desktop publishing for written work.
Students use word-processing software in writing their city plans and descriptions.
Students use words and drawings to record the changes.
Students use words and illustrations to record the changes.
Students use words, graphs, diagrams, equations, tables and charts to explain their math work.
Students use words, such as middle or most often , to describe measures of central tendency.
Students use workbooks, worksheets and taped materials extensively.
Students use worksheets to reinforce teacher-directed activities.
Students use work-stations to complete daily weather forecasting assignments.
Students use writing to explain and explore, gaining experience in essential writing and research.
Students use writing to learn chapter material in more depth.
Students use writing, oral presentations, and illustrations to demonstrate learning.
Students use written materials, audio cassettes, video cassettes, and complete assignments at home.
Students use x-ray manikins to practice film placement and exposure techniques.
Students use zip-lock bags to hold their money.
Students uses critical thinking an scientific problem solving to make informed decisions.
Students uses scientific methods during field and laboratory investigations.
Students using a previous edition do so entirely at their own risk and responsibility.
Students using certain categories of Veteran's benefits have additional restrictions.
Students using computers in the lab for word processing assignments have priority over email users.
Students using computers of their own are likely to benefit the most.
Students using evening tutorial or other support services are also eligible.
Students using illegal drugs receive no second chances.
Students using note takers have responsibilities, too.
Students using or possessing illegal drugs are subject to disciplinary action including expulsion.
Students using other brands are responsible for learning how to operate their calculators.
Students using peer tutoring pay a minimal fee for the service.
Students using reporting service are responsible for providing diskettes.
Students using self-learning modules can learn at their own page within their own time frame.
Students using standard indexes to seek information independently are likely to be led to it.
Students using the computers after hours are responsible for the security of the computers.
Students using the computers after hours are responsible for their security.
Students using the computers for work or physics courses have priority.
Students using the Internet for class assignments have priority.
Students using the Internet for classroom assignments have priority.
Students using the lab are jointly responsible for the enforcement of the rules.
Students using the Role Play Peacegames learn how to understand the views and interests of others.
Students using the same unknown fish compete against one another for the most profitable results.
Students using the service can benefit from having a printout of the lecture they are attending.
Students using the service inappropriately are in violation of the Code of Student Conduct.
Students using the services have to pay a modest fee.
Students using the site can also communicate with each other using the message board feature.
Students using the software can spend more time learning and less time testing designs.
Students using their Internet account can dial up for as long as they have funds.
Students using their Unity accounts can use university software.
Students utilize a number of textbooks, course materials and additional references, as required.
Students utilize a problem-solving process for analysis of common ethical dilemmas in health care.
Students utilize a procedural programming language.
Students utilize a video camera and microscope to document their finds for seasonal comparisons.
Students utilize alternatives.
Students utilize an electronic catalog to search the diverse information resources.
Students utilize assessment skills to form general impressions of medical and trauma patients.
Students utilize both gas and liquid chromatographic techniques.
Students utilize CASE tools for logical and physical modeling of a database.
Students utilize complimentary textbooks and study a six-week curriculum.
Students utilize computer technology everyday in their classroom instruction.
Students utilize computer technology to facilitate each step of the project.
Students utilize computer-assisted instruction in all courses.
Students utilize critical thinking and nursing and other theories to reflect upon clinical practice.
Students utilize critical thinking skills to analyze issues and solve problems.
Students utilize different disciplines to relate to problem solving.
Students utilize digital and video cameras to create presentations in content area classes.
Students utilize electronic reference resources and develop electronic presentations.
Students utilize extensive computer programming in modern computing areas.
Students utilize formulas and common test instruments while emphasizing standard safety practices.
Students utilize hallway learning areas for peer directed motivation and relaxed learning.
Students utilize industry standard software to process and implement Web graphics.
Students utilize indvidual learning styles as they learn spelling, proofreading, and penmanship.
Students utilize laptop computers as they refine their work for a final product.
Students utilize many types of starters here.
Students utilize materials according to pretesting information.
Students utilize math skills and teamwork to ensure the company's success.
Students utilize microcomputers for hands-on lab assignments.
Students utilize microcomputers from hands-on lab assignments.
Students utilize microcomputers to take tests and perform lab activities.
Students utilize modern technology to solve a problem.
Students utilize oil-based or enamel inks upon request.
Students utilize on-line help systems for reference materials.
Students utilize peer coaching and classroom resources, rather than relying solely on the teacher.
Students utilize personal creativity and other talents, such as art, to create a newspaper.
Students utilize power mac clones in three of our labs more frequently than microscopes.
Students utilize previous business curriculum with academic training in consulting techniques.
Students utilize questions from their notes to focus discussion.
Students utilize reading and writing skills to create a newspaper.
Students utilize real-time scientific data from various technologies and sources.
Students utilize resources at our campus and in the community.
Students utilize satellite imagery weather maps to chart the weather in five cities.
Students utilize science, mathematics, and language arts to learn economic concepts.
Students utilize several skills to measure, map, quantify and classify their findings.
Students utilize social studies instructional methods useful in elementary classrooms.
Students utilize spreadsheet and database programs to analyze crime data for patterns and series.
Students utilize surface plate set-ups and accessories.
Students utilize technological advances to connect to the world beyond their personal locations.
Students utilize technology skills by creating a worksheet.
Students utilize the broadcasting studio room for video and tape recorded projects.
Students utilize the CD-ROM or Video to complete the academic portion at home.
Students utilize the college tutors at the library, but also encounter crowded study areas.
Students utilize the concepts of structures, pseudocode, and modularization in solving problems.
Students utilize the internet for communication, research and information gathering.
Students utilize the Internet to obtain water quality data on real streams in Washington state.
Students utilize the latest computer technology to produce and sell personalized items.
Students utilize the most current microscopic technology .
Students utilize the most current microscopic technology.
Students utilize the nursing process to care for elderly clients in a variety of clinical settings.
Students utilize the readings in organizing their comprehensive essay exams.
Students utilize the techniques to study reliability, availability and maintainability of systems.
Students utilize the time between activities to work in the folder.
Students utilize the writing process in their compositions and creative essays.
Students utilize their clinical life experiences to demonstrate some course competencies.
Students utilize various study skills through out the course.
Students utilize various transformations in solving inequalities.
Students utilize writing skills by creating a worksheet.
Students utilize xterms for access.
Students utilizing school provided technology are responsible for appropriate behavior.
Students validate devices that satisfactorily pass all test cases.
Students value a variety of learning programs in addition to the traditional lecture format.
Students value clinical exposure to patients throughout their four years of education.
Students value the close faculty-student relationship and the varied field experiences.
Students value the concept of personal excellence.
Students value the fact that their assignments are handed back .
Students value the mentoring and advice offered by faculty outside the classroom.
Students value the opportunity to work closely with other dedicated professional colleagues.
Students value the role of mathematics in our culture and society.
Students value their interactions with faculty, staff, and professionals.
Students value themselves to the degree that they have been valued.
Students vary a great deal in their exposure to and knowledge of diverse cultures.
Students vary course loads according to their work schedules.
Students vary from pre-school children to adults.
Students vary in age and job experience.
Students vary in background, ability, learning style, etc.
Students vary in size, of handwriting and conciseness of style.
Students vary in their experiences, education, and cultural backgrounds.
Students vary in their progress.
Students vary in their strengths from math to P.E. to English.
Students vary in their training and interest.
Students vary in where and when they work on their online courses.
Students vary sentence structure making use of subordinate clauses.
Students vary widely in the quantity and quality of their work in a semester course.
Students veer off roads and drive around in their best attempt to reach the sanctuary of the dorms.
Students venture into the field to take weather data samples over the course of several weeks.
Students venture out and learn about their city.
Students venture outside, shorts and T-shirts replace winter clothes.
Students verbalize definitions, explain their understandings to others and compare their ideas.
Students verbalize The verbalizing is noticeable even in the younger grades.
Students verbalize theories and make conclusions based on their own learning.
Students verbally explain to the teacher how the scissor parts form a system.
Students verify and interpret results with respect to the original problem situation.
Students verify quality and address exterior landscape design.
Students verify that a point lies on a line given an equation of the line.
Students verify that things can be done to materials to change their physical properties.
Students verify their conclusions using a table and algebraically.
Students videotape their cooking session, explaining what they are doing.
Students vie to compete on the state level in a variety of contests in business skills.
Students view a combination of text, animated graphics, audio and video materials.
Students view a movie about the telephone and then take an online quiz.
Students view a question on the screen, answer and receive immediate feedback.
Students view a question on the screen, answer it, and receive immediate feedback.
Students view a series of video clips where individuals explain aspects of the problem.
Students view a total solar eclipse.
Students view a wide range of visual texts with purpose, understanding and critical awareness.
Students view actual footage of real research in action.
Students view all comment columns and create a new workspace for revision.
Students view and analyze a variety of films and taped theatre productions.
Students view and construct third proof.
Students view and discuss a video on dishonesty.
Students view and discuss films and live performances, and perform scenes in class.
Students view and discuss selected films.
Students view and print the resume in print preview.
Students view art in slides and text to better understand the principles being studied.
Students view company job descriptions and drop resumes for employers to prescreen on line.
Students view comparison.
Students view computing as a field of study in various ways.
Students view current videos and use interactive multimedia computer programs.
Students view documents and photographs as they learn to analyze and evaluate historical evidence.
Students view domestic and foreign films as a basis for study.
Students view dormitories and student housing as their home away from home.
Students view examples of labels on artwork from museums or galleries.
Students view films to learn film-making techniques.
Students view films, write scripts and film reviews.
Students view images of abnormalities in leukocytes and bone marrow.
Students view materials with text captions and with animated sign captions.
Students view Nazi propaganda and discuss the power of symbolism and suggestion.
Students view of the cockpit.
Students view old master works and contemporary art.
Students view one card at a time on the computer screen.
Students view one of the hydroelectic generators.
Students view or listen to items here in the library.
Students view original work and interact with artists from a range of disciplines.
Students view performances and exhibits and experience exploratory workshops by teaching artists.
Students view pictures projected on a big screen.
Students view posters of native plants .
Students view program on laser disc.
Students view residents as highly approachable role models.
Students view school as a joyful place.
Students view sessions from central control area.
Students view several videotapes of incidents and formulate plans to improve operational safety.
Students view simulations, demonstrations, or artifacts to increase understanding of the subject.
Students view slides with hot spots to focus on important ecological information.
Students view slides, study techniques and create their own artwork.
Students view spelling as an interactive process with meaning and purpose.
Students view the approach as unique and exciting.
Students view the class in real time, allowing for active participation in the campus classroom.
Students view the collage while listening to the musical selection.
Students view the increase in outdoor seating as more of a competition between the restaurants.
Students view the learning process in a whole new way.
Students view the lecture on a monitor.
Students view the messages in various ways depending on their system.
Students view the movie The Cure.
Students view the outside world, but upside down and backwards.
Students view the picture and then scroll down to create an interactive scenario about the picture.
Students view the profession as very hard work with inadequate rewards.
Students view the relationship of color and line in design to fashion and interior decoration.
Students view the teacher as a mentor and a role model.
Students view their actions in a new way.
Students view their education as meaningful and relevant.
Students view their grades and communicate with their instructors.
Students view their school as a big family.
Students view themselves as a community of art makers.
Students View Themselves as Scientists.
Students view truth as being like jello, conforming to any new idea that captures it.
Students view two representative films each week.
Students view videos of counseling sessions and continue on-site counseling.
Students view videotape material and compose their own text.
Students view, respond to and analyse news and documentary programmes.
Students view, touch, interpret, and act out historic images projected as slides.
Students viewing live broadcast courses have the option of phoning the instructor with questions.
Students violating rules and regulation are subject to immediate dismissal from the institute.
Students virtually weigh, determine volume, and calculated density of assorted shapes.
Students visit a computer lab on a regular basis and there is a computer in each classroom.
Students visit a contemporary mixed use development.
Students visit a kibbutz and villages in northern Israel.
Students visit a local bird store.
Students visit a local pet store and compare prices for various birds.
Students visit a local wetland once a week to conduct individually designed research projects.
Students visit a mixed use project under development.
Students visit a puppet master and a sculptor to investigate ways of working with their ideas.
Students visit a variety of early childhood education centers in the Buffalo metropolitan area.
Students visit a variety of families with health problems in the home setting.
Students visit a variety of museums and explore current literature.
Students visit a variety of web sites to learn what it takes to own and care for a dog.
Students visit a web site to learn about three intriguing dinosaurs.
Students visit a website to answer questions about being president.
Students visit an artist's studio and are taught the basic physics of simple machines.
Students visit and make observations at a riparian area of a stream.
Students visit and participate in seminars at other universities and schools.
Students visit and share their school experiences with a caring adult mentor.
Students visit at least every other week to treat the patients with singing, laughing, and caring.
Students visit colleges, museums, neighborhoods, historic sites, and other points of interest.
Students visit community agencies as part of class work requirements.
Students visit community agencies as part of classwork requirements.
Students visit community agencies, receive training from experts, and interview community members.
Students visit companies and have speakers.
Students visit county facilities and attend political and other government related functions.
Students visit courses .
Students visit cultural attractions of Quito and the surrounding area with their instructor.
Students visit dress rooms.
Students visit each station in round robin fashion.
Students visit early childhood settings for implementation of activities.
Students visit environmental organizations and environmental problem sites .
Students visit exciting places of adventure learning.
Students visit factories, museums, schools, libraries, bakeries, caf s , and other local sites.
Students visit field sites and conduct field lab exercises.
Students visit financial institutions as they are studied.
Students visit for a day and testing.
Students visit forest seedling, vegetable and floriculture operations during the field trip.
Students visit from schools and colleges in Cyprus, the Middle East and Western Europe.
Students visit here.
Students visit in a courtyard where a century ago, faculty grazed their horses.
Students visit individuals in their homes as a part of their community health clinical.
Students visit Internet sites to verify, correct, and support their responses.
Students visit lab sites for field trips.
Students visit learning centers.
Students visit local beaches, do a beech sweep, analyze and categorize the litter.
Students visit local churches for field exposure and observation.
Students visit local courts to observe proceedings.
Students visit local firms to examine and make recommendations on organizational problems.
Students visit local museums containing their works.
Students visit local nursing homes and provide activities for the seniors.
Students visit local senior citizen shut-ins for approximately one hour per week.
Students visit local streams where they seine for and identify organisms.
Students visit major underground and surface mining operations and see rehabilitation sites.
Students visit many monuments, museums, and archaeological sites.
Students visit medical technology departments at local hospitals.
Students visit mills, design studios, and markets to learn design research methods.
Students visit more than one country.
Students visit museums and attend theatre, dance and music performances locally and in New York.
Students visit museums, swim, go roller-skating and have the opportunity to experience new events.
Students visit museums, villas and gardens.
Students visit nearby museums and have the opportunity to meet with visiting artists.
Students visit newspaper offices and broadcasting and film studios.
Students visit off-site hatchery operations.
Students visit older adults at a nearby nursing home for conversation and refreshment.
Students visit one of the institutions listed below.
Students visit one or more information site.
Students visit online communities and participate in interactive activities on each other's sites.
Students visit our center individually or in classes.
Students Visit our Classrooms To visit a classroom, click on the room number.
Students visit our garden and sample some of the chemical-free produce.
Students visit outstanding examples of major works of art.
Students visit possible sites for the winter formal.
Students visit preselected Internet sites that contain book reviews.
Students visit professionals in their work place, and professionals visit the school.
Students visit professionals to learn of careers and internship opportunities.
Students visit rooms.
Students visit school levels first semester, observe, write and evaluate what they observed.
Students visit schools for lesson observation.
Students visit several local companies and tour important and interesting sights.
Students visit several natural and man-made wetlands.
Students visit several on-line museums with dinosaur exhibits.
Students visit sites on the Internet which have information about frogs and toads.
Students visit social work agencies and meet professional social workers.
Students visit studios and local collections of manuscripts and artists' books.
Students visit the appropriate web sites and gain information on Europe.
Students visit the Arb to study, exercise or just to relax and enjoy nature.
Students visit the area's museums, shops, nightclubs, and restaurants.
Students visit the campus for orientation, conferences with the instructor and exams.
Students visit the center with their class or as drop-in students during lunch or other free time.
Students visit the classroom throughout the week according to their own schedule.
Students visit the computer lab to apply language arts skills learned in the classroom.
Students visit the computer lab to write papers and reports.
Students visit the family once a month for a fun activity or during a holiday.
Students visit the FORD.COM finance site and note the price and make of a vehicle that they like.
Students visit the forest for hands on experience with flora and fauna.
Students visit the fruit and vegetable wholesale market in Birmingham city centre.
Students visit the hidden canyons site.
Students visit the industry on field trips to local motels, hotels, and convention centers.
Students visit the lab each week.
Students visit the lab twice a week and also have access to a computer in every classroom.
Students visit the lab twice weekly to learn skills that can be incorporated into their classwork.
Students visit the lab with their class rooms once each week.
Students visit the library each week as a class.
Students visit the library on a regular schedule with their reading class.
Students visit the library on a weekly basis with their class for checking out books.
Students visit the library on both a scheduled and independent basis for instruction.
Students visit the library once a week with their class.
Students visit the library weekly as a class.
Students visit the library with their classroom teacher for formal visits.
Students visit the log house and see all of the farm animals-oxen, sheep, chickens and pigs.
Students visit the media center through their English class on a weekly basis.
Students visit the museum for three consecutive weeks for a period of two hours each week.
Students visit the on-campus computer labs for HTML classes in the late afternoons and evenings.
Students visit the planets and if successful in answering all the questions passport gets stamped.
Students visit the prison weekly, interview clients, and try to resolve the clients' legal problems.
Students visit the radiology department of a local hospital.
Students visit the restroom before they leave school.
Students visit the school library on a weekly basis.
Students visit the science lab weekly to perform experiments related to their classroom studies.
Students visit the shopping sites on the Web and fill in their worksheets.
Students visit the site and locate their Senators.
Students visit the sites to find answers to the questions.
Students visit the web site and define phytochemicals.
Students visit the web site and learn about presidents of the United States.
Students visit the web site and learn the name of the mammal in another language.
Students visit the web site and practice finding all the animals that they like best.
Students visit the web site and read about the formation of fossil fuels.
Students visit the web site and research the seven wonders of the ancient world.
Students visit the web site and select twelve tunes.
Students visit the web site and view a picture of a mammal.
Students visit the web site and view maps of each of seven continents.
Students visit the web site.
Students visit the web sites and create a presentation to show to the class.
Students visit the web sites and locate a document referring to the movement or the figure.
Students visit the web sites and look for information on their assigned president.
Students visit the web sites and note information on their assigned African country.
Students visit the web sites and research a selected explorer.
Students visit the workplace, talk with employers and employees and observe workplace activities.
Students visit the worksite, talk with employees and observe the workplace activities.
Students visit the writing center, select a can and choose a title from which they compose a story.
Students visit three cities as part of course study.
Students visit three research sites as well as attend small group seminars led by faculty.
Students visit two AA meetings.
Students visit two sites to explore the programs on French tv.
Students visit two to three ch teaux on the excursion.
Students visit two websites to investigate national holidays and the Korean constitution.
Students visit up to three websites to investigate the concept and application of volunteerism.
Students visit various Indiana locations.
Students visit various seats of power.
Students visit virtual petting zoos and see animals inside and out.
Students visit Web sites exploring the life cycle of the butterfly.
Students visit web sites on their continents printing pictures.
Students visit websites and answer questions on worksheet.
Students visit weekly for lessons and book exchanges.
Students visit with ideas, notes, parts of early drafts, and even final drafts.
Students visit with ideas, notes, parts of early drafts, or even final drafts.
Students visit with representatives from two programs of their choice.
Students visit with their faculty advisors to discuss specific curricular planning.
Students visit worksites, conduct informational interviews, and interact with deaf guest speakers.
Students visit zoos, clinics, go horseback riding and perform service work.
Students visit, work, and learn with community members.
Students visualize and describe objects, paths, and regions in space.
Students visualize and represent shapes and develop spatial sense.
Students visualize historical facts through art projects.
Students visualize spelling words as pictures.
Students visualize, role play, and give presentations.
Students visually build from tables to expressions to equations within relaxant settings.
Students visually count, categorise and record the individual flies.
Students voice their views and concerns to the presidential candidates.
Students voluntarily participate in the program and they have to apply for admission.
Students voluntarily participate in the program.
Students volunteer as jurors and often recieve service hours.
Students volunteer at agencies serving individuals most at risk in the community.
Students volunteer at churches, missions, agencies, businesses and more.
Students volunteer at homes and community sites as a community service day.
Students volunteer by tutoring students in city schools or building homes for the poor.
Students volunteer during the school year and two students are employed during the summer.
Students volunteer for a lot different reasons.
Students volunteer for community services while on the ulpan.
Students volunteer for specific projects and meetings, giving their time when possible.
Students volunteer for two hour shifts in the afternoons or evenings.
Students volunteer ideas to counter perceived peer pressure for sexual intercourse.
Students volunteer in groups, for a day, to help organizations in town.
Students volunteer information about their school and year in email messages.
Students volunteer many hundreds of hours of service in a wide range of institutions and programs.
Students volunteer names of fantasy they have read.
Students volunteer one day each week to work helping the aged, disabled or disadvantaged.
Students volunteer one phone call a week, two meetings a month, and special outings.
Students volunteer one to two hours of their time each week.
Students volunteer one weekend a month to bring a little joy to the elderly of our community.
Students volunteer or are recommended by staff, and then approached.
Students volunteer the sentences as the teacher writes on chart paper.
Students volunteer their own opinions.
Students volunteer their services in local nonprofit agencies for six to eight hours a week.
Students volunteer their services with local community service agencies.
Students volunteer their time after school to receive training in some area of computer skills.
Students volunteer their time and energy to give presentations on request.
Students volunteer their time each day during recess to collect items from each classroom.
Students volunteer their time to arrange social functions and help new students get settled.
Students volunteer their time with nursing home residents.
Students volunteer three hours weekly plus class meetings.
Students volunteer time to help the children.
Students volunteer to be in the club.
Students volunteer to be tutors.
Students volunteer to chop wood, wax cars, clean chicken houses.
Students volunteer to conduct a phone survey of registered voters in the county.
Students volunteer to cook, serve the meal, and clean up after.
Students volunteer to gain work experience and earn service hours.
Students volunteer to guess from which animal the item came.
Students volunteer to organize activities to maintain roadways.
Students volunteer to organize blood drives throughout the year.
Students volunteer to play one of the roles.
Students volunteer to read the various character parts in the first scene.
Students volunteer to role play as disputants and mediators.
Students volunteer to staff the circulation desk during lunch time and after school.
Students volunteer to teach primary students how to use new equipment and programs.
Students volunteer to write articles.
Students volunteer up to six hours a week with organizations that help homeless people.
Students volunteer with the most at-risk populations in our community.
Students vote each month on which student in their class best epitomizes that month's value.
Students vote for a fee increase to build a campus events center.
Students vote for senators to be student representatives.
Students vote for their favorite by dropping pennies into the buckets.
Students vote in other students for the council positions.
Students vote on a college mascot.
Students vote on ideas using stickers.
Students vote on negotiable rules.
Students vote on one of the five candidates for office.
Students vote on residential issues such as quite hours and parietal policies.
Students vote on the accompaniment style they think is appropriate for their lyrics.
Students vote on the best design based on practicality and cost.
Students vote on the most beautiful eyes of a representative from each sorority.
Students vote on the most effective messages.
Students vote on the position each summer.
Students vote on their answer using a show of hands.
Students vote on t-shirt design, mark sizes, check names.
Students vote on whether to have a message at games.
Students vote on which summary they think is most accurate.
Students vote only for candidates from their own class.
Students vote or express preferences on a web page.
Students vote to change constitution.
Students vote to determine the best bubble solution.
Students vote to express their opinions.
Students vote to keep the school closed.
Students vote with their feet.
Students wait all year to celebrate Drake Relays.
Students wait anxiously for the results of their panel assessment.
Students wait expectantly to find out what's in it.
Students wait for promised mass wasting event.
Students wait for the start of the ceremony.
Students wait for the teacher to dismiss.
Students wait in line for their turn to vote.
Students wait in line to receive name tags, brochures, etc during registration.
Students wait in the cafeteria until a teacher takes the line out.
Students wait in the library while their class- room furniture is being moved.
Students wait in the lobby for their class to be called.
Students wait to be called.
Students wait to be dismissed by teacher.
Students wait too long for printouts.
Students waiting for darkroom space are to work on magazine or reading assignment.
Students waiting for their turn can help judge when the teacher asks for help.
Students waiting to check their e-mail often far outnumber the working computers in the commons.
Students waive their right to make any claims against a telephone bill after the tenth day.
Students walk and bike across the footbridge any time of the year.
Students walk around until they guess their fungus, then turn in the card to the teacher.
Students walk around with palm-sized telephones to their ears.
Students walk away from the course with all the design tools necessary to build a house.
Students walk away understanding how the departments in the county government work.
Students walk away with practical information they can apply immediately.
Students walk by there every day on their way to get their mail.
Students walk down to score their target and retrieve their arrows.
Students walk either individually or in small groups around a large painted oval on the blacktop.
Students walk everywhere.
Students walk from building to building with backpacks carrying personal items.
Students walk in and stop dead in their tracks.
Students walk in clusters singing, chatting, testing the mountain air.
Students walk in single file on the right side of the halls and stairs.
Students walk into the arena in groups by degree.
Students walk on the right side of the hallway.
Students walk or ride the bus to go to school.
Students walk round room and have to touch somebody else's clothing when told.
Students walk the beat.
Students walk through a boxcar used in transporting prisoners to the camps.
Students walk through construction areas daily as they move from one class to another.
Students walk through the caterpillar structure into a butterfly garden.
Students walk through the country, Bible in hand.
Students walk to class with teacher.
Students walk to school, take public transit, ride bikes, or travel in their parents cars.
Students walk together across campus and offer their reflections on each station.
Students walk with principal, teachers, or adults and record mileage in a special logbook.
Students wander from class to class, their musical instrument cases, portfolios and books in hand.
Students wander in for appointments or impromptu meetings.
Students wander the halls of a virtual dinosaur gallery and explore exhibits and activities.
Students want food.
Students want ideas.
Students wanting only to complete the first-year program can receive a technical certificate .
Students wanting only to complete the first-year program can receive a technical certificate.
Students wanting to access American education have to look no further than their own computers.
Students wanting to become tutors are welcome to apply at that office.
Students wanting to fill writing requirements are welcome.
Students wanting to fish together can enter as a team with one entry listing both names.
Students wanting to obtain graduate credit have the option of earning one to three credits.
Students wanting to take the distance learning format can apply anytime.
Students wanting to use the rooms can obtain a key at the circulation desk.
Students warm up with appropriate drama game .
Students warn bar patrons to keep close watch on their drinks.
Students wash the chalk off of their hands.
Students wash the manure out of the pig house twice a day with a simple garden hose.
Students wash their hands and get drinks.
Students wash their hands.
Students waste a lot of time fiddling around with bold and italics and different fonts.
Students waste a lot time searching for information.
Students watch a drama of a defenseless animal being pursued by a Tyrannosaurus rex .
Students watch a film taken from the Internet.
Students watch a large television screen.
Students watch a live demonstration of a balloon shrinking after being immersed in liquid nitrogen.
Students watch a play performed at a remote site followed by interaction with the actors.
Students watch a slide show inside the mini-planetarium.
Students watch a teacher working with a class in a large city.
Students watch a video clip about a young boy who commits murder.
Students watch an average of three lessons each week.
Students watch and analyze a French news broadcast.
Students watch and answer the questions.
Students watch and discuss numerous films to analyze the techniques of professional film makers.
Students watch and listen closely, taking notes at the same time.
Students watch as each step of a book's creation is explored.
Students watch as several gummie-bears are oxidized in a beaker.
Students watch as the scene begins to unfold.
Students watch as the shapes cool and re-solidify.
Students watch as the steam melts the crayons into the shape of the molds.
Students watch as the use of the processing chute is demonstrated.
Students watch closely to collect data.
Students watch films each week, both in class and for homework.
Students watch introduction video on robots.
Students watch it all.
Students watch out for drugs.
Students watch string dance while learning about induction.
Students watch the balloon rise through the atmosphere.
Students watch the burning of Washington by British troops.
Students watch the cablecast program and self study at home.
Students watch the changes of the seasons from winter to spring with a seasonal terrarium.
Students watch the class on television and call the instructor with questions or comments.
Students watch the fireworks display from the football field.
Students watch the lectures on television and interact with their instructor via telephone.
Students watch the live broadcast of the top leaders identified in the pre-event activities.
Students watch the movie as part of their curriculum.
Students watch the presentation, then practice problem solving from the textbook.
Students watch the programs at home instead of regularly attending lectures on campus.
Students watch the programs from the videotapes instead of regularly attending lectures on campus.
Students watch the rocket launch their experiment into space, and return it to Earth for analysis.
Students watch the tale of the Kingdom of Wisdom on the introductory video.
Students watch the video on the ancient civilizations and take notes using the sheet.
Students watch the video once through with headphones.
Students watch the videos and understand simple stories in English.
Students watch the worms over time as they reproduce and turn garbage into usable compost.
Students watch their parents die.
Students watch their teacher or another model through the process of modeling.
Students watch their video and indicate correct mechanics as well as areas of improvement.
Students watch training videos and participate in role-playing.
Students watch video clips of actual patients while developing a rapport with the patient.
Students watch video production and read original scripts.
Students watch video segments from a videodisc to understand the situation and the problem.
Students watch, discuss, read and write about films.
Students wear a business attire uniform when meeting with a teacher or attending group seminars.
Students wear a navy blue uniform.
Students wear a wide range of clothes to class and when they socialise.
Students wear academic dress.
Students wear academic gown.
Students wear attractive, neat uniforms that build pride in their school community.
Students wear audio-active headphones and practise special dialogue from book.
Students wear baggy pants, long shirts, teachers wear nice shirts and nice pants.
Students wear casual clothing most of the time.
Students wear casual shoes including sandals and sneakers, as well as dress shoes and loafers.
Students wear clothes they like and feel comfortable in.
Students wear comfortable clothes.
Students wear dealership-type uniforms, use time cards, use repair orders, and use inspection forms.
Students wear figure or hockey skates.
Students wear green coats.
Students wear heart monitors and earn points for working out at their target heart rate.
Students wear khaki pants or skirts and colored shirts with collars.
Students wear lab aprons while the instructor often wears a labcoat.
Students wear life vests and are instructed in water safety.
Students wear makeup and costumes as part of an expression of their Christian faith.
Students wear many different hats other than just being a student.
Students wear maroon and gray uniforms, with neckties for the boys.
Students wear navy blue shirts and khaki pants and are well-kept and neatly presented.
Students wear patrol arm bands while conducting regularly scheduled energy audits of their school.
Students wear safety glasses while using power tools.
Students wear safety helmets and mount the horse from a mounting ramp.
Students wear school jackets.
Students wear school uniforms, and families are an integral part of the school.
Students wear school uniforms.
Students wear shorts and athletic shoes.
Students wear simple and attractive uniforms.
Students wear the hat color of that designated level until a new level of behavior is achieved.
Students wear the labels.
Students wear the school uniform.
Students wear their favorite shirts for fun.
Students wear their gym uniform to school.
Students wear their pants securely around their waists.
Students wear uniform dress.
Students wear uniforms and are required to memorize a poem each week.
Students wear uniforms daily.
Students wear uniforms in school until college.
Students wear uniforms of starched white and crisp navy.
Students wear uniforms to promote an atmosphere of learning.
Students wear uniforms with no trousers sagging below the waist.
Students wear uniforms.
Students wear white shirts.
Students wearing red work together, blues work together.
Students weave a variety of kono, containers, purses and kete.
Students weave on an assortment of looms.
Students weigh a number of cans, record their results and calculate the average mass of a can.
Students weigh aspirin tablets with a balance calibrated in milligrams.
Students weigh bottles and record their findings.
Students weigh environmental, economic, and social aspects of issues.
Students weigh in on state of nation's education .
Students weigh in on state of nation's education.
Students weigh the pumpkin without the pulp, but with the lid.
Students weigh the pumpkin.
Students weigh the slices every several days and note the weight in their logs.
Students weigh their gut feelings, while some schools try some carefully calibrated wooing.
Students weight their apple on the scale and record the actual weight on their recording sheet.
Students welcome and student discounts.
Students welcome comments and suggestions from program participants who are deaf.
Students welcome contacts from individuals in other institutions working in related fields.
Students welcome for summer program only or for summer program followed by study abroad.
Students welcome interest in their work.
Students welcome to apply.
Students welcome to attend.
Students Welcome to the guided tour for middle and high school students .
Students Welcome to the guided tour for middle and high school students.
Students welcome to work on project.
Students welcome, no pets.
Students welcome, too.
Students weld common fillet welds on various gauges of carbon steel and stainless steel.
Students well explore the history, theories and concepts of grief.
Students weren t the only ones gathering honors.
Students wet their hands and touch a variety of surfaces throughout the classroom.
Students when confronted with technology-based problems have nowhere to go except the instructor.
Students whirl the bottles to start a vortex.
Students wiggle with their minds and their bodies.
Students wiil interpret findings of communication research and better understand research methods.
Students wiil then come together as a large group.
Students wil always have better chance about technology as asusual.
Students wil describe some unique characteristics of the desert.
Students wil learn both acute and chronic pain management.
Students wil practice writing skills.
Students wil prior film courses preferred.
Students will have ability.
Students will have answers.
Students will have background knowledge.
Students will have chances.
Students will have difficulty.
Students will have enough background knowledge.
Students will have knowledge.
Students will have observations.
Students will have opportunity.
Students will have prior knowledge.
Students willalso learn how to write feature stories and sports stories.
Students willalso produce research papers on current national issues facing journalists.
Students willenter the course with little or no prior knowledge of the subjectmatter.
Students willlearn how prices are determined and the causes of shortages and surpluses.
Students willlearn to apply the scientific method through a series of lab exercises.
Students willreceive a package of information before they begin their shadow experience.
Students win admission to the schools through a lottery.
Students win all the way around.
Students win awards for art contest .
Students win because area businesses take an active role in their education.
Students win because new horizons are opened with every new experience.
Students win because they gain exposure to working with a real-world company.
Students win because they get hands on experience and are better prepared for the job market.
Students win because they see how their education has real world applications.
Students win fantastic prizes.
Students win national awards Four students have received prestigious national honors.
Students win points depending on how accurate their guesses are.
Students win prizes and gifts.
Students win prizes for finding good instrumentation websites.
Students win provincial competitions.
Students win the car race by correctly completing a ten question test.
Students win top prizes in regional, state and national skill tests.
Students wind up with a series of steps that are helpful at any level from beginner to professional.
Students wire a modular home which is built on campus.
Students wish to make their own decisions.
Students wishing certification as a school librarian have more complex requirements.
Students wishing escort services phone the campus security office with their location.
Students wishing further information considering polycythemia vera consider the following links .
Students wishing only to audit courses also complete the non-degree application.
Students wishing special accommodations or modifications are responsible for describing their needs.
Students wishing to apply can pick up an application from their undergraduate dean s office.
Students wishing to apply for internships during the year can apply at any time.
Students wishing to apply for the Ph.D. program make a formal application during the second year.
Students wishing to be admitted to the program apply to the departmental Honors advisor.
Students wishing to become teachers also pass a state examination.
Students wishing to brush up on the needed mathematics can find help in various ways.
Students wishing to change recitation sections can do so only with good reason.
Students wishing to complete a full academic year in Oxford can stay for a third term.
Students wishing to connect through their room supply their own computer.
Students wishing to drop one class and take another are subject to the refund policy stated above.
Students wishing to embark on part-time study are also welcome.
Students wishing to fulfill a writing requirement are welcome.
Students wishing to fulfull a writing requirement are welcome.
Students wishing to get an early start on their group presentation can sign up for a group now.
Students wishing to improve their grade by extra work have the option to do so.
Students wishing to join the program take a voluntary urinalysis for drugs.
Students wishing to live in an urban setting often live in the city of Hartford.
Students wishing to live on-campus can find accomodation for both unmarried and married students.
Students wishing to make their own arrangements for accommodation are free to do so.
Students wishing to make their own living arrangements are free to do so.
Students wishing to participate can find a rewarding place in one of the many ensembles.
Students wishing to print papers on our laser printer have priority over other computer users.
Students wishing to pursue a baccalaureate degree can transfer applicable courses.
Students wishing to pursue scientific and technical careers usually receive their training abroad.
Students wishing to pursue the medical field are preferred and experience is very valuable.
Students wishing to retake are welcome.
Students wishing to run for office have specific rules to follow.
Students wishing to stay longer than a day can enjoy lake front accommodations and home cooking.
Students wishing to study at a slower pace and take longer over the degree are able to do so.
Students wishing to study film have one full courses and twenty half courses from which to choose.
Students wishing to study in an English-speaking country or environment have many options.
Students wishing to submit work have several guidelines to follow.
Students wishing to take a computer science course have a number of options.
Students wishing to teach social studies complete a major in social studies education.
Students wishing to view a previous exam can make copies in the library.
Students wishing to withdraw can do so during the fourth week before the final examination.
Students wishing to work on their own projects, are welcome to do so.
Students withdraw from a course on line.
Students withdraw from telecourses for the same reason they initially enrolled - personal reasons.
Students withdraw objects from the corridor and clean up during discussion.
Students withdrawing after that date receive either a full refund or credit and no refund.
Students withdrawing from classes receive refunds according to the following schedule.
Students withdrawing from courses are eligible for refunds in accordance with the refund policy.
Students withdrawing from school are to contact a counselor for an exit interview.
Students withdrawing from the university are the only exception.
Students witness behavior.
Students witness gravity at work and the magnetic pull of the community working together.
Students witness instructors.
Students witness the classroom curriculum come alive through hands-on learning.
Students witness to inmates at a prison thirty miles away.
Students witness various water tests conducted at the plant.
Students wll participate in a variety of activities, both as a group and as individuals.
Students wo rk on computers doing activities being demonstrated by the instructor.
Students work a great deal with primary tests.
Students work a great deal with primary texts.
Students work a term and alternate the next term with academic study.
Students work after school hours for minimum wage in clerical and staff support jobs.
Students work all over the United States and internationally.
Students work all year to attend a spring conference located in different parts of Washington state.
Students work alone and at their own pace.
Students work alone and in teams.
Students work alone and with their peers to revise and edit.
Students work alone and within teams to develop, enhance, and analyze various algorithms.
Students work alone or in cooperative groups to complete activities at their own pace.
Students work alone or in pairs to complete exercises from text.
Students work alone rather than in a group.
Students work alone.
Students work along side faculty, staff and graduate students on a variety of research projects.
Students work along with adults to develop and sustain an eco-friendly business.
Students work alongside a large group of health economists and health service researchers.
Students work alongside dedicated professors and library professionals who inspire learning.
Students work alongside dedicated professors who inspire learning.
Students work alongside experienced scientists and graduate students as part of a research team.
Students work alongside full time staff to deliver the highest quality customer service.
Students work alongside interesting professors who inspire learning.
Students work alongside their job coaches, who also are their high school teachers.
Students work alongside their professors in the lab.
Students work also on fundamental grammar skills and on developing vocabulary.
Students work an a quiz or an in lab assignment independently and then together in groups.
Students work and also enjoy themselves in many interesting extra-curricular activities.
Students work and concentrate much, much better with classical music in the background.
Students work and conduct research with the collections.
Students work and earn bi-monthly paycheck up to their maximum award.
Students work and earn money for school.
Students work and get involved in the life of the community.
Students work and learn differently.
Students work and learn in different ways, from individual research, team study, and group projects.
Students work and learn under the joint supervision of a site supervisor and a faculty sponsor.
Students work and live in a learning community where collaboration is stressed.
Students work and make progress at their own pace.
Students work and perform in an area of their choice.
Students work and report as teams on challenging problems.
Students work and some live on farms.
Students work and study in a model beauty salon, which is open to patrons.
Students work and study in direct contact with professionals.
Students work and study with research faculty from a number of colleges and departments.
Students work approximately every other weekend.
Students work approximately ten to fifteen hours per week at the internship site.
Students work approximately ten to twenty hours a week in the internship.
Students work as a cohort, beginning and concluding their coursework together.
Students work as a design team with other cadets receiving guidance from a faculty mentor.
Students work as a special assistant to a professional media manager in their chosen field of study.
Students work as a team in cooperative groups.
Students work as a team producing glass objects for sale.
Students work as a team to develop a written plan and creatives.
Students work as a team to manage projects over many months.
Students work as a team to produce a project proposal.
Students work as a team to solve problems.
Students work as a team to solve the problem as quickly and inexpensively as possible.
Students work as a team toward completion of all the questions or objectives assigned.
Students work as a team while independently mastering all of the basic skills for their grade level.
Students work as a whole class, in small groups, or individually with base ten blocks.
Students work as a whole class, in small groups, or individually with pattern blocks.
Students work as actors, costume designers, and set designers, and also direct short, one act plays.
Students work as an agency team to develop an advertising plan for a national product or service.
Students work as an ensemble to create a presentation.
Students work as an intern on a research project with a faculty mentor and with graduate students.
Students work as anchors, reporters, photojournalists, producers and technical crew.
Students work as assistants.
Students work as both volunteers and part-time paid employees.
Students work as cast or production staff and receive periodic evaluation.
Students work as community organizers and play an active peer role in changing the culture.
Students work as curators, tour guides for public visitors, and exhibit designers and builders.
Students work as directors, actors, designers, stage managers, technicians, and playwrights.
Students work as full-time teachers, receiving assistance and evaluation.
Students work as hard as they can to ensure a place in a university or other tertiary institution.
Students work as historians.
Students work as hosts and wait persons.
Students work as in individuals or in groups.
Students work as individuals and as members of teams to develop an understanding of design process.
Students work as individuals on selected laboratory experiments.
Students work as individuals or in pairs.
Students work as interns in infant or junior schools in the vicinity of Oxford.
Students work as interns in operating organizations.
Students work as laboratory, greenhouse, field, and office assistants.
Students work as magazine reporters to produce a print or multimedia magazine about rain forests.
Students work as members and leaders of innovative problem-solving teams.
Students work as online reporters, editors and producers for an online newsmagazine.
Students work as paraprofessionals in multicultural classroom settings.
Students work as partners in cooperative teams.
Students work as partners or in teams to develop their human relationship skills.
Students work as peer tutors in most subject areas.
Students work as producers and hosts.
Students work as producers, writers, reporters, on-air talent and technicians.
Students work as professionals at sites, which match individual interests and preparation.
Students work as project teams, using project management tools to develop implementation strategies.
Students work as reporters, copyeditors, tape editors, media assistants and other positions.
Students work as research assistants and collaborators with faculty researchers.
Students work as research assistants on projects that are supervised by a faculty mentor.
Students work as research teams to create and assess the best slime.
Students work as teachers or teaching assistants to academically talented younger students.
Students work as teaching assistants in the third and fourth years of the program.
Students work as team members in clinical group practices.
Students work as teams collecting field data to test hypotheses about forest habitats.
Students work as teams in presenting papers.
Students work as teams of scientists to solve two challenging assignments about rainforest plants.
Students work as teams to apply concepts and skills to the course's case study and examples.
Students work as teams to complete several extended research projects.
Students work as teams to design and build a project.
Students work as teams under the guidance of a faculty adviser.
Students work as teams, and individually, to understand and resolve two major environmental issues.
Students work as trainee management consultants with small businesses in the area.
Students work as writers, editors, graphic artists and photographers for the college newspaper.
Students work as writers, reporters and editors.
Students work as writers, reporters, photographers and editors.
Students work at a computer as the instructor walks through program commands.
Students work at a job too many hours and ruin their academic careers.
Students work at a level appropriate to their ability.
Students work at a level matched to their training and aspirations.
Students work at a number of agricultural related businesses.
Students work at a variety of learning stations.
Students work at all times in close cooperation with individual faculty members in their area.
Students work at an accelerated pace with above grade level material.
Students work at an individual pace in production of sculptural ideas and objects.
Students work at clinical sites under the supervision of certified podiatrists.
Students work at community sites which focus on problems in which gender plays a defining role.
Students work at different jobs that relate to their field and are moved from site to site.
Students work at different paces.
Students work at each module for seven days.
Students work at every stage, from laying the foundation to installing kitchen cabinets.
Students work at home and are assigned specific reading.
Students work at home, at school, at the library, or anywhere at anytime.
Students work at home, at school, or anywhere.
Students work at home, at their own pace from structured learning materials.
Students work at home, in close contact with experienced tutors and assessors.
Students work at hospitals, soup kitchens, homeless shelters, and day-care centers.
Students work at individual computer terminals.
Students work at least three days a week, sometimes four.
Students work at local women's agencies, in consultation with faculty sponsors.
Students work at mastering the basic skills by practicing various kinds of shots.
Students work at one of four sites in the community.
Students work at terminals for written assignments.
Students work at the agency and write reports on their experiences.
Students work at the bank and mall stores.
Students work at the center for at least three consecutive semesters.
Students work at the desk and are available to assist residents and visitors.
Students work at the food pantry and participate in the crop walk to give back to the community.
Students work at the information booth and the tide pool interpretive station.
Students work at the practicum site three full days per week for two semesters.
Students work at the same level or higher than the level of the programme.
Students work at their individual skills level and progress at their own pace.
Students work at their maximum potential and keep a portfolio of their achievements.
Students work at their our pace, on their own time.
Students work at their own computer workstations throughout the class.
Students work at their own individualized pace.
Students work at their own level and are inspired to challenge themselves for maximum benefits.
Students work at their own level of technical ability.
Students work at their own level on computer programs.
Students work at their own level, competing only against themselves.
Students work at their own level.
Students work at their own levels and all efforts are applauded.
Students work at their own levels and they enjoy it.
Students work at their own levels of abilities.
Students work at their own pace and attend school four hours a day in one of three shifts.
Students work at their own pace and can check their readiness by taking pretests in class.
Students work at their own pace and can enroll at any point in the year.
Students work at their own pace and convenience.
Students work at their own pace and have three months to complete one module.
Students work at their own pace and in their own time.
Students work at their own pace and on their own schedule.
Students work at their own pace and pick their own subjects.
Students work at their own pace and receive feedback and information from an assigned teacher.
Students work at their own pace and receive individual help.
Students work at their own pace and set their own goals for their performance.
Students work at their own pace and submit assignments as they are completed.
Students work at their own pace during any supervised time listed on the time chart.
Students work at their own pace in an atmosphere of sharing ideas, information and skills.
Students work at their own pace on an individual basis in math and english.
Students work at their own pace on classes, either at home or in the lab.
Students work at their own pace on their individual course plan.
Students work at their own pace provide the earn a minimum of one credit per quarter.
Students work at their own pace through each lesson.
Students work at their own pace to brush up on basic reading, math, and writing skills.
Students work at their own pace to complete a project by the assigned deadline.
Students work at their own pace to complete the required competencies.
Students work at their own pace to complete weekly assignments.
Students work at their own pace to enhance the regular classroom instruction.
Students work at their own pace to supplement their classroom instruction.
Students work at their own pace using the textbook and compiler software.
Students work at their own pace which means that motivation and effort are key to success.
Students work at their own pace while developing and mastering key vocational competencies.
Students work at their own pace with an instructor available to answer questions.
Students work at their own pace with both individualized and group instruction.
Students work at their own pace with computer software and individualized tutorial assistance.
Students work at their own pace with instructor.
Students work at their own pace within a specific time frame for completion of each module.
Students work at their own pace within each module.
Students work at their own pace, and, as a result, are happy as they make positive progress.
Students work at their own pace, but the assignments are guided so they learn the needed skills.
Students work at their own pace, completing five lesson modules per week.
Students work at their own pace, mastering each step as they move forward in their reading program.
Students work at their own pace, which allows for flexibility and convenience.
Students work at their own pace.
Students work at their own paces and levels to write.
Students work at their own paces to progress individually through the modules of each course.
Students work at their own rate and decide how they are going to be evaluated.
Students work at their own rate of speed and their own learning levels.
Students work at their own rate of speed to complete assigned work within the instructional term.
Students work at their own rate.
Students work at their own speed on lessons like mastering figures of speech.
Students work at their own speed to complete the activity pages.
Students work at their own time and speed.
Students work at their own workstation to maximize lab time.
Students work at their pace, and a six-month time frame is suggested to complete the course.
Students work at various campus jobs during the semester, which pays for their tuition.
Students work at various crew positions.
Students work at various projects in connection with their studies in the classroom.
Students work autonomously, taking responsibility for their own learning.
Students work away from the computer to analyze the data and draw conclusions.
Students work awfully hard in middle and high schools.
Students work backward from a given output to find the corresponding input.
Students work behind the scenes and in front of the microphone.
Students work best in groups when they are given clear, explicit guidance.
Students work better together and learn more with two people rather than one.
Students work both collaboratively and individually on a major research project in social history.
Students work both in black and white and color, and in a variety of media.
Students work both in the field and in the greenhouse.
Students work both independently and in groups while carrying out the various tasks in the workbook.
Students work both independently and in small groups solving scientific problems in the lab.
Students work both independently and in teams to find solutions to practical problems.
Students work both independently and with the faculty and visiting artists.
Students work both individually and collaboratively to achieve academic excellence.
Students work both individually and in groups to complete different portions of the exam.
Students work both on site in natural habitats and in the laboratory.
Students work by pairs on a topic during the term.
Students work by trial and error.
Students work closely in an interactive junior year, and focus on major elective courses as seniors.
Students work closely on an individual basis with the instructor.
Students work closely under the supervision of veteran directors or designers.
Students work closely with a core faculty member to design the overall structure of their programs.
Students work closely with a faculty adviser.
Students work closely with a faculty member in formulating and implementing the study.
Students work closely with a faculty member on a mutually chosen project.
Students work closely with a faculty mentor in their major or minor area of interest.
Students work closely with a faculty mentor to complete a research project.
Students work closely with a faculty mentor to create a portfolio of their best works.
Students work closely with a faculty mentor.
Students work closely with a faculty supervisor on their projects.
Students work closely with a firm they have selected to produce a formal strategic plan.
Students work closely with a homeroom adviser.
Students work closely with a member of the academic staff.
Students work closely with a mentor while learning to use a computer.
Students work closely with a research advisor.
Students work closely with a supervisor with whom they have regular tutorials.
Students work closely with a supervisor.
Students work closely with adults who have a wide variety of physical and sensory impairments.
Students work closely with advisors in developing and executing their senior projects.
Students work closely with advisors to plan and carry out their projects.
Students work closely with an academic adviser who teaches in the program.
Students work closely with an academic advisor to develop a plan of study.
Students work closely with an advisor to develop a plan of study.
Students work closely with an experienced faculty member or staff researcher.
Students work closely with an individual faculty member.
Students work closely with an instructor in a basic writing course.
Students work closely with at risk teens providing tutoring and building healthy relationships.
Students work closely with authors to prepare articles for publication.
Students work closely with business partners, participating in career shadowing and internships.
Students work closely with clinical case studies.
Students work closely with community leaders on projects that effect youth.
Students work closely with dedicated program faculty to develop supportive, mentoring relationships.
Students work closely with departmental faculty as well as visiting artists.
Students work closely with distinguished scholars and writers.
Students work closely with each other and the instructor as they define topics and revise drafts.
Students work closely with faculty advisers to develop appropriate and meaningful programs of study.
Students work closely with faculty advisers to make sure their program fits their goals.
Students work closely with faculty advisers to plan their courses of study.
Students work closely with faculty advisers to select an appropriate course of study.
Students work closely with faculty and are encouraged to work in teams.
Students work closely with faculty and are graded on their work throughout the semester.
Students work closely with faculty and most publish prior to receiving their degree.
Students work closely with faculty and postdoctoral fellows.
Students work closely with faculty and staff in classrooms, labs and during advising.
Students work closely with faculty and staff on individual research projects.
Students work closely with faculty in a small class environment.
Students work closely with faculty in arranging and evaluating the workplace experience.
Students work closely with faculty in carrying out their research projects.
Students work closely with faculty in cognitive, computational, and systems neuroscience.
Students work closely with faculty in performance preparation and rehearsal techniques.
Students work closely with faculty in small classes.
Students work closely with faculty in their area of concentration.
Students work closely with faculty members in small classes, tutorials, and on individual projects.
Students work closely with faculty members on research of mutual interest.
Students work closely with faculty members on research projects of mutual interest.
Students work closely with faculty of their choice.
Students work closely with faculty on cutting-edge research projects.
Students work closely with faculty on frontier research projects.
Students work closely with faculty to design programs to fit their individual needs.
Students work closely with faculty to develop individual programs of study.
Students work closely with faculty to develop their degree plans.
Students work closely with faculty to produce a potentially publishable paper.
Students work closely with faculty to solicit and select articles for publication.
Students work closely with faculty who are engaged in high-level research and scholarship.
Students work closely with faculty, who have academic and professional experience.
Students work closely with faculty.
Students work closely with graduate faculty members during the research process.
Students work closely with instructors during the first three days of the course.
Students work closely with local firms to gain practical work experience.
Students work closely with medieval books in local collections.
Students work closely with members of a nationally recognized faculty.
Students work closely with mentors to learn about effective leadership.
Students work closely with one another during classes to help solve problems and develop skills.
Students work closely with other primary care providers.
Students work closely with outstanding scholars who are committed to teaching.
Students work closely with professors and staff to define a program that meets their specific needs.
Students work closely with professors in small classes.
Students work closely with professors in specialized areas of expertise.
Students work closely with professors.
Students work closely with Russian scientists and the archeology and paleontology teams.
Students work closely with the faculty, and the small class sizes mean that nobody gets left out.
Students work closely with the library on reading, theater and recycling projects.
Students work closely with the professor in examining a particular genre or topic.
Students work closely with the professor in the preparation of both written and oral communications.
Students work closely with the theatre performance faculty, who act as mentors.
Students work closely with their adviser to define a program that matches their goals and interests.
Students work closely with their advisers and often complete two clinical tracks.
Students work closely with their advisers in selecting courses best suited for their program.
Students work closely with their advisers, internship coordinators and faculty mentors.
Students work closely with their advisor to develop a transfer plan for their major.
Students work closely with their advisor to select appropriate courses and to develop career goals.
Students work closely with their chosen advisors to design and complete their programs.
Students work closely with their faculty mentors and interact extensively with each other.
Students work closely with their major professor to design a program to meet their needs.
Students work closely with their professors.
Students work closely with transit professionals to learn the operation of New York City Transit.
Students work closely with writers on the faculty and with one another.
Students work collaboratively and make some decisions.
Students work collaboratively as well as independently.
Students work collaboratively in a linguistically and culturally rich context.
Students work collaboratively in groups of four to produce their images.
Students work collaboratively in groups on their research and to jointly present an oral report.
Students work collaboratively in research projects and tax problem resolution.
Students work collaboratively in teams.
Students work collaboratively in the analysis and resolution of problems and case studies.
Students work collaboratively on a real life task taking on real life simulation roles.
Students work collaboratively on learning activities and research projects.
Students work collaboratively on preparing the boards.
Students work collaboratively on projects to help the homeless.
Students work collaboratively to create a class graph using all data.
Students work collaboratively to learn about the roles and tasks involved in newspaper production.
Students work collaboratively to produce and edit three short projects.
Students work collaboratively to solve a problem.
Students work collaboratively with scientists to track animal migrations.
Students work collaboratively.
Students work collectively using the links to various articles.
Students work collectively, presenting and implementing various issues raised in the course.
Students work concurrently in group design projects emphasizing both written and oral deliverables.
Students work concurrently on group design projects emphasizing written and oral deliverables.
Students work cooperatively and in teams to find creative and practical solutions to problems.
Students work cooperatively and share equipment.
Students work cooperatively during weekly science labs.
Students work cooperatively in a group to complete a task.
Students work cooperatively in groups.
Students work cooperatively in pairs.
Students work cooperatively to achieve a common goal.
Students work cooperatively to challenge and help each other during training.
Students work cooperatively to develop a plan to deal with a community problem.
Students work cooperatively to edit all work.
Students work cooperatively together using their creativity.
Students work cooperatively together.
Students work cooperatively with each other throughout the degree program.
Students work cooperatively with peers and volunteers to develop critical thinking skills.
Students work cooperatively with peers and volunteers to develop critical-thinking skills.
Students work cooperatively with peers.
Students work cooperatively, passing the keyboard to give each student in their group equal access.
Students work cooperatively, share information and resources and assist others.
Students work cooperatively.
Students work cooperativiely in outdoor laboratories and learn the value of teamwork.
Students work daily in small groups with students of a similar reading level.
Students work daily living problems.
Students work different hours than most faculty.
Students work diligently on fundraising, design and manufacturing, and race logistics planning.
Students work diligently to mold their models before the vehicles are fiberglassed.
Students work directly from the model.
Students work directly on human rights and labor rights campaigns.
Students work directly under the supervision of a certified athletic trainer and physician.
Students work directly with a faculty mentor on graduate projects.
Students work directly with a given faculty member within the department.
Students work directly with a master teacher in each area.
Students work directly with at-risk children in a therapeutic classroom.
Students work directly with children.
Students work directly with city officials and planners through externships and summer employment.
Students work directly with clients at nearby facilities as part of their course of study.
Students work directly with clients under the supervision of a professional social worker.
Students work directly with companies and organizations related to their major.
Students work directly with faculty and staff to produce all of our top quality productions.
Students work directly with faculty in an on-going project.
Students work directly with faculty incompleting a research project.
Students work directly with mentors located close to their home towns.
Students work directly with professors and their research groups on projects of mutual interest.
Students work directly with site supervisors to create and manage their own internship experiences.
Students work directly with staff.
Students work directly with their adviser to choose courses that meet their professional interests.
Students work directly with their professors, gaining invaluable hands-on experience.
Students work during class primarily in randomly created groups of approximately four.
Students work during class sessions and also independently.
Students work eagerly, once they learn they can keep what they make.
Students work eight hours a day, five days per week.
Students work either as part of a research team or independently.
Students work either full or part time and earn one-half to two full courses.
Students work either individually or in small groups with trained instructional assistants.
Students work either individually or in small groups with trained student assistants.
Students work either with gifted children or with children in special programs in a magnet school.
Students work entirely on their own.
Students work five hours weekly under joint supervision of site coordinator and instructor.
Students work flexible semester or year round schedules.
Students work for a company on a particular project, and make a written and oral presentation.
Students work for a small company developing a real, but small application.
Students work for a variety of reasons.
Students work for academic credit in judges' chambers and courthouses.
Students work for approximately a full academic year.
Students work for approximately three hours before returning to school.
Students work for eight weeks, full time during the summer, with a mentor in science or engineering.
Students work for lending institutions such as commercial and farm banks.
Students work for licensure unless they are already credentialed.
Students work for one to two hours per week on a regular basis.
Students work for the organizations in a summer internship capacity.
Students work for various retail outlets and department stores in the area.
Students work from a base of background knowledge and then become scientists.
Students work from a college text, practice with college exams and do intensive laboratory work.
Students work from a live model.
Students work from a rigorous curriculum that stresses the mastery of basic skills.
Students work from a variety of subjects including still life, interior, landscape, and human form.
Students work from black and white photographs.
Students work from concept to specifics.
Students work from conceptual design to a ready-manufactured part.
Students work from direct observation with still life, landscape and the figure.
Students work from direct observation with still life, landscape, and the figure.
Students work from life to create still lifes, portraits, figure studies and landscapes.
Students work from live models using traditional and mixed drawing media.
Students work from one to four days per week as regular paid employees.
Students work from primary literature.
Students work from still life compositions as well as other traditional set ups.
Students work from still life set-ups and live models.
Students work from the figure, still life, memory, and imagination to enhance portfolio pieces.
Students work from the foil side.
Students work from the safety of their homes or institutional computer clusters.
Students work from varied life sources and imagination in oils and acrylics.
Students work full time during the summer.
Students work full time either fall or spring semester or during the summer.
Students work full time for a semester and receive academic credit and a stipend.
Students work full time for about eight weeks either in the office, lab, or field.
Students work full-time for one semester and one summer.
Students work full-time for two summers beginning after their senior year in high school.
Students work full-time in professional positions that match their skills and academic interests.
Students work full-time on a biomedical research project in the laboratory.
Students work full-time, four days a week, while also enrolling in a related course.
Students work full-time, four days a week, while also enrolling in a related, weekly seminar course.
Students work full-time, four days per week, as interns.
Students work hand in hand with either a faculty or community mentor.
Students work hands on during the second day to anchor information recieved during the first day.
Students work hands-on in the development of enrichment programs.
Students work hard all year long to improve their physical fitness.
Students work hard all year to achieve the grand prize.
Students work hard and play hard.
Students work hard at accomplishing tasks and reaching goals.
Students work hard at their chosen course of study, with many having part time jobs.
Students work hard but still like to have a good time.
Students work hard in the laboratory.
Students work hard in their fifth period class to learn new dances and practice old ones.
Students work hard on digging out the sand from underneath the house.
Students work hard on their letters.
Students work hard to complete their school assignments.
Students work hard to create informative as well as entertaining presentations.
Students work hard to improve their academic skills.
Students work hard to own and maintain personal items.
Students work hard to prepare to take on the roles of family members in a wagon train heading west.
Students work hard.
Students work harder at their assignments when they use computers.
Students work harder for some teachers than for others.
Students work harder for teachers who dress in suits.
Students work here on a volunteer basis and receive three credits toward general education studies.
Students work here on campus learning the fundamentals of personnel work.
Students work here.
Students work in a biotechnology laboratory.
Students work in a business or industry during the lab portion of their school day.
Students work in a classroom setting, then have access to machines outside the classroom setting.
Students work in a collaborative environment with instructors and peers.
Students work in a company on a project for the summer and receive a training allowance.
Students work in a computer lab-at least one computer per two students.
Students work in a cross-cultural setting on project teams with students from a host institution.
Students work in a departmental computer lab to augment their quantitative classes and projects.
Students work in a group setting and discuss their progress in breakout sections.
Students work in a hypothetical situation where technology is threatened.
Students work in a lab setting through hands-on learning in the field of museum studies.
Students work in a laboratory setting with human skeletal materials.
Students work in a laboratory situation under qualified instructors.
Students work in a large open studio space equipped with platforms for models and still lifes.
Students work in a mentoring relationship with a faculty member.
Students work in a number of different areas on the backstage production aspects of the theatre.
Students work in a political campaign organization to fulfill part of their course requirements.
Students work in a practicum atmosphere with opportunity to do hands-on broadcasting.
Students work in a professional audio production studio.
Students work in a professional design atmosphere with computerized equipment.
Students work in a professional role in an organizational setting.
Students work in a range of media including charcoal, oil stick, acrylic paint and wash.
Students work in a restaurant kitchen while enrolled at the college.
Students work in a room teaming with living things, technology, and things of wonder.
Students work in a studio environment.
Students work in a team and develop a strong network with their peers.
Students work in a team while determining the feasiblity of their business ideas .
Students work in a travel agency developing business and organizational skills.
Students work in a tutorial capacity in the teaching of mathematical concepts.
Students work in a variety of areas including metallurgy, ceramics, polymers, and microelectronics.
Students work in a variety of departmental offices and are paid once a month.
Students work in a variety of field settings while conducting their research activities.
Students work in a variety of group configurations, as well as independently.
Students work in a variety of media using manual, computer, video, and body-based approaches.
Students work in a variety of media, including pen and ink, charcoal, pencil, and pastels.
Students work in a variety of settings to assist clients to improve or maintain nutritional health.
Students work in a variety of station staff positions.
Students work in a variety of techniques including cel, model, computer, and effect animation.
Students work in a variety of techniques utilizing different media.
Students work in a variety of techniques, including cel, model, computer and effects animation.
Students work in a variety of techniques, including cel, model, computer, and effects animation.
Students work in a well equipped, pleasant ceramics laboratory.
Students work in acrylics, pastels, watercolors and various drawing media.
Students work in acting, vocal techniques, production design, and stage directing.
Students work in all areas of the production team when recording programs for use on the air.
Students work in all areas of theatre at Whitman.
Students work in all positions, advised and supervised by experienced faculty members.
Students work in all safe weather conditions including hot, cold, light rain, etc.
Students work in an appropriate psychological counseling setting with clients under supervision.
Students work in an approved government or government-related office.
Students work in an approved professional setting.
Students work in an area of study suitable to their interests and goals.
Students work in an internship in the Washington area.
Students work in areas of the law such as housing, penal, consumer, welfare, and the environment.
Students work in ateliers and studios, where they are supervised by lecturers and tutors.
Students work in bands, developing group performance skills.
Students work in both a computer lab and a classroom.
Students work in both customary and metric systems and solve problems using data from a table.
Students work in both guest service and food preparation roles.
Students work in both independently and in teams to complete assignments.
Students work in both the studio and library in order to create both functional and abstract pieces.
Students work in both traditional and electronic mediums.
Students work in business teams throughout the week.
Students work in buzz groups or brainstorm individually to develop alternative topics.
Students work in churches, correctional institutions, pregnancy centers, hospitals, and schools.
Students work in class and homework.
Students work in class as news anchors, interviewers, talk show participants, and dramatic actors.
Students work in class on different perspectives on social policy.
Students work in class with digital cameras, AV computers, a scanner and other various technology.
Students work in classroom settings assisting teachers, as well as supervising playground games.
Students work in clay, plaster, and wire construction.
Students work in collaboration with our faculty to individualize and self-direct their studies.
Students work in collaboration with specific communities to develop digital images.
Students work in collaboration with teachers, classmates and community members.
Students work in collaborative groups in a technology-rich studio classroom.
Students work in collaborative groups to design the recreation facility.
Students work in collaborative groups.
Students work in college facilities earning minimum wage.
Students work in communities.
Students work in community jobs such as clerical, day care and store clerk.
Students work in community jobs such as clerical, day care, and store clerk.
Students work in community with one another, but they also work independently with mentors.
Students work in computer labs throughout campus, and many classrooms are wired for computer access.
Students work in conjunction with a faculty member and a supervisor at the job site.
Students work in conjunction with a faculty mentor and a supervisor at the job site.
Students work in consultation with faculty advisors.
Students work in cooperate groups so they compliment each others' strengths and weaknesses.
Students work in cooperation with local fishermen, managers, educators, and conservation biologists.
Students work in cooperative groups alot in discussion sections, but also in labs and in lectures.
Students work in cooperative groups and are in competition with each other.
Students work in cooperative groups and whole-class collaborative discussion.
Students work in cooperative groups of four to study basic concepts about energy.
Students work in cooperative groups that are in competition with each other.
Students work in cooperative groups to do the lesson.
Students work in cooperative groups to maintain a correspondence with one of the key pals.
Students work in cooperative groups, where each member accepts a specified role.
Students work in cooperative learning groups for storywriting project.
Students work in cooperative learning groups simulating a research mode in which scientist engage.
Students work in cooperative learning groups.
Students work in cooperative learning teams to learn academic objectives.
Students work in cooperative teams.
Students work in crews on location.
Students work in depth on a broad range of fine arts and crafts design areas.
Students work in design teams and meet weekly with their faculty sponsor.
Students work in design teams on a major design project.
Students work in developing an effective public education campaign for delivery.
Students work in diverse groups, in or out of the school building, investigating topics.
Students work in dyads to perform peer editing tasks.
Students work in either copper, brass or silver to create custom pieces.
Students work in etching, lithography, silkscreen, and non-toxic photographic processes.
Students work in faculty-supervised teams with sponsoring businesses in the Phoenix and Tucson area.
Students work in fields connected with their majors and are supervised by employers and faculty.
Students work in fields that they are interested in pursuing as their careers.
Students work in Finland or Sweden paid positions for the summer.
Students work in front of the camera and can immediately review their own performances.
Students work in fully equipped scenery and property shops and studios.
Students work in fund raising efforts to help defray part of the cost for the program.
Students work in groups after reading aloud or silently.
Students work in groups analyzing the price outlook for an agricultural commodity.
Students work in groups and act as consultants to the host organisation.
Students work in groups and also have the opportunity to specialise in key production areas.
Students work in groups and apply the techniques studied to semester long projects.
Students work in groups and as teams to design a computer-controlled optical instrument.
Students work in groups and create a presentation on their author.
Students work in groups and have hands-on experience with community assessment and intervention.
Students work in groups and individually on a variety of projects.
Students work in groups and individually.
Students work in groups and learn different sampling and measuring methods each week.
Students work in groups and take responsibility for various course topics.
Students work in groups and use the computers as a regular part of the school day.
Students work in groups and use water-based markers to outline polygons found in the pictures.
Students work in groups and write role-plays which they perform for the rest of the class.
Students work in groups but meet as a class with instructor for critiques.
Students work in groups for field and follow-up laboratory work.
Students work in groups for preparation of laboratory reports and a term project.
Students work in groups here as well.
Students work in groups of about ten persons in their own dedicated group rooms.
Students work in groups of eight with a faculty tutor.
Students work in groups of five.
Students work in groups of four and ask different questions and chart.
Students work in groups of four as they go on a scavenger hunt through Asia.
Students work in groups of four for ten class periods.
Students work in groups of four in the lab.
Students work in groups of four or so - lack of full participation by all.
Students work in groups of four with assigned tasks.
Students work in groups of four, and each group dissects a dog.
Students work in groups of four, and emphasis is placed on observation and group collaboration.
Students work in groups of four.
Students work in groups of from two to six on a small, independent design or development project.
Students work in groups of six.
Students work in groups of three at round tables seating nine students.
Students work in groups of three or four.
Students work in groups of three to complete a variety of timed math problems.
Students work in groups of three to four on the design of an energy system.
Students work in groups of three.
Students work in groups of two or three to create shadow creatures using their bodies.
Students work in groups of two or three, with data analysis and lab reports completed individually.
Students work in groups of two or three.
Students work in groups of two or to four.
Students work in groups of two to four.
Students work in groups of two with minimal faculty supervision.
Students work in groups of two, or three at most.
Students work in groups of two.
Students work in groups on a single public policy problem for the entire quarter.
Students work in groups on final research project.
Students work in groups on real business problems behaving like a consultancy firm.
Students work in groups on special research projects.
Students work in groups on the problems to promote communication of mathematical ideas.
Students work in groups or individually and can perform many noninvasive studies of animal behavior.
Students work in groups or individually for several days until the problem is solved.
Students work in groups or individually.
Students work in groups representing a range of stakeholders having input into the plan.
Students work in groups research the role of either a producer, consumer, or decomposer.
Students work in groups to accomplish a common goal.
Students work in groups to analyze and display their data set.
Students work in groups to analyze cases, problems, and work situations.
Students work in groups to analyze each other s screenplays.
Students work in groups to answer six content-related questions.
Students work in groups to brainstorm the possibilities.
Students work in groups to build a fully autonomous mobile robot system.
Students work in groups to carefully examine and evaluate Web sites relating to a particular topic.
Students work in groups to compare lists and to make a group master list.
Students work in groups to compile data.
Students work in groups to complete the research project.
Students work in groups to construct and explain how three pulley arrangements work.
Students work in groups to create a creature that is a compilation of each members best trait.
Students work in groups to create a floor plan, first on paper and then on the computer.
Students work in groups to create a good poll and a bad poll.
Students work in groups to decide how to divide a rectangular candy bar among four people.
Students work in groups to design and implement activ-ist projects.
Students work in groups to design specific parts of a recreation center.
Students work in groups to design their own master plan.
Students work in groups to develop fact sheets about their assigned motor vehicle.
Students work in groups to develop interpersonal and problem solving skills.
Students work in groups to develop their own national budget plans.
Students work in groups to draft a list of the top ten most influential people in world history.
Students work in groups to draw and label the type of soil profile found in their biome.
Students work in groups to explore fraction multiplication and division.
Students work in groups to identify math facts of a given number.
Students work in groups to investigate properties of staircase numbers.
Students work in groups to investigate the models and present written reports on their work.
Students work in groups to learn team-building and problem solving.
Students work in groups to locate and correct the errors.
Students work in groups to make adobe.
Students work in groups to organize the information to find the median, mode, and range of the data.
Students work in groups to present their final report.
Students work in groups to produce a short drama from scripts developed in class.
Students work in groups to research information about five cities including present location.
Students work in groups to set up their own small engine service shop business in a written report.
Students work in groups to solve problems.
Students work in groups to summarize the story, or some aspect of it.
Students work in groups to support one another.
Students work in groups to test theories and practice skills.
Students work in groups to write a report or generate a presentation for the entire class.
Students work in groups to write their letter for funding.
Students work in groups with a trained instructor as they participate in the activities.
Students work in groups with an emphasis on hands-on environmental studies.
Students work in groups with faculty members on focused projects.
Students work in groups with pencil box pieces, a ruler, calculator, and instruction sheet.
Students work in groups writing a script and preparing a production.
Students work in groups, do projects and engage in discussions.
Students work in groups, filling in the charts.
Students work in groups, present papers, and give project status reports.
Students work in groups, sitting in squares, four to a table.
Students work in groups, under faculty supervision, for clients in the community.
Students work in groups, with each student being responsible for specific aspects of the production.
Students work in groups.
Students work in hands-on centers to explore all concepts.
Students work in health care areas.
Students work in heterogeneous groups.
Students work in history, literature, chemistry, and computer science.
Students work in hospitals, clinics, and nursing homes.
Students work in individual studios with a diverse faculty.
Students work in individual tutorials with a faculty advisor and a tutor.
Students work in industry and attend college during alternate quarters or as arranged.
Students work in industry, research settings, or academic institutions.
Students work in instructor-assembled development teams.
Students work in interdisciplinary teams to complete the projects.
Students work in interdisciplinary teams to develop a product from inception to market.
Students work in isolation.
Students work in lab groups of five.
Students work in laboratory of faculty member on clearly defined project.
Students work in local community and government agencies on special projects.
Students work in meaningful jobs.
Students work in mid-fire stoneware clay producing bowls, cups, jars, teapots, etc.
Students work in more than one medium and explore mixed media possibilities as well.
Students work in multi-age classrooms with a program of studies designed to meet individual needs.
Students work in multi-age groupings that support diversity.
Students work in multidisciplinary teams of three to perform the experiments.
Students work in multi-person teams of software projects of significant scale.
Students work in new and traditional techniques.
Students work in news, advertising, public relations or photography.
Students work in nuclear engineering positions in industry and at national laboratories.
Students work in numerous research laboratories on both the engineering and medical school campuses.
Students work in oil , acrylic or mixed media.
Students work in oil and acrylic.
Students work in oil from a live model.
Students work in oils or acrylics, and learn new ways of approaching the still life.
Students work in on-campus studios to complete lab assignments and projects.
Students work in one of four professional sequences suitable to their interests and goals.
Students work in one-assignment throughout their program.
Students work in organisations under the supervision of an academic staff member.
Students work in paid or unpaid positions in an area related to their career interests.
Students work in paid positions and can also earn academic credit for their work experience.
Students work in paid positions and can earn academic credit for their work experience.
Students work in pairs .
Students work in pairs and build the piece during class.
Students work in pairs and collaborative learning is stressed.
Students work in pairs and create a set of four guessing cards.
Students work in pairs and determine if what they observe is a physical or chemical change.
Students work in pairs and examine the three transcripts of the Emancipation Proclamation.
Students work in pairs and exchange their papers in order to compare and discuss their responses.
Students work in pairs and groups of three.
Students work in pairs and meet weekly with their faculty supervisor to discuss their cases.
Students work in pairs and negotiate against another pair of students acting as attorneys.
Students work in pairs and perform the labs according to the schedule of experiments handout.
Students work in pairs and select an outfit to make for a homeless child.
Students work in pairs and small groups.
Students work in pairs and then share a few strategies.
Students work in pairs and write up a formal mediation agreement if agreement is reached.
Students work in pairs at a workstation that resembles an office cubicle.
Students work in pairs choosing one fire safety idea to make a poster .
Students work in pairs during in-class lab tests.
Students work in pairs for directed examination in an atlas.
Students work in pairs in data collection.
Students work in pairs in middle school, as they feel more comfortable that way.
Students work in pairs in the laboratory.
Students work in pairs in their modules.
Students work in pairs of two.
Students work in pairs on at least one major case during the semester.
Students work in pairs on learning modules that are self-directed.
Students work in pairs on one of the following topics.
Students work in pairs on the lab machines, but do their own assessment.
Students work in pairs on the recognition practice.
Students work in pairs on X-terminals to complete the lab work.
Students work in pairs or groups of three.
Students work in pairs or groups to solve problems.
Students work in pairs or groups, they take a card and ask the questions to the other students.
Students work in pairs or in a large group.
Students work in pairs or small groups and role-play an extract from a book they have read.
Students work in pairs or small groups on the various labs.
Students work in pairs or small groups to experiment and make conjectures.
Students work in pairs or small teams to solve the problems.
Students work in pairs researching and writing half of the issues of their joint brief.
Students work in pairs the rest of the semester.
Students work in pairs to answer specific questions on the Internet.
Students work in pairs to become the resident experts on a person or event from history.
Students work in pairs to classify the list of nouns into count and noncount.
Students work in pairs to collect and enter data and to produce reports of their findings.
Students work in pairs to complete comprehensive labs.
Students work in pairs to complete the activity.
Students work in pairs to complete the template independently during work stations.
Students work in pairs to complete their individual route.
Students work in pairs to compose and refine their messages.
Students work in pairs to construct deck chairs.
Students work in pairs to correct erroneous information and elaborate on certain ideas and concepts.
Students work in pairs to create a role play that explains how and why to recycle an item.
Students work in pairs to create a three card autobiographical stack.
Students work in pairs to critique each other's work.
Students work in pairs to describe someone or tell a story.
Students work in pairs to design and construct their own barge to float the maximum amount of cargo.
Students work in pairs to discuss the position of various objects in relation to one another.
Students work in pairs to fill in the blanks with Many, much, or a lot of as appropriate.
Students work in pairs to help each other.
Students work in pairs to identify bones of skull and vertebrae.
Students work in pairs to identify bones of the appendicular division.
Students work in pairs to interview each other about wedding customs in their home countries.
Students work in pairs to interview each other.
Students work in pairs to match the word form of the number to the standard form.
Students work in pairs to plan a field trip.
Students work in pairs to read related or parallel works.
Students work in pairs to research, plan, and deliver a one-hour class to undergraduate students.
Students work in pairs to review types of joints and body movements.
Students work in pairs to solve problems.
Students work in pairs to touch a total number of body parts to the floor.
Students work in pairs to trace each other.
Students work in pairs until one person sinks all of the other person's ships or time runs out.
Students work in pairs with modern conditioning apparatus, using both animal and human subjects.
Students work in pairs, each mediating at least one couple to conclusion.
Students work in pairs, first choosing how much to read.
Students work in pairs, if they so choose, to develop creative story problems.
Students work in pairs, in small groups, and independently at times.
Students work in pairs, so one can go ahead and open doors, etc.
Students work in pairs, the first student prepares the packet with two booklets.
Students work in pairs, using the equipment provided at computer workstations.
Students work in pairs, visiting each other's churches.
Students work in pairs.
Students work in partners or groups.
Students work in partners to form a good and a service from modeling clay.
Students work in partners.
Students work in partnership with faculty and are often published in scientific journals.
Students work in peer groups, with assistance from high school volunteers and staff.
Students work in pencil, charcoal, and ink, and are introduced to color via pastels.
Students work in pencil, charcoal, and ink, and are then introduced to color via pastels.
Students work in pencil, charcoal, ink, wash, chalk, and other media.
Students work in permanent groups.
Students work in permanent small groups.
Students work in permanent, heterogeneous teams of six to seven members.
Students work in positions related to their field of interest.
Students work in private industry, business, non-profit agencies and public institutions.
Students work in private industry, business, nonprofit agencies and public institutions.
Students work in private two-person studios, accessible around the clock.
Students work in production teams to develop and present multiple solutions.
Students work in production teams within a professional studio setting.
Students work in production teams within a professional television studio setting.
Students work in programming teams on a major development project.
Students work in project teams and produce a demo show.
Students work in project teams of two or four.
Students work in project teams on real or realistic software development projects.
Students work in project teams to simulate actual business conditions.
Students work in restaurants, hotels and resorts throughout the U.S. and Europe.
Students work in rotating teams on a series of projects, including ten-minute musicals.
Students work in school and at home.
Students work in schools with teachers and students each semester of the program.
Students work in schools, hospitals, recreation programs and community centers.
Students work in schools, job centers, shelters and preschools.
Students work in settings impacting on family life.
Students work in shadowing and mentoring programs, as well as paid internships.
Students work in simulated office producing work based on employability standards.
Students work in small buzz groups to come up with ideas for questions.
Students work in small collaborative groups to synthesize their knowledge.
Students work in small cooperative groups of two to three members.
Students work in small design teams to apply acquired knowledge.
Students work in small groups and are involved in sharing, explaining, negotiating, and evaluating.
Students work in small groups and are required to design processes.
Students work in small groups and do analytical study with private and public work organizations.
Students work in small groups and try to think things through.
Students work in small groups as well as individually.
Students work in small groups at various work stations around the classroom and library.
Students work in small groups coordinated by the student and faculty advisers.
Students work in small groups directed by individual faculty members.
Students work in small groups gathering and analyzing data.
Students work in small groups in a problem based learning format.
Students work in small groups in both settings.
Students work in small groups in the classroom to find answers to specific questions.
Students work in small groups on a design project.
Students work in small groups on a particular issue of their choosing.
Students work in small groups on a real-world project specified and implemented during the term.
Students work in small groups on activity cards.
Students work in small groups on an environmental problem facing central Oklahoma.
Students work in small groups on computers and in learning centers.
Students work in small groups on computers.
Students work in small groups on environmental research projects.
Students work in small groups on lab assignments.
Students work in small groups on projects chosen with the advice and consent of the faculty advisor.
Students work in small groups on the floor or around a sturdy table.
Students work in small groups or all together in a large group.
Students work in small groups or in large groups several times a week.
Students work in small groups or individually with the instructor.
Students work in small groups that are mixed ethnically.
Students work in small groups to accomplish missions during their free period.
Students work in small groups to actively create a solution to the problem.
Students work in small groups to analyze cases and present solutions for class discussion.
Students work in small groups to carry out a large-scale software development exercise.
Students work in small groups to collect and display the data.
Students work in small groups to collect data and to display the information.
Students work in small groups to collect, interpret and report information.
Students work in small groups to create a final project that they then present to the class.
Students work in small groups to decide how many speaking parts there are to be.
Students work in small groups to deliver nutrition education programs in the community.
Students work in small groups to describe and respond to pressure situations.
Students work in small groups to design and implement a study to resolve a real business problem.
Students work in small groups to design investigations.
Students work in small groups to desing and implement a major software project.
Students work in small groups to develop a unique perspective of the experiment.
Students work in small groups to develop an improvement of a current entertainment product.
Students work in small groups to develop and run tests for a real digital device.
Students work in small groups to develop total management of each case.
Students work in small groups to discuss and review literature dealing with pollution sources.
Students work in small groups to discuss weather-related problems and possible solutions.
Students work in small groups to explore our dioramas and share their discoveries.
Students work in small groups to explore the laws of physics through hands on experimentation.
Students work in small groups to first comprehend the demographic dynamics of small villages.
Students work in small groups to identify the relative positions on a more familiar time scale.
Students work in small groups to integrate theory with experience.
Students work in small groups to investigate interesting mathematical problems.
Students work in small groups to make clothing for their dolls.
Students work in small groups to make discoveries related to scientific topics.
Students work in small groups to read and access information.
Students work in small groups to research a specific era in the Olympics.
Students work in small groups to research and apply techniques to operational problems.
Students work in small groups to research both the holiday and the country.
Students work in small groups to retell the story using musical instruments.
Students work in small groups to solve the problem or puzzle.
Students work in small groups to study written descriptions of clinical situations.
Students work in small groups under the supervision of two or more faculty members.
Students work in small groups where cooperation and team learning is emphasized.
Students work in small groups with a tutor or at the bedside with clinicians.
Students work in small groups with graphing calculators or appropriate technology.
Students work in small groups with the four disciplines of listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Students work in small groups with their peers and with high school students and staff.
Students work in small groups, and produce biweekly research reports on their projects.
Students work in small groups, directing their attention towards mastering specific tasks.
Students work in small groups, pairs, and alone.
Students work in small groups.
Students work in small research groups to perform experiments and to solve problems.
Students work in small teams on in-depth projects sponsored by local or regional organizations.
Students work in small teams on significant projects.
Students work in small teams researching the identity of an unknown shell, bone, fossil, or rock.
Students work in small teams to construct an optimizing compiler.
Students work in small teams to critique research articles that the team selects.
Students work in small teams to design and implement an e-commerce site.
Students work in small teams to implement their own basic OSs.
Students work in small teams toward a midterm project.
Students work in small teams with a faculty adviser.
Students work in small teams with guidance from experienced entrepreneurs.
Students work in small teams.
Students work in small, mixed-district groups.
Students work in soup kitchens, renovate run-down homes and volunteer in hospitals.
Students work in specialist small teams to carry out observational studies of a particular animal.
Students work in supervised programs providing for a broad spectrum of speech and hearing disorders.
Students work in supervised public or private industry positions related to business applications.
Students work in team projects to design agroecosystems.
Students work in teams across disciplines and cultures.
Students work in teams and are required to complete a survey project and submit a finished report.
Students work in teams and conduct fieldwork in local communities.
Students work in teams and enter symbols on map to indicate their answers.
Students work in teams and gain experience with group dynamics and collaborative decision- making.
Students work in teams and have responsibility for their own and each other's learning.
Students work in teams and individually to build media skills.
Students work in teams and learn valuable problem-solving skills.
Students work in teams and produce various written products for attorneys litigating capital cases.
Students work in teams and robots compete at the end of the semester.
Students work in teams and then report their results as a group.
Students work in teams but are each responsible for their own project.
Students work in teams collecting field data to test hypotheses about aquatic habitats.
Students work in teams developing interdisciplinary units.
Students work in teams discussing alternatives and examining possible solutions.
Students work in teams exploring the use of technology in business and industry.
Students work in teams for each account, with a junior or senior account manager.
Students work in teams in analyzing actual cases.
Students work in teams in organizing, managing, and developing a large software project.
Students work in teams in the classroom, the lab and out in the field.
Students work in teams in the organization, management and development of a large software project.
Students work in teams in the organization, management, and development of a large software project.
Students work in teams integrating research and practice with theory development and applied ethics.
Students work in teams of five players to interactively research their stock selections.
Students work in teams of five students.
Students work in teams of five.
Students work in teams of four or five as managers to come up with a theme for their meal.
Students work in teams of four or five.
Students work in teams of four to complete projects which focus on some aspect of the Earth system.
Students work in teams of four to six students based on the size of the class.
Students work in teams of four to solve a real-life problem through design technology.
Students work in teams of four with two sets of partners.
Students work in teams of no more than three.
Students work in teams of rather than individually.
Students work in teams of three or four.
Students work in teams of three or more students.
Students work in teams of threes.
Students work in teams of two and are assigned their own work stations.
Students work in teams of two in the lab.
Students work in teams of two or three and explore topics in bacteriology.
Students work in teams of two to three on project assignments.
Students work in teams of two, with partners being changed midway through the course.
Students work in teams of up to three students and have no formal class meetings for a week.
Students work in teams of younger and older students and study weather and climate.
Students work in teams on a design project for one semester.
Students work in teams on a library media center facilities design project.
Students work in teams on a problem identified by a client in a public service organization.
Students work in teams on a project of their own choosing.
Students work in teams on a realistic, semester-long project.
Students work in teams on a semester-long project.
Students work in teams on a software development project.
Students work in teams on a term project.
Students work in teams on actual problems observed in industry and government.
Students work in teams on all projects.
Students work in teams on assignments, research projects, and presentations.
Students work in teams on bioengineering projects.
Students work in teams on chosen research projects.
Students work in teams on classroom and extracurricular projects.
Students work in teams on distributed development projects.
Students work in teams on engineering projects under guidance of engineering faculty.
Students work in teams on network games to experience competitive and cooperative game play.
Students work in teams on problems involving design and materials selection.
Students work in teams on project design,implementation and testing.
Students work in teams on projects including space transportation and electric power systems design.
Students work in teams on select company-sponsored projects.
Students work in teams on the labs which involve significant use of live animals.
Students work in teams on two design projects to meet certain criteria.
Students work in teams providing professional services to public and non-profit agencies .
Students work in teams providing professional services to public and non-profit agencies.
Students work in teams representing various corporations and government entities.
Students work in teams to address a practical problem in investment.
Students work in teams to address the topic.
Students work in teams to analyze corporate financial statements.
Students work in teams to apply the knowledge and skills they acquired in previous courses.
Students work in teams to carry out hands-on activities, using simple equipment.
Students work in teams to collect the data.
Students work in teams to compile and tally class responses for their assigned question.
Students work in teams to complete a major project.
Students work in teams to complete a research project which focuses on one type of technology.
Students work in teams to complete class projects during additional weekly lab times.
Students work in teams to complete the analysis.
Students work in teams to complete the semester design project.
Students work in teams to complete their own exhibit as part of a class exhibition.
Students work in teams to conduct a detailed fish population study.
Students work in teams to conduct research project.
Students work in teams to construct mathematical models of various real-world situations.
Students work in teams to create a intensive research project on the desert.
Students work in teams to create and manage a fictitious portfolio over several months.
Students work in teams to create and manage their own help desk.
Students work in teams to create information systems for real clients.
Students work in teams to create web-based summaries of the work of the speaker.
Students work in teams to design a mechanical devise or system to satisfy specified objectives.
Students work in teams to design a structure or device which meets specified failure criterion.
Students work in teams to design a vehicle powered by the air escaping from a balloon.
Students work in teams to design agroecosystems for real situations they identify.
Students work in teams to design and complete an interactive media project.
Students work in teams to design and complete writing projects in all industry formats.
Students work in teams to design and implement real-time systems.
Students work in teams to design and to implement real-time systems.
Students work in teams to design simple tools and products.
Students work in teams to design, build, and test projects in biomedical engineering.
Students work in teams to develop a feasibility study for a commercial recreation and tourism.
Students work in teams to develop a promotional strategy for an actual organization.
Students work in teams to develop a significant software system.
Students work in teams to develop and research story ideas and plan content.
Students work in teams to develop IMPs for the participating firms.
Students work in teams to develop information systems for real-life organizations.
Students work in teams to develop lesson plans and conduct learning activities.
Students work in teams to develop research proposals.
Students work in teams to develop software design documents, and software specifications.
Students work in teams to develop solutions.
Students work in teams to develop strategic plans and present the results to peers and faculty.
Students work in teams to develop the entire chapter.
Students work in teams to devise a logical and physical design for a new system.
Students work in teams to discover an anthropological site or to create a new structure.
Students work in teams to discuss chapters, videos, and to solve cases.
Students work in teams to gather and write content and develop business and marketing plans.
Students work in teams to identify a comunity issue and design a solution.
Students work in teams to implement projects highlighting specific aspects of coordination.
Students work in teams to make decisions regarding their company's operation.
Students work in teams to make decisions, to stay in a budget.
Students work in teams to plan and build their own shelters.
Students work in teams to prepare for today's collaborative work environments.
Students work in teams to prepare posterboard presentations about their findings.
Students work in teams to prepare their decomposed fruit shish kebabs.
Students work in teams to prodice short synch-sound projects.
Students work in teams to produce and edit one or two short documentaries.
Students work in teams to produce and manage Web sites for local nonprofit organizations.
Students work in teams to produce marine science documentaries.
Students work in teams to produce projects for professional media outlets.
Students work in teams to produce segments using small-format television systems.
Students work in teams to produce short synch-sound projects.
Students work in teams to read, take notes, and answer questions about linked sites.
Students work in teams to resolve issues and problems common to the public service environment.
Students work in teams to share knowledge and complete the case studies.
Students work in teams to solve a business problem that has been identified by a firm.
Students work in teams to solve a real-life problem presented by a scientist from the food industry.
Students work in teams to solve engineering problems and undertake laboratory investigations.
Students work in teams to solve long-term problems creatively.
Students work in teams to solve problem assignments using guided design techniques.
Students work in teams to solve typical commercial or industrial problems.
Students work in teams to sort, count, bag and load the aluminum cans into the truck.
Students work in teams to start an actual business.
Students work in teams to summarize visits and prepare a report and presentation for other students.
Students work in teams to understand the main idea and master other comprehension skills.
Students work in teams to write a business plan for a new venture that they have conceived.
Students work in teams under faculty supervision.
Students work in teams under the supervision of their research advisor.
Students work in teams where team skills are emphasized.
Students work in teams with faculty guidance.
Students work in teams with the management of firms in the surrounding area.
Students work in teams, and present oral and written design reports.
Students work in teams, taking on the roles of science professionals, to solve the problem.
Students work in teams.
Students work in the area of their choice.
Students work in the areas of physical and life sciences, the study of geography and culture.
Students work in the classroom observation under the guidance of the instructor.
Students work in the classroom or in a resource room setting, usually in small groups.
Students work in the classrooms at Gorse in many capacities.
Students work in the clinical wards and take part in surgery.
Students work in the community and participate in mentoring and tutoring programs.
Students work in the community for competitive wages and receive academic credit.
Students work in the dairy bar, dairy plant, and research barns taking care of animals.
Students work in the greenhouse in the morning before school and on some Saturdays.
Students work in the lab on a variety of projects as well as gathering data for their own project.
Students work in the laboratories for their assignments and project.
Students work in the library, help teachers, and help in the office.
Students work in the media center to design the electronic bulletin board and other library tasks.
Students work in the newly consolidated book arts studios.
Students work in the parlor, scraping the feed lots, and taking care of the calves.
Students work in the production, marketing, sales and service functions of the company.
Students work in the program area in which they are seeking certification.
Students work in the research laboratory of a selected faculty member.
Students work in the same classroom for three years.
Students work in the studio and outdoors creating still lifes, portraits, and landscapes.
Students work in the studio or in art historical research, according to the emphasis of their major.
Students work in the studio with still lifes and interiors as well as outdoors with landscape.
Students work in the three of six possible shops in five-week workshops.
Students work in the wood shop and in the computer lab to model their spaces.
Students work in their choice of oil paint.
Students work in their chosen field while they are enrolled in classes.
Students work in their classrooms, individually, or in small groups.
Students work in their fourth-grade classrooms on improving their keyboard and writing skills.
Students work in their internships for at least three days per week.
Students work in three of seven possible studios in five-week workshops.
Students work in three-person groups on a comprehensive plant design.
Students work in traditional and contemporary materials and methods.
Students work in traditional art forms as well as computer graphics to create school posters.
Students work in training room and travel with athletic teams.
Students work in tutorial groups in which a faculty member serves as a tutorial facilitator.
Students work in two person teams.
Students work in two-person groups and field parties change daily.
Students work in varied levels of operations, from farm labor to technical level positions.
Students work in varied situations for maximum progress.
Students work in various assignments on the production crews.
Students work in various divisions within the office, depending on their interest.
Students work in various job capacities around the school.
Students work in various media.
Students work in Virginia communities to investigate water-related environmental issues.
Students work in virtually all departments of the college.
Students work in Washington D.C. or an overseas embassy.
Students work in Washington, D.C., and other have the opportunity to work at an embassy overseas.
Students work in Washington, D.C., and others have the opportunity to work at an embassy overseas.
Students work in whole class and small groups to manipulate sounds and words at their grade level.
Students work independent of the instructional staff on routine skill accomplishments.
Students work independently according to a study plan under the direction of a faculty tutor.
Students work independently and collaboratively under the supervision of an instructor.
Students work independently and cooperatively in order to accomplish the objectives of the course.
Students work independently and in group.
Students work independently and in groups on a single comprehensive project.
Students work independently and in small groups.
Students work independently and in teams to solve problems.
Students work independently and meet for group discussions and critiques.
Students work independently and meet with the instructor as needed.
Students work independently and request assistance as needed.
Students work independently and set their own goals and timetables.
Students work independently and take ownership and initiative for their own learning.
Students work independently at home at their own pace under the guidance of the instructor.
Students work independently in the laboratory on the preparation of organic compounds.
Students work independently in their binders, journals and penmanship books.
Students work independently on a research project that pertains to a municipal administration topic.
Students work independently on projects or as part of autonomous teams.
Students work independently on their papers.
Students work independently on their projects.
Students work independently on their work in a family atmosphere.
Students work independently or get tutoring from retired professionals who volunteer.
Students work independently or in small groups on individual projects.
Students work independently to develop and expand their concepts and skills.
Students work independently to produce experimental art projects.
Students work independently under direction of instructor.
Students work independently under teacher supervision and receive tutoring as needed.
Students work independently under the guidance of a faculty advisor.
Students work independently under the sponsorship of a single faculty sponsor.
Students work independently using skill specific software.
Students work independently using text and video tapes.
Students work independently using text and videotapes.
Students work independently with a faculty advisor.
Students work independently with a faculty member to prepare a thesis.
Students work independently with appropriate materials and meet weekly with an instructor.
Students work independently within classroom structure.
Students work independently, but under the supervision of an instructor.
Students work independently, each with a ball.
Students work independently, in small teams supervised by faculty.
Students work independently, running their answer cards through a scanner in the back of the room.
Students work independently, while finishing their snacks, for another half hour.
Students work independently, with guidance from the instructor.
Students work independently, with the guidance of a faculty member.
Students work independently.
Students work indepentantly with thesaurus.
Students work individually and are required to attend all lab classes.
Students work individually and as a management team member in making decisions.
Students work individually and as a team to the production of the review.
Students work individually and collaboratively in a range of media and presentation formats.
Students work individually and collaboratively within team settings to accomplish objectives.
Students work individually and collaboratively.
Students work individually and cooperatively in a variety of computer applications.
Students work individually and in collaboration on a special campus project.
Students work individually and in crews, on location and in studio.
Students work individually and in groups in simulated on-air environments.
Students work individually and in groups to create web pages, documents, and oral presentations.
Students work individually and in groups to develop and test their ideas.
Students work individually and in groups to improve written and verbal communication skills.
Students work individually and in groups to measure distances accurately.
Students work individually and in groups with a faculty member.
Students work individually and in groups.
Students work individually and in overall groups to accomplish course objectives.
Students work individually and in pairs in learning modules that are self-directed.
Students work individually and in small groups on a great variety of projects.
Students work individually and in small groups on grammatical accuracy and proofreading skills.
Students work individually and in small groups on selected projects for non-profit agencies.
Students work individually and in small groups to maximize their mathematical learning potential.
Students work individually and in small groups to solve problems.
Students work individually and in small groups.
Students work individually and in teams in all aspects of their clients' cases.
Students work individually and in teams.
Students work individually and on group projects.
Students work individually as well as cooperatively in small groups.
Students work individually at their own pace with class-coordinated materials.
Students work individually at their own pace.
Students work individually at their own speed.
Students Work individually on the computer to develop skills in music notation.
Students work individually on the first three rounds and the remaining rounds are team projects.
Students work individually on the small designs but in teams on larger ones.
Students work individually on their news articles.
Students work individually on their written case analysis.
Students work individually or in cooperative learning groups.
Students work individually or in groups to develop the plan.
Students work individually or in groups, according to demand.
Students work individually or in groups.
Students work individually or in pairs to gather evidence on both sides of the question.
Students work individually or in small groups conducting independent experimental investigations.
Students work individually or in small groups on oral competency and written English.
Students work individually or in small groups on three programming projects.
Students work individually or in small groups with advice and support readily available.
Students work individually or in teams on problems that are loaded into their computers.
Students work individually or up to three.
Students work individually or with others.
Students work individually to arrange the words into a grammatically correct sentence.
Students work individually to create a map of a typical plantation.
Students work individually to research a Louisiana plantation using printed materials and web sites.
Students work individually to write their own questions based on the material being covered.
Students work individually toward a class-developed collaboration on a specific campus project.
Students work individually under the supervision of a faculty member on a research oriented project.
Students work individually with a different faculty advisor each semester.
Students work individually with a faculty adviser.
Students work individually with a faculty member, building technique and exploring repertory.
Students work individually with a trained clinician at their own pace.
Students work individually with advisors to create a program to fit the student's needs.
Students work individually with faculty advisers to develop appropriate programs for the clients.
Students work individually with faculty content and technical advisors.
Students work individually with one teacher in private study rooms.
Students work individually with professors for their senior research project.
Students work individually with the instructor and utilize a textbook as well as other materials.
Students work individually with the therapist or in small groups.
Students work individually, as well as in teams, to solve problems.
Students work individually, but consult.
Students work individually, in groups and occasionally in groups across grade levels.
Students work individually, in pairs and in groups of four.
Students work individually, in pairs and in groups to create movement sequences and structures.
Students work individually, in small groups, and with the whole class.
Students work individually, oriented by a tutor, on a chosen theme.
Students work individually, then in pairs to discuss points of detail.
Students work individually, then in small groups, and then as a class.
Students work individually, using the same browser.
Students work individually.
Students work initially with a faculty adviser to plan their course of study.
Students work intensively in small groups with one instructor.
Students work intensively on developing critical reading and writing skills.
Students work intensively on map, globe, reading, and writing skills.
Students work intensively with coaches in the presentation of chamber music.
Students work interactively with more than one advisor.
Students work is very intensive and they normally progress at an accelerated rate.
Students work just as hard as other employees.
Students work late writing reports, studying and filing paperwork.
Students work locally, part-time while also taking classes.
Students work long days with few breaks.
Students work long hours after school interviewing and researching.
Students work long hours.
Students work more and take fewer courses in order to survive.
Students work more hands-on.
Students work much better if they are in smaller groups.
Students work off-campus under the supervision of professional public relations personnel.
Students work on a challenging problem for part of the class period, then share their solutions.
Students work on a community project, take part in class discussions and keep a journal.
Students work on a comprehensive business plan.
Students work on a computer, which records all their work as well as their answers.
Students work on a design project to fabricate and test an actual sensor device.
Students work on a drop-in basis.
Students work on a group project, exploring in greater depth one of the issues discussed in class.
Students work on a group project, laboratory exercises, and extended case studies.
Students work on a key study.
Students work on a longer story or a section of a novel.
Students work on a personal basis with faculty members specializing in their area of interest.
Students work on a point system, and most teachers use portfolio and rubric assessment.
Students work on a production they plan to direct.
Students work on a program selected by the instructor.
Students work on a project as a group of four.
Students work on a project in interdisciplinary teams.
Students work on a project of their choice under supervision of a faculty member.
Students work on a project that is designed by the laboratory director.
Students work on a project under the direction of faculty members.
Students work on a project using basic art skills.
Students work on a range of projects and often develop solutions in groups or teams.
Students work on a real world project under the direct supervision of a faculty adviser.
Students work on a real-world project under the direct supervision of a faculty adviser.
Students work on a research project relevant to concepts studied in the program.
Students work on a research project with the guidance of a sponsor, and are paid an hourly wage.
Students work on a roster system.
Students work on a self-paced module system.
Students work on a series of related ideas which culminate into a cohesive body of work.
Students work on a series of specific assignments and exercises.
Students work on a small research problem or tutor lower-division computer science students.
Students work on a specific topic integrating knowledge they gathered throughout the first year.
Students work on a tutorial guided reading basis.
Students work on a unit within ceramics during the eighth grade year.
Students work on a variety of building projects in the school district.
Students work on a variety of group and individual projects.
Students work on a variety of individualized projects according to their skills and interests.
Students work on a variety of projects each marking period.
Students work on accuracy as well as fluency.
Students work on acting exercises and work towards putting on a final performance.
Students work on acting exercises, team work and small skit performances.
Students work on activity on their own, following demonstration.
Students work on actual graphic design projects with clients from non-profit organizations.
Students work on actual problems in the business, medical, and research worlds.
Students work on advanced computing equipment for map design and locational analysis.
Students work on aircraft parts.
Students work on all aspects of concert presentations.
Students work on all aspects of the productions.
Students work on all strokes including competitive stokes and turns.
Students work on an expedition in their science class.
Students work on an hourly basis.
Students work on an independent basis.
Students work on an independent research project under guidance of a faculty member.
Students work on an individual basis with an adviser.
Students work on an individual project involving construction and testing of an electronic system.
Students work on an individual project with a faculty member.
Students work on an individually designed transition program to improve stamina.
Students work on an individually supervised research project with a Psychology faculty member.
Students work on archeology project.
Students work on areas of difficulty with a modified curriculum and work at their own pace.
Students work on assigned projects as engineers.
Students work on assignments and materials from their class in the study group.
Students work on assignments and the course project in groups.
Students work on assignments, study for exams, and work together on group projects.
Students work on basic conversation skills right away.
Students work on basic language skills and are assisted in the regular classroom work.
Students work on basic mathematics and reading skills with volunteers and staff members.
Students work on basics of tone production, breath support, articulation, and ensemble performance.
Students work on beginner skills and develop more independent sailing abilities.
Students work on both litigation and nonlitigation advocacy for immigrants.
Students work on business projects, preparing proposals for the creation of a business plan.
Students work on camera and also operate all of the equipment.
Students work on campus for various departments, ten hours a week, earning minimum wage.
Students work on case studies in small groups.
Students work on case studies, deterministic model-building.
Students work on cases and visit a separation house.
Students work on cases in small teams, much like real lawyers do.
Students work on cases under the direct supervision of full-time faculty.
Students work on cause and effect, linear scanning and visual discrimination.
Students work on class assignments and their own projects.
Students work on class experiments, lab-based homework problems, or projects of their own invention.
Students work on classroom assignments seamlessly whether at home or at school.
Students work on college theatre productions.
Students work on community projects geared to the production of a live performance.
Students work on completing the task cards.
Students work on completing their article and have it peer-edited by a classmate.
Students work on computers behind a glass wall.
Students work on computers both in the lab and in their classrooms.
Students work on computers doing activities being demonstrated by the instructor.
Students work on computers doing activities demonstrated by the instructor.
Students work on computers in all courses, one student to a computer.
Students work on computers outside of the classroom.
Students work on computers.
Students work on computers.
Students work on creating their newscasts or their newspaper.
Students work on creative expression and the development of a personal style in their own writing.
Students work on creative writing projects such as poetry and short stories.
Students work on design related projects.
Students work on designing a working prototype of a dilatometer in their lab.
Students work on designing their pamphlet.
Students work on developing a research project.
Students work on developing editing skills.
Students work on developing problem-solving strategies.
Students work on developing speed and accuracy in producing mailable copy.
Students work on dictionary skills, encyclopedia usage, almanac usage and other research skills.
Students work on discipline related jobs and return to their employer for successive terms.
Students work on discovering ways that the family structure is similar in many countries.
Students work on drama as well as documentary and corporate productions.
Students work on each assignment for one week.
Students work on ear training and develop sight singing skills.
Students work on either individual cases or research.
Students work on essay structure, idea organization and development, and grammatical correctness.
Students work on examples that the professor provides as well as samples of their own writing.
Students work on experiments in groups of two or three.
Students work on expository writing, persuasive essays, personal reactions, and some short stories.
Students work on final drafts of their projects.
Students work on finfish and shellfish farms, laboratories and support agencies.
Students work on functional life skills and functional academics in the classroom and community.
Students work on goal setting and personal assessment.
Students work on goals and satisfactorily complete the second course.
Students work on group projects.
Students work on handling and shoeing different temperaments of horses.
Students work on hands-on projects that incorporate math and art concepts in to a tangible product.
Students work on identifying a project to pursue.
Students work on improving their strokes and increasing their endurance.
Students work on improving their writing skills by preparing papers that analyze the literary works.
Students work on improvisation, ensemble balance and interaction, and stylistic awareness.
Students work on improvisation, vocal and physical training, music-theatre, acting, and much more.
Students work on independent research projects.
Students work on independent single camera and group multi-camera productions.
Students work on individual and group projects.
Students work on individual digital video projects.
Students work on individual or team projects.
Students work on individual original research projects under guidance of the faculty.
Students work on individual problems which concern the buying of consumer goods.
Students work on individual projects according to their own needs and interests.
Students work on individual projects agreed upon by the student and instructors.
Students work on individual projects using techniques such as drawing, clay, collage and time lapse.
Students work on individual school projects and classroom projects in the computer labs.
Students work on individualized units.
Students work on information-gathering skills.
Students work on lab exercises.
Students work on laboratory units and on automobile disassembly.
Students work on limited litigation projects.
Students work on manikins and evolve to lab and clinic patients.
Students work on many long projects.
Students work on mapping out the Merida mercado.
Students work on math concepts for fun, challenge and review.
Students work on math, reading, spelling, filling out forms, computers, and such.
Students work on multimedia projects to communicate visual information in multiple situations.
Students work on music theory reading and writing notes, rhythms, and harmony at their own pace.
Students work on one or more projects with the editorial assistance of the instructor.
Students work on one subject at a time until all requirements are successfully completed.
Students work on only two subjects at a time, moving on when they have mastered each.
Students work on open-ended word problems online.
Students work on oral and written English communication skills, as well as reading.
Students work on oral reading, phonics instruction and writing skills.
Students work on organizational, study, and test-taking skills.
Students work on outdoor research projects.
Students work on packing the drive to prepare for the cement.
Students work on papers as well as research topics for their classes.
Students work on paragraph structure through journals, letters, and essays.
Students work on patching a tank car that is full of holes, cracks and dents.
Students work on performance in a choral setting.
Students work on picture collage illustrating physical characteristics of wolves.
Students work on portfolios and exhibitions.
Students work on problem sets individually and in teams.
Students work on problems of interest to the industrial partner at the industrial partner site.
Students work on problems they identify and on hypotheses they develop.
Students work on problems.
Students work on production crew as well as write and produce their own motion picture.
Students work on project of their choice under supervision of a faculty member.
Students work on project teams to design and analyze research studies.
Students work on project.
Students work on projects and improve TV production skills through participation.
Students work on projects and in laboratories and offices.
Students work on projects based on a theme set at the beginning of the school year.
Students work on projects directly with faculty, who encourage their involvement.
Students work on projects for legislators, public interest groups and government entities.
Students work on projects identified by sponsor companies.
Students work on projects in all areas of civil trial practice in a seminar setting.
Students work on projects in groups, so they can develop essential teamwork skills.
Students work on projects ranging from basic molecular research to direct physiological studies.
Students work on projects ranging from global cycling of elements to mineral surface chemistry.
Students work on projects such as newsletters and brochures.
Students work on projects tailored to their own artistic ideas.
Students work on projects that apply to real life installation problems.
Students work on projects under the direction of faculty members.
Students work on projects under the guidance and supervision of a faculty member.
Students work on projects which are used to raise funds for equipment, field trips and scholarships.
Students work on projects which involve solving problems by spatial-oriented computations.
Students work on projects with an emphasis on writing and reading acquisition.
Students work on projects with community partners and planning clients in many of their courses.
Students work on projects with individual instruction given as needed.
Students work on projects within the various departmental sections.
Students work on quality improvement projects for local organizations as part of their course work.
Students work on query design.
Students work on radio and print projects individually.
Students work on reading skills related to the college textbooks they are using.
Students work on real projects funded by several engineering companies.
Students work on real value adding projects that impact operations to partner organizations.
Students work on research projects and in laboratories and offices.
Students work on research projects initiated by organization serving Philadelphia's communities.
Students work on research projects under the direct supervision of faculty mentors.
Students work on research teams under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students work on safety, achievement, respect, helpfulness, and kindness.
Students work on scene studies rehearsed outside and presented in class.
Students work on self-help skills from managing personal care needs to interviewing for employment.
Students work on separate projects involving cabochons and carved inlays.
Students work on several community projects.
Students work on several projects.
Students work on several technology projects a year.
Students work on short fictional films with non-sync sound.
Students work on significant projects.
Students work on sites away from campus in an area of health promotion, wellness or fitness.
Students work on solfeggio and rhythmic concepts in a sequenced and logical manner.
Students work on solfeggio and rhythmic concepts in a sequential and logical manner.
Students work on some aspect of automotive technology everyday.
Students work on spatial puzzles, often involving pattern blocks or tangrams.
Students work on special projects to bring ideas to commercialization through e-commerce.
Students work on specific projects, visit museums, churches, galleries and art sites.
Students work on stage, backstage, ushering, selling tickets, and working concessions.
Students work on string theories.
Students work on studies for projects.
Students work on studio and field exercises to develop their video production skills.
Students work on studio projects and attend lectures from design professionals.
Students work on studio projects and develop interior lighting plans and specifications.
Students work on study skills and college survival skills.
Students work on study skills, note taking, and preparation for college entrance exams.
Students work on study skills, note-taking, and preparation for college entrance exams.
Students work on superior performance in all German skills.
Students work on teams in the applied study of complex systems development problems and cases.
Students work on teams to complete assigned projects.
Students work on teams to construct a solar oven with flat reflector panels.
Students work on teams to discuss chapters, solve cases, discuss videos.
Students work on technology skills twice a week in the computer lab.
Students work on the accounts of several companies.
Students work on the computer in pairs, creating their own program of questions.
Students work on the computers in the classroom and in other areas as needed.
Students work on the course directly from their computers.
Students work on the course material and take tests.
Students work on the development of innovative curricula and methods of teaching science.
Students work on the ecology and evolution of seed plants.
Students work on the fabulous school webpage.
Students work on the five stages of writing by combining writing strategies and technology tools.
Students work on the houses from two to four hours every day or every other day.
Students work on the integration, testing, and maintenance of a large software system.
Students work on the internet instead of regularly attending lectures on campus.
Students work on the latter for an entire year and submit at least three drafts for review.
Students work on the mechanics of writing as they polish their drafts.
Students work on the newsletter.
Students work on the paper throughout the term, having various deadlines to meet.
Students work on the project as a group the entire school year.
Students work on the same animation systems used in major production studios.
Students work on the topic using the various stages of the writing process.
Students work on the writing process.
Students work on the yearly main stage shows or on special projects for studio productions.
Students work on their cases in teams under the close supervision of faculty.
Students work on their computers with an internet connection.
Students work on their engineering challenge.
Students work on their grade level and at their own pace.
Students work on their Horsemanship along with their shoeing.
Students work on their maps, cross-sections and other assignments during the evenings.
Students work on their observational skills.
Students work on their own and meet periodically with a faculty member.
Students work on their own art in a studio environment, facilitated by an art therapy instructor.
Students work on their own as well as in teams with other students.
Students work on their own car under the instructor's guidance.
Students work on their own in class creating their dioramas.
Students work on their own stories in consultation with the instructor.
Students work on their own using texts, study guides, and other course materials.
Students work on their own, with reinforcement and review from the parent.
Students work on their own.
Students work on their papers and create a draft form of the paper.
Students work on their portfolio for all four years.
Students work on their portfolio.
Students work on their projects in teams, learning the practical value of collaboration.
Students work on their projects under faculty supervision throughout the program.
Students work on their sewing techniques in the quilting and discussion circle.
Students work on their webpages, prepare final presentations.
Students work on their webpages.
Students work on their writing fundamentals as well as on techniques specific to the Internet.
Students work on theories.
Students work on thought-provoking problems involving complex and advanced topics.
Students work on tone and distinguishing fact from opinion.
Students work on topic cards.
Students work on transmissions in both lab and car, including transaxles.
Students work on tumbling, trampoline, balance beam, bars, and mini-tramp.
Students work on ungraded case studies etc.
Students work on units at the appropriate level and can progress or backtrack as necessary.
Students work on units with regard to areas being studied.
Students work on various backstage crews during rehearsals and productions.
Students work on various datasets and learn how to use geostatistical tools.
Students work on various research projects.
Students work on vocabulary, comprehension, reading rate, and general reading skills.
Students work on vocal and blending techniques necessary to building a professional choral sound.
Students work on web-based projects, pursue internships, or conduct research.
Students work on weekends and evenings.
Students work on writing exercises individually or in groups.
Students work on writing short stories and reading a wide range of stories.
Students work on writing their papers with teacher assistance.
Students work on writing their stories.
Students work on writing, note-taking, and vocabulary in a science context.
Students work on-campus and are paid hourly wages.
Students work one on one under the supervision of a faculty member in their discipline.
Students work one on one with faculty mentors on their culminating projects.
Students work one to one, in dyads, and small groups depending on their ability and the programs.
Students work on-screen as well as in mixed media.
Students work opportunities are limited.
Students work out a volcanic stratigraphy and decipher timing of syn- and post eruptive faults.
Students work out of packets and do labs, work in pairs or alone and sometimes see a video.
Students work out quick skits with sexist themes.
Students work out the details of their program in close consultation with their advisors.
Students work out their course of study with an advisor from each of the two majors.
Students work out ways to test the strength of different materials.
Students work out what pic is.
Students work outside of class to prepare lab for approx.
Students work part of the school day in the community.
Students work part time during school year and full time during breaks.
Students work part-time and use their earnings to help defray the cost of education.
Students work part-time jobs on campus and receive the minimum wage.
Students work part-time performing research and are paid hourly rates.
Students work part-time with practicing writers and editors at such local companies.
Students work piloting navigation problems as well as ship plotting in the simulator.
Students work primarily alone.
Students work primarily from models and benefit from both individual and group critiques.
Students work primarily in black and white photographic materials.
Students work primarily in clay from a live model.
Students work primarily in groups.
Students work primarily in one subspecialty area and in one general orthopaedic clinic.
Students work primarily on an independent basis and learn to exercise personal responsibility.
Students work primarily on their own, but under supervision.
Students work primarily through hands-on projects.
Students work primarily with the families of men and women who are incarcerated.
Students work privately with faculty advisors toward the completion of their master's essays.
Students work pro bono , though generally receiving research course credit.
Students work problems in class with coaches assistance.
Students work problems.
Students work regularly at a senior citizens' center assisting with feeding and visitations.
Students work side by side with faculty engaged in various phases of research.
Students work side by side with faculty members in small research groups.
Students work side by side with faculty on research projects.
Students work side by side with physicians, nurses, and therapists.
Students work side by side with some of the country's best restoration experts.
Students work side by side with UNMC faculty.
Students work singly or in pairs at one of the four stations.
Students work singly or in small groups on projects agreed upon by the student and instructor.
Students work six hours per week at an approved place of employment.
Students work some simple interest problems independently presented on worksheet.
Students work ten to twelve hours per week and earn federal minimum wage.
Students work the exercises while the lecture is going on.
Students work the same schedule and hours as their fieldwork supervisor.
Students work their signature or initials onto the patch.
Students work their way around the key, then back around the three point line.
Students work their way through beginners level to advanced level and on the concert band level .
Students work their way through on-line seminars with professional writers.
Students work their way through text reading, vocabulary definition and written question response.
Students work their way through the tutorial, taking quizzes when they are ready.
Students work there under the supervision of faculty editors.
Students work three consecutive full-time work terms in twelve months.
Students work three days a week and attend classes the other two days.
Students work three days a week and take two courses associated with the internship.
Students work three hours per week for each credit hour they have signed up for.
Students work three or six hours a week and receive one or two academic credits.
Students work three to four days a week, and take two courses.
Students work through a case problem that deals with the design and implementation of a database.
Students work through a chapter of the lab manual every week.
Students work through a series of graded exercises in laboratory sessions.
Students work through a series of modules to complete the course.
Students work through a text at their own pace.
Students work through a variety of case studies.
Students work through a warm-up, basic movement skills and simple combinations across the floor.
Students work through activities in stations.
Students work through an analog electronic trainer manual.
Students work through exercises and write two essays.
Students work through exercises or labs in groups.
Students work through four iterative phases in problem-based learning.
Students work through major projects, discovering how math skills are applicable to the real world.
Students work through math lessons from basic arithmetic to precalculus.
Students work through out the year to produce the yearbook.
Students work through packets of increasing complexity as they advance through the grades.
Students work through personality and academic questionnaires.
Students work through projects each one of which involves a specific problem to solve.
Students work through six projects over the course of the semester.
Students work through the activities using the Internet as suggested.
Students work through the activity and fill out the worksheets.
Students work through the course at their own pace.
Students work through the courses on their own time, at their own pace.
Students work through the entire process of Web development from a business approach.
Students work through the lab notebooks in teams of two.
Students work through the material in a laboratory setting during the semester.
Students work through the material independently.
Students work through various examples in groups.
Students work through various modules with groups of three or four members.
Students work through weekly units and assignments online.
Students work throughout the academic year perfecting and improving their entries.
Students work throughout the semester and receive the funds in the form of monthly paychecks.
Students work throughout the semester on one empirical self-study project and one scholarly project.
Students work to achieve the English skills necessary to succeed in an academic environment.
Students work to achieve their potential, rather than to compete with other students.
Students work to answer that question on their own, and all activities are geared toward doing so.
Students work to apply course learnings to their practice with young children.
Students work to become independent learners.
Students work to build vocabulary and gain a control of the essential structures.
Students work to complete a portfolio of editions of prints.
Students work to complete the necessary credit to be granted a diploma from the high school.
Students work to complete the necessary credits to be granted a diploma from the high school.
Students work to correct the problem and make the public aware of the problem.
Students work to create a rhythm with their breathing.
Students work to create an unbiased survey and a fair sampling method.
Students work to create intentional experiences within educational settings.
Students work to develop a personal style and criteria for judgment of digital artwork.
Students work to develop and improve writing skills.
Students work to develop professional skills.
Students work to develop responses to both problem identification and resolution.
Students work to earn points which are redeemable for dance attire and other incentives.
Students work to enhance the environment and quality of life for the people of Israel.
Students work to evolve a unique way of seeing and photographing their world.
Students work to expand vocabulary and to refine editing skills.
Students work to explore their imaginations and utilize writing as a form of expression.
Students work to fabricate a sensor.
Students work to figure out the process.
Students work to gain mastery of learning at their own pace.
Students work to get people off welfare.
Students work to improve comprehension of main ideas and supporting details.
Students work to improve flexibility, strength and accuracy in their maturing voices.
Students work to improve their vocal technique and music reading skills at every rehearsal.
Students work to increase speed and comprehension, and they practice writing expository essays.
Students work to manage their body during activities through physical and social activities.
Students work to master prescribed reading objectives.
Students work to meet the needs of both the agencies and the populations they serve.
Students work to plan their career goals and investigate colleges and vocations.
Students work to produce a portfolio of editions of prints.
Students work to raise awareness of the dangers associated with driving while impaired.
Students work to rules.
Students work to 'translate' into a normal text.
Students work together after-hours on homework assignments due the following day.
Students work together as a musical group.
Students work together as a team and learn the rules and objectives of running a soccer event.
Students work together as a team sharing past experiences and knowledge to the benefit of all.
Students work together as a team to solve a problem.
Students work together as scientific teams.
Students work together as teams and submit common solutions to problems.
Students work together as teams endeavoring to solve presented problems.
Students work together developing leadership skills and earning money to go on professional trips.
Students work together for a common goal.
Students work together in a cooperative group setting in the classroom.
Students work together in class and outside of class.
Students work together in cooperative groups to research and discuss environmental issues.
Students work together in cooperative groups.
Students work together in expert groups on an information seeking task.
Students work together in group learning activities.
Students work together in groups and receive individual instruction.
Students work together in groups of three to five for a variety of purposes.
Students work together in groups of two to six to complete their research projects.
Students work together in groups on an on-line project.
Students work together in groups to coordinate various projects.
Students work together in groups, learning to understand and respect themselves, others.
Students work together in groups, propose hypothesis's which are then tested and revised.
Students work together in groups, sharing information and decision making.
Students work together in more collaborative ways.
Students work together in on-line teams, forums, and professional chat rooms.
Students work together in order to achieve a goal.
Students work together in order to achieve positive change through community service efforts.
Students work together in pairs on modules, which are learning stations.
Students work together in pairs.
Students work together in preparing many of the assignments.
Students work together in project teams to complete tasks that require in-depth effort.
Students work together in science, language, reading, and computer classes.
Students work together in small groups and submit a single lab report.
Students work together in small groups containing two to five members.
Students work together in small groups to complete class assignments.
Students work together in small groups to share knowledge and experiences.
Students work together in small teams doing online research on an assigned macromolecule.
Students work together in small teams to develop a full design and plan for a chosen project topic.
Students work together in storyboard and concepts to execute a project.
Students work together in team competitions and cooperative activities.
Students work together in teams of three over a weekend.
Students work together in teams to master material initially presented by the teacher .
Students work together in teams, developing grant proposal for a client.
Students work together in teams, under the supervision of invited mentors.
Students work together in the painting studio from a live model and from other figural sources.
Students work together in-groups on lab assignments.
Students work together on cooperative projects and with book partners.
Students work together on group projects.
Students work together on matching pictures that are pasted up around the room with words.
Students work together on portfolios to solve problems in stories read aloud by teachers.
Students work together on problem sets.
Students work together on projects.
Students work together on the experiments and models.
Students work together outside of their teams throughout the year as well.
Students work together over three consecutive summers.
Students work together processing instructions.
Students work together though some more than others.
Students work together through specific units of instruction which last about three weeks each.
Students work together throughout their studies in the same class.
Students work together to accomplish goals in low and high element events.
Students work together to analyze information and practice class concepts.
Students work together to assign each group member a sub-topic to research.
Students work together to build and refine knowledge with thier peers.
Students work together to build stamina, speed, skill and hitting power.
Students work together to change the active voice sentence to passive.
Students work together to complete a task.
Students work together to create a mural.
Students work together to create a proposal for their idea and present it to the class.
Students work together to create an array to solve a multiplication problem.
Students work together to create such works as reports, questions, and critiques.
Students work together to create their drawings.
Students work together to decide how their object functions like a marsh.
Students work together to design and mount the exhibition and host the opening reception.
Students work together to develop a descriptive and action packed vocabulary.
Students work together to develop their skills through group projects and discussions.
Students work together to discover different solution to similar problems.
Students work together to discover different solutions to similar problems.
Students work together to enhance and reinforce an active healthy lifestyle.
Students work together to figure out which sounds are the most effective.
Students work together to form plans to solve the problem, including the role of each group member.
Students work together to gather and organize information and then to generate and test hypotheses.
Students work together to hash out their ideas and improve each other's work.
Students work together to help each other solve equations.
Students work together to help each other with their drawings.
Students work together to identify background knowledge about music.
Students work together to incorporate regional, local and campus news into a half-hour show.
Students work together to increase knowledge and ability within the sport.
Students work together to knock down items, such as pins, tap other teams, etc.
Students work together to learn and are responsible for their teammates' learning as well.
Students work together to list places mother visited to get help to make the coat.
Students work together to list the ways people affect wildlife.
Students work together to measure each other's line segments, checking for accuracy.
Students work together to organize the questions they have posted.
Students work together to paint a large-scale public mural.
Students work together to paint an underwater habitat using watercolors and pop-up techniques.
Students work together to plan a camping trip to find an ancient petroglyph.
Students work together to plan both the defense and prosecution for an assigned court case.
Students work together to purchase items indicated.
Students work together to pursue their common interests.
Students work together to raise funds for and to plan activities to improve the community.
Students work together to raise the money and provide the labor to build one house annually.
Students work together to reach a common goal.
Students work together to receive both outdoor and classroom education.
Students work together to select appropriate colored material.
Students work together to solve appropriate and unique solutions to real-world problems.
Students work together to solve problems and develop ideas for school success, spirit, and unity.
Students work together to solve problems and explore concepts.
Students work together to solve problems of survival in the outdoors.
Students work together to solve the case and discuss the important aspects.
Students work together to sort puppies by various attributes.
Students work together to try to say the double for each number before the calculator shows it.
Students work together to write reports on planets.
Students work together with teachers and the community to achieve the best possible outcomes.
Students work together with the overhead.
Students work together with two people per station.
Students work together, assembling and disassembling computers.
Students work together, helping each other to see.
Students work together, helping each other to understand and correct their work.
Students work together, writing down everything they can find going on in the picture.
Students work too.
Students work toward a lesson with a relevant goal.
Students work toward a lesson-relevant goal.
Students work toward completing required competencies.
Students work toward developing competence in translating Latin into English.
Students work toward either a recreational or private certificate.
Students work toward monthly and yearly point totals.
Students work toward proficiency in the principles and skills of applying stage makeup.
Students work toward self-assessment.
Students work toward the completion of a required professional quality placement portfolio.
Students work toward the design of their own utopian scheme in short story or other form.
Students work toward the goal of clarifying or expanding a proposition.
Students work towards a project of their own choosing.
Students work towards achieving basic clinical competencies.
Students work towards clarifying and developing ideas through experimentation and discussion.
Students work towards the completion of a required professional quality placement portfolio.
Students work towards the creation of short original works of music as projects.
Students work towards various levels and belts.
Students work twice each class-Cold read and memorized.
Students work two full days each week of the semester.
Students work under an individual faculty adviser.
Students work under close supervision in a retailing environment as part of their training program.
Students work under close supervision of faculty members.
Students work under direct supervision of a qualified professional and attend scheduled seminars.
Students work under direct supervision of experienced, licensed clinical faculty.
Students work under editors in a variety of production phases with access to a faculty advisor.
Students work under faculty mentorship either on an individual basis or as part of a research team.
Students work under faculty supervision and assume direct responsibility for the cases.
Students work under individual supervision in an approved internship setting.
Students work under mentors who are scientists, mathematicians, and engineers.
Students work under paralegal and attorney supervision.
Students work under supervision and receive feedback on their performance.
Students work under supervision in a museum setting.
Students work under supervision in an off-campus placement.
Students work under supervision of a faculty sponsor.
Students work under supervision of a member of the voice faculty other than their applied teachers.
Students work under supervision of and with certified interpreters in various settings.
Students work under supervision of qualified occupational therapy staff at the site.
Students work under supervision.
Students work under the close supervision of veteran directors.
Students work under the direct supervision of a certified orthoptist and an ophthalmologist.
Students work under the direction of a classroom teacher in a position of their choice.
Students work under the direction of a faculty member engaged in biological research.
Students work under the direction of a graduate faculty member and practicing administrator.
Students work under the direction of a principal investigator.
Students work under the direction of an on-site supervisor.
Students work under the direction of faculty and community fieldwork supervisors.
Students work under the direction of faculty members.
Students work under the direction of research or clinical mentors in Africa.
Students work under the direction of their high school advisor to accomplish the course goals.
Students work under the guidance and supervision of a professor who is responsible for the project.
Students work under the guidance of an individual faculty member.
Students work under the guidance of faculty accomplished as performers, composers, and teachers.
Students work under the guidance of faculty with expertise in the area.
Students work under the guidance of the professor and a field mentor.
Students work under the guidance of two supervising attorneys and the clinic director.
Students work under the immediate supervision of a university supervisor.
Students work under the joint supervision of course instructor and or agency personnel.
Students work under the supervision of a certified orthoptist and ophthalmologist.
Students work under the supervision of a faculty member from the nominating program.
Students work under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students work under the supervision of a member of staff who allocates a suitable project.
Students work under the supervision of a member of the staff.
Students work under the supervision of a project leader or department head.
Students work under the supervision of a staff member.
Students work under the supervision of an experienced licensed attorney.
Students work under the supervision of an experienced liscensed attorney.
Students work under the supervision of an on-site records manager.
Students work under the supervision of experienced instructors.
Students work under the supervision of experienced professional personnel.
Students work under the supervision of mentor teachers and university supervisors.
Students work under the supervision of professional librarians.
Students work under the supervision of professionals in the work setting.
Students work under the supervision of professors on related research projects.
Students work under the supervision of qualified professionals.
Students work under the supervision of the director of theater.
Students work under the supervision of the personnel in the institution to which they are assigned.
Students work under track lighting, portable lighting or natural lighting.
Students work up to one hundred hours in a semester at a local psychology site.
Students work up to twenty hours per week while they are attending school.
Students work very closely with an outstanding faculty.
Students work very closely with one another, and have formed some lasting friendships.
Students work VERY hard down here as medical school in general is very hard.
Students work very hard, and they produce some wonderful things.
Students work weekly with their advisor in person, or by phone, email, fax or mail.
Students work well together and make good use of most of their time.
Students work well together.
Students work where they find most convenient.
Students work while attending school.
Students work while they are enrolled and attending the college.
Students work with a broad range of graphic presentation methods.
Students work with a career counselor to find the right position upon graduation.
Students work with a case from the beginning to develop the theory and prepare the trial notebook.
Students work with a client or decision maker.
Students work with a clinical teaching associate in a specialty area of interest.
Students work with a college level textbook and other primary and interpretive sources.
Students work with a community physician one afternoon a week.
Students work with a computerized statistical package and prepare a report.
Students work with a core faculty member to develop an appropriate internship experience.
Students work with a counselor to develop individualized time management and study plans.
Students work with a creative process in designing.
Students work with a department adviser on a topic of their choice.
Students work with a departmental adviser on a topic of their choice.
Students work with a faculty advisor in the major studio field to design a course of study.
Students work with a faculty advisor to choose courses based on the direction they choose to take.
Students work with a faculty advisor to determine their educational goals.
Students work with a faculty advisor to develop an emphasis beyond the core.
Students work with a faculty advisor to plan a program that fits their interests and goals.
Students work with a faculty member in the department to define an acceptable project.
Students work with a faculty member on a research project in the summer.
Students work with a faculty mentor by phone, written correspondence or computer conferencing.
Students work with a fair amount of independence.
Students work with a high school teacher three hours a day for five days.
Students work with a local community organization, learn about their work, and build web pages.
Students work with a mannequin's dentiform while following instructions for a dental procedure.
Students work with a member of staff on an original piece of research.
Students work with a mentor on each of their three lab rotations.
Students work with a minor adviser to record the minor on the Plan of Study.
Students work with a partner on their composition on changes in U.S. families.
Students work with a partner to complete the graphic organizer.
Students work with a partner to develop questions and create promotion announcement.
Students work with a partner to encourage cooperative learning.
Students work with a partner to find each others pulses.
Students work with a partner, either of their choice or of random selection.
Students work with a partner.
Students work with a person, who is currently in the career of their choice, out in the community.
Students work with a political campaign during the fall of an election year.
Students work with a public agency that is compatible with their interests.
Students work with a record to prepare an appellate brief and oral argument.
Students work with a research advisor on a project.
Students work with a research mentor for six weeks on an actual research project.
Students work with a selected faculty member over two semesters.
Students work with a variety of computer software programs to develop computer literacy.
Students work with a variety of machine tools including the bandsaw, milling machine, and lathe.
Students work with a variety of maps.
Students work with a variety of media and techniques.
Students work with a variety of media to create art and crafts projects.
Students work with a variety of media, drawing from life and from other subject matter.
Students work with a variety of metals and tools.
Students work with a variety of paints, texturing materials, and application techniques.
Students work with a variety of pattern design software.
Students work with a variety of printing media in producing images which express their ideas.
Students work with a variety of publication types and techniques.
Students work with a variety of publications and techniques.
Students work with a variety of text and graphics to complete a variety of assignments.
Students work with acclaimed authors in exclusive writing seminars.
Students work with actual business correspondence.
Students work with administrative software developed for microcomputers.
Students work with adults who are patient, caring and positive role models.
Students work with advanced microprocessor applications and newer technologies.
Students work with advanced tooling and construction processes.
Students work with advisors concerning class schedule and class load.
Students work with all ages and cultures in a range of settings.
Students work with all intelligences weekly.
Students work with almanacs, and other reference materials.
Students work with an academic advisor to prepare a graduate study plan.
Students work with an actual small business as a member of a consulting team.
Students work with an adviser or journalism teacher at a high school.
Students work with an art director and client.
Students work with an assigned faculty sponsor and an on-site supervisor.
Students work with an individualized program within the class structure.
Students work with an instructor in their field.
Students work with an instructor to identify specific course goals and to select an internship site.
Students work with and discuss genetic karma, decording, past life integration, rituals and more.
Students work with and get to know a diversity of people.
Students work with and learn from business and industry leaders.
Students work with and learn the language in the context of the authentic materials.
Students work with appropriate level sentences which follow common rules of punctuation.
Students work with athletes who play for high school and college athletic teams in the area.
Students work with at-risk junior high schoolers to help assure that they stay in school.
Students work with authentic material such as newspapers, magazines, audio and video cassettes.
Students work with bicultural informants.
Students work with black and white negative and color transparency films.
Students work with books, videotapes, audiotapes and computers.
Students work with both advisors when registering each semester .
Students work with both advisors when registering each semester.
Students work with both basic science and clinical departments.
Students work with both hardware and software.
Students work with both residents and attending faculty.
Students work with both traditional and digital photography.
Students work with brick, block, stone, and related materials.
Students work with cards in a third grade class.
Students work with cereal boxes as a model of a rectangular solid.
Students work with changing font and size for title and headings for their poster.
Students work with children and youth in the community.
Students work with children and youth through carefully designed field experiences.
Students work with children in an off-campus preschool and elementary school.
Students work with children of different ages in both laboratory and naturalistic settings.
Students work with clay mixing and glaze chemistry.
Students work with clay, paint, and printmaking processes that emphasize creative exploration.
Students work with clay, pastels, paint, etc.
Students work with client populations across the lifespan and with a variety of special needs.
Students work with clients and subject matter experts as appropriate.
Students work with clients and their families in a variety of primary health care settings.
Students work with clients in a multitude of settings.
Students work with clients in solving design problems.
Students work with clinic staff to help children and adults from the community.
Students work with color negatives, prints, and transparencies.
Students work with color-slide film only.
Students work with community members to improve quality and access to health care and education.
Students work with community members to write, edit and design the newsletter.
Students work with companies on hands-on projects.
Students work with companion animals, food animals, horses, laboratory animals and exotic species.
Students work with computer.
Students work with considerable independence.
Students work with county employees in every facet of golf course maintenance.
Students work with dance faculty in selected public schools.
Students work with data arising from their own work as well as with data provided by the instructor.
Students work with data sets in order to come to grips with the analysis of concrete data.
Students work with decimals as numbers and as words.
Students work with dedicated faculty in the basic sciences and clinical research departments.
Students work with department faculty and residents, as well as, local physicians.
Students work with departmentally approved instructors in their curriculum of study.
Students work with designated preceptors.
Students work with different clinical instructors and athletic teams during the semester.
Students work with different partners.
Students work with different technology modules.
Students work with digital imaging and are introduced to full-motion video.
Students work with digitizer, analytical software and standard aerial photographs.
Students work with diverse populations, age, and risk factors.
Students work with doctors in clinics and labs and the program is very competitive.
Students work with drosophila, plant, and microbial genetics in the laboratory.
Students work with each other to enhance each others' ability and knowledge of the sport.
Students work with elders to set up the camp.
Students work with electronic circuits and build a project to take home.
Students work with emotionally disturbed young people in a school setting.
Students work with established and recognized environmental entities and agencies.
Students work with established graphic designers or studios.
Students work with exhibition designers, historians and curators on a wide variety of activities.
Students work with experienced nurse practitioner and physician preceptors.
Students work with faculty advisors to focus their study plans to meet personal career goals.
Students work with faculty and advisors to design the degree plan.
Students work with faculty and clinicians on a research project.
Students work with faculty and undergraduate courses in area of specialty.
Students work with faculty members in research or problem areas.
Students work with faculty members to produce classical dramas, new works, and dance concerts.
Students work with faculty mentors to prepare their research or performance.
Students work with faculty mentors.
Students work with faculty nurse researchers and researchers in other disciplines.
Students work with faculty on a variety of projects ranging from botany to zoology.
Students work with faculty on collaborative research or independent research and study.
Students work with faculty readers, who also serve as program advisors.
Students work with faculty sponsors to publish a yearbook, school newspaper, and literary magazine.
Students work with faculty to develop a placement consistent with their own career objectives.
Students work with faculty to identify the key books, articles, and other materials to be read.
Students work with families in a variety of community based settings including a health department.
Students work with family practice and internal medicine geriatricians at community sites.
Students work with floor looms, computer-aided looms, as well as working directly with materials.
Students work with former papers to maximise their exam techniques.
Students work with fractions, ratios, and scale drawings.
Students work with general ledger software and spreadsheet applications.
Students work with geometric shapes and investigate the relationships of shapes to each other.
Students work with glaze development through both judicious testing and empirical formulas.
Students work with graphs and tables, telling time, and counting money.
Students work with guest artists, critics, or scholars.
Students work with hardware and software.
Students work with highly experienced faculty and in various settings.
Students work with historical, archaeological and climate-related evidence.
Students work with immigration lawyers in Chicago.
Students work with Indian books, name chart, written directions, posters, and name cards.
Students work with individual and small groups of children to complete instructional activities.
Students work with individual faculty members in ongoing research projects.
Students work with individual faculty on a research project in an area of interest.
Students work with individual law firms for a semester.
Students work with individual professors for ten weeks during the academic year.
Students work with individuals, couples or family groups under the immediate supervision of faculty.
Students work with industry established hardware and software.
Students work with industry standard equipment in spacious, modern shop areas.
Students work with infectious diseases of national and international interest.
Students work with instructors of core courses in business administration.
Students work with instructors of core courses in sociology.
Students work with instructors to design a program to match their goals and objectives.
Students work with integrated circuits, digital electronics, microprocessors and robotics.
Students work with interactive infromation that includes images, vocabulary, and music.
Students work with interdisciplinary teams in providing acute and chronic care.
Students work with larger data sets, involving three dimensional coordinates.
Students work with lawyers and clients and make legal decisions with supervision.
Students work with linear and nonlinear editing bays, as well as multimedia systems.
Students work with local professionals in an area related to their career interest.
Students work with local retail centers.
Students work with local small businesses under faculty direction.
Students work with many agencies in all states and many countries.
Students work with marine biologists to accomplish specific objectives.
Students work with marine mammal scientists and marine biologists to accomplish specific objectives.
Students work with master pages, style sheets, trapping and advanced text-formatting functions.
Students work with materials from their classes.
Students work with media-related campus units.
Students work with mentor in field of mutual interest.
Students work with metals such as copper, bronze, pewter, silver and gold.
Students work with methods that isolate DNA and chromosomes depending on the specialty.
Students work with mixtures, solutions and suspensions, and learn about filtration and evaporation.
Students work with models.
Students work with monologues, scenes and improvisation on a basic level.
Students work with naturalists and independently on a variety of seasonal activities.
Students work with neighborhood and community groups.
Students work with network-based material and submit assignments.
Students work with new immigrants and visit orphanages.
Students work with number patterns, ratio and proportion, exponents and properties of integers.
Students work with nurse preceptors in delivering care to groups of clients.
Students work with nurses or mid-level nurse practitioners in an interdisciplinary environment.
Students work with one another to explore ideas through hands-on activities.
Students work with one of several organizations in the Hispanic community.
Students work with one or more advisors composed of graduate faculty members.
Students work with one or more faculty who advise and evaluate the project.
Students work with one or more live cases using the simulated environment of a consulting firm.
Students work with one or more regular teachers in a middle grades classroom.
Students work with one or more regular teachers in a secondary school.
Students work with other objects.
Students work with other students and staff as facilitators.
Students work with others in a variety of situations to set and achieve goals.
Students work with others in student organizations.
Students work with others of similar age and ability.
Students work with others to determine concrete steps they can take to build a strong social fabric.
Students work with paints and glazes on unfired greenware.
Students work with paraprofessional math tutors who have recent classroom experience teaching math.
Students work with parents and children in their homes, includes case management services.
Students work with park staff and are evaluated at the end of each term.
Students work with partner to compare homework.
Students work with partners as web site sleuths.
Students work with partners on homeworks and term paper.
Students work with partners to complete tasks over a five-week session.
Students work with partners to read a text.
Students work with partners.
Students work with patients for approximately nine months.
Students work with peers and adults to create the guidelines they wish to live by.
Students work with people and institutions in the community, including adult experts.
Students work with people from the community in a modern salon setting.
Students work with pins, clips, and lima beans to model steps to a teacher-made puzzle.
Students work with pottery, pastels, markers, crayons, colored pencils, charcol, and more.
Students work with practising services engineers as part-time consultants to the programme.
Students work with preceptors and have a chance to develop a better understanding of epilepsy.
Students work with predicting outcomes, journaling, various poetic formats, etc.
Students work with pre-school children in the play lab.
Students work with private peer tutors to build skills in the subject matter.
Students work with problems encountered in business settings and in current issues.
Students work with problems obtained from industry and elsewhere.
Students work with professional artists on creative projects.
Students work with professional chemists to analyze water samples.
Students work with professional choreographers.
Students work with professionals and for professionals.
Students work with projects that develop understanding of both sculptural ideas and materials.
Students work with qualified designers in the field.
Students work with ratios in charts, as ordered pairs, and as fractions and decimals.
Students work with real applications that business and industry use in everyday life.
Students work with real clients to analyze a written program and design a solution.
Students work with real database management systems.
Students work with real international problems and are supervised by actual business consultants.
Students work with recorded material and with guest speakers.
Students work with residents and attending faculty.
Students work with residents and faculty.
Students work with residents of long-term care facilities to create scrapbooks of residents' lives.
Students work with scanners to input existing art and photographs for manipulation on the computer.
Students work with scanners to input existing art or photographs for manipulation on the computer.
Students work with school mediators or create their own mediation group.
Students work with scientific instruments and materials in a problem-solving context.
Students work with seasoned professionals at the top of their field.
Students work with seniors on enhancing their computer skills.
Students work with similar equipment to that used in education, commmercial and community media.
Students work with simulated families, sculpting, and genograms.
Students work with skipper on navigation and boat-handling.
Students work with small groups and whole class applying media and technology.
Students work with soft and hard pastels emphasising the landscape.
Students work with some of the most sophisticated equipment available.
Students work with staff in treating patients.
Students work with staff to define actions on the network as acceptable, misuse or abuse.
Students work with students, students work with counselors, counselors work with counselors.
Students work with students.
Students work with study partners to complete assignments and even examinations.
Students work with supervisors on knowledge, skills, and attitudes in the teaching process.
Students work with talented members of the community.
Students work with tapes and dialogues in class to suppliment the text.
Students work with teacher on specified geometric topics.
Students work with teacher.
Students work with technology daily.
Students work with television cameras, computers and editing equipment to produce video programs.
Students work with tempera and acrylic paints in combination with other media and materials.
Students work with textbooks, write essays, submit problem-solving assignments, and take exams.
Students work with texts from contemporary print and broadcast media.
Students work with textual materials which incorporate audio and or audiovisual components.
Students work with that community for the entire semester for two full days a week.
Students work with the advisor to create the yearbook.
Students work with the best chefs in our profession.
Students work with the clay, feeling how plastic and responsive it is to shaping.
Students work with the clients during the semester, with studio review to direct the student.
Students work with the coordinator to plan and carry out the work required.
Students work with the environmental law faculty on placement within their interest and backgrounds.
Students work with the faculty as well as with guest artists each year.
Students work with the inpatient consultation service and attend outpatient clinics.
Students work with the instructor in all aspects of course management.
Students work with the instructor to design an individualized course of study.
Students work with the Internship Coordinator to secure sites for their internships.
Students work with the ir faculty instructors as appropriate.
Students work with the local Habitat chapter and with chapters in other states.
Students work with the pen tool and the transformation tools.
Students work with the program advisor in planning their program of study.
Students work with the program, using worksheets provided.
Students work with the public in developing their learning skills.
Students work with the same company for three to six months.
Students work with the same teacher team for three years.
Students work with the wire service copy and other raw copy, editing, rewriting, and copy fitting.
Students work with their academic adviser to select a minor in which to specialize.
Students work with their advisors and others to choose, plan, and carry out service opportunities.
Students work with their advisors in selecting courses.
Students work with their advisors to choose elective courses to develop their specific interests.
Students work with their advisors to develop an approved program of study.
Students work with their advisors to develop an individual course of study.
Students work with their advisors to develop their program of study.
Students work with their advisors to plan and execute the final project. .
Students work with their advisors to plan and execute the final project.
Students work with their advisors to tailor their program of study to their personal interests.
Students work with their application coordinators to complete the application materials.
Students work with their committee chair in selecting the courses.
Students work with their faculty advisor to identify an acceptable research topic.
Students work with their faculty advisors to determine the electives that best fit their needs.
Students work with their faculty instructors as appropriate.
Students work with their faculty mentor either during the summer or the academic year.
Students work with their high school biology teachers to generate questions.
Students work with their high school guidance counselor or advisor to apply.
Students work with their home institutions to determine benefits for their participation.
Students work with their partner teacher either before, after, or during school.
Students work with their preceptors over the course of their three years of medical training.
Students work with their professor in the Printmaking studio.
Students work with their program committees to determine an appropriate program of study .
Students work with their teacher to develop an assessment rubric for the projects.
Students work with theories and practical application of interactive didactic communication.
Students work with theories and practical applications of interactive didactic communication.
Students work with theories and skills inherent in expressive and dramatic communication.
Students work with topographic and geologic maps and with aerial and satellite images.
Students work with traditional analog sound equipment and tape.
Students work with two faculty advisers from different departments.
Students work with type fonts and color.
Students work with varied illustration projects from concept to finished artwork.
Students work with various drawing media, watercolors, and acrylic paints.
Students work with various members of the college theatre staff and area professionals.
Students work with various organizations including departments of social services.
Students work with veterinarians and other equine practitioners.
Students work with video tape to refine skills and confidence.
Students work with volunteer physicians on teams, and provide intake and translation.
Students work with wire service copy and other raw copy, editing, rewriting, and copy fitting.
Students work with wood, metal, etc., to create objects using mass, space, time, and light.
Students work with wooden or paper models and learn to handle tools and machines in the workshop.
Students work with, and are supervised by, members of the professional staff.
Students work with, diagnose, and repair automobiles to gain practical experience.
Students work within a group and prepare a written analysis.
Students work within a research group on an individual project supervised by a member of staff.
Students work within a team in order to solve specific tasks, utilizing each member of their team.
Students work within teams and grade levels to build pride in themselves and the school community.
Students work within the aggregate supply and demand framework throughout.
Students work within their individual comfort range and physical limitations.
Students work year round preparing information concerning their chosen country.
Students work, if teachers direct, guide, and observe.
Students work, travel, and attend institutes and conferences or other such professional experiences.
Students work, typically, with two types of finite examples.
Students work, utilizing writing partners as needed, and finish a rewrite for homework.
Students working as a group on a single project can present a joint poster.
Students working as a research or teaching assistant also receive a health fee waiver.
Students working at campus jobs receive earnings checks for the number of hours worked.
Students working at home can access support at anytime through a dedicated helpline.
Students working below grade level receive extra help during and after school hours.
Students working exclusively during the summer months are also eligible for consideration.
Students working for either publication receive one-quarter credit for the year.
Students working in cooperative groups can all use the same source at the same time.
Students working in groups can benefit with interaction.
Students working in groups can reserve a room with a computer to work on their group projects.
Students working in groups create a co-operative or competitive game and teach it to others.
Students working in groups drop their objects one at a time from different heights.
Students working in groups engage in decision making processes similar to real-life situations.
Students working in groups make much more significant progress.
Students working in groups to solve each other's geometry problems makes the lesson active and fun.
Students working in landscape classes provide their own outdoor easels.
Students working in large teams develop websites as a service to and for their communities.
Students working in pairs are able to share ideas and help each other.
Students working in pairs choose a magazine picture from a pile already cut out.
Students working in pairs decide on a moving toy to construct.
Students working in pairs learn so much from each other while searching for words.
Students working in pairs or in small storytelling groups learn to negotiate the meaning of a tale.
Students working in polymers can study the microstructure of crystallized polymers.
Students working in production units make three short fiction films.
Students working in small groups on a collaborate project can turn to the each other for support.
Students working in small teams blow half dome bubbles with a straw on a cafeteria tray.
Students working in teams develop start-up firms in the computer industry.
Students working in teams implement a local area network system.
Students working in the dairy barn learn how to milk cows, feed cows, and calves.
Students working in the welding laboratory can perform small production runs for local industry.
Students working in Toronto over the summer or on work terms often find the registry useful.
Students working individually or in groups of two or three submit independent science projects.
Students working individually, in small groups, or as whole classes can submit projects.
Students working on a computer, ca.
Students working on an engaging problem are interested learners.
Students working on campus generally have a fast connection to the Internet.
Students working on campus receive orientation to policies and procedures.
Students working on chemistry assignments have first priority for using the equipment.
Students working on class assignments have priority access to the computers.
Students working on English skills, for example, use a combination of workbooks and videos.
Students working on projects and course work for foreign language courses have priority.
Students working on specific research project can also earn additional support.
Students working on term papers and writing assignments are welcome to make appointments.
Students working on the dissertation full-time typically finish it in between one and three years.
Students working on the journal can receive up to three credits toward graduation.
Students working on the sites range from engineering to journalism to business majors.
Students working on their dissertation are also eligible.
Students working on their dissertation receive individual staff attention.
Students working on their dissertations are eligible for released time or fellowship support.
Students working on-campus have no commuting time.
Students working online are often much more informal early in the semester.
Students working their way through school earn little enough as it is.
Students working together help each other learn.
Students working together in groups can help each other.
Students working toward honors recognition also take honors science or mathematics courses.
Students working with computers require less directing from the instructor.
Students working with outside agencies or organizations are free to negotiate their own pay scale.
Students working with ROC can learn about working on both sides of the camera.
Students working with students is one effective way of devloping mastery.
Students working with the children are under the guidance of regular staff at all times.
Students working with their local community create a website to showcase the place where they live.
Students working within organisations are able to relate their learning to their own experience.
Students workshop short, weekly writing assignments.
Students worry about courses and their future.
Students worry about having friends.
Students worship at camp .
Students worship the pagan god of diversity.
Students worship together in liturgies that they plan.
Students worship together twice weekly.
Students wound up burning more than their food.
Students wrangle, pack, move camp and conduct all phases of the wilderness trail ride.
Students wrap presents at a central place in the area shopping district.
Students write a basic home page.
Students write a bibliography for the resources used in their presentation.
Students write a book on how to make a certain recipe and see the world.
Students write a book, highlighting each month of the year.
Students write a business report.
Students write a buying guide for the two cars based on the rubric.
Students write a caption to go with an amusing or interesting photograph.
Students write a character sketch of the real pirate.
Students write a cinquain or diamante poem.
Students write a class newspaper about the armed conflicts in which the United States has fought.
Students write a clean copy of their final story.
Students write a code number on what they submit rather than their names.
Students write a collection of short stories, poems, or essays.
Students write a commercial to inform people of ways to enhance healthy habitats.
Students write a compiler for a simple programming language.
Students write a complete paragraph.
Students write a complete question from the unit being studied.
Students write a compliment and draw a picture.
Students write a composition in response to the prompt.
Students write a comprehensive research paper.
Students write a conclusion describing how well the experiment demonstrated the problem.
Students write a contract each quarter with teacher assistance to determine specific areas of work.
Students write a conventional dissertation.
Students write a creative story about their animals, then eat the cookies.
Students write a critical evaluation of each paper in the manner of a peer review.
Students write a critique of three papers selected from the published geochemical literature.
Students write a description of each of the five themes in a sentence or two.
Students write a descriptive journal entry about events leading up to the slave's freedom.
Students write a descriptive paragraph depicting what the mission looks like.
Students write a descriptive paragraph of their mystery buddy.
Students write a detailed business plan based upon an idea of their choosing.
Students write a detailed description of their sampling site.
Students write a diary during the clinical period and compose two short situation reports.
Students write a dissertation describing their original research.
Students write a dissertation in their third year.
Students write a dissertation on a subject chosen in consultation with the course convenor.
Students write a Fall poem and explore rhyming patterns.
Students write a few notes, but, generally, they face the teacher with undistracted attention.
Students write a fifteen-page research paper.
Students write a final draft of their scripts with all plants and cues correctly inserted.
Students write a final report.
Students write a first person narrative from the perspective of one of the characters.
Students write a five paragraph essay.
Students write a five-page report presenting their county or regional impact study.
Students write a focused research proposal that relates to a topic discussed in the sessions.
Students write a formal research paper, using standard writing process.
Students write a friend or relative in another state or country to ask about their culture.
Students write a full-length screen play.
Students write a general idea outline beforehand, then learn to make it more precise between drafts.
Students write a guided composition about a shopping trip.
Students write a haiku about water.
Students write a hypothesis about the strength of two magnets.
Students write a journal entry about the new recycling habits they intend to adopt as a result.
Students write a journal entry comparing the three building projects.
Students write a journal entry detailing their personal growth from start to finish.
Students write a journal entry for the day.
Students write a journal entry on Chopin.
Students write a journal response.
Students write a letter to a person of their choice, describing what they learned.
Students write a letter to the principal to suggest proposed changes.
Students write a list of objects and symbols that they associate with evil.
Students write a literary analysis of a play in production locally and discuss visual arts.
Students write a literary analysis on a local play production and discuss visual arts.
Students write a log of their own knowledge, expectations, goals, and responsibilities for the unit.
Students write a major paper in close consultation with the faculty.
Students write a major reseach paper using primary and secondary sources during the first term.
Students write a major research paper on a topic which contributes to the field of music therapy.
Students write a major research paper.
Students write a minimum of six papers and also engage in group projects.
Students write a mini-proposal that justifies their choice of medium .
Students write a monthly column on a different sports medicine topic for each issue.
Students write a myth that reflects the beliefs of their civilization.
Students write a new poem at least every other week.
Students write a number of articles, including a feature and an article for the Web.
Students write a number of essays that are descriptive, analytical, or critical in approach.
Students write a number of original poems.
Students write a number of short reports and one long research paper.
Students write a number sentence showing how the perimeter was determined.
Students write a one page paper either pro or con on the topic.
Students write a one-page research proposal which they distribute to the committee.
Students write a paper and make a presentation on a current research topic.
Students write a paper and make a presentation on a current research topics.
Students write a paper related to their field of interest.
Students write a paper, read to a classmate who can help peer edit.
Students write a paragraph describing the advantages and disadvantages of leasing an automobile.
Students write a paragraph explaining their choice.
Students write a paragraph on how the definition has changed.
Students write a paragraph on the relationship between rights and responsibilities.
Students write a paragraph or two summarizing the interviews or make oral reports to the class.
Students write a paragraph, in their own words, explaining how fossil fuels are formed.
Students write a penpal or keypal to ask about driving customs in the target country.
Students write a personal essay expressing their personal views about hate crimes.
Students write a persuasive letter identifying and defending their choice of company locations.
Students write a plan to test one of the hypotheses and carry out their investigation.
Students write a play about the parts of a cell, and the life process of a cell.
Students write a play or screenplay.
Students write a play using puppets.
Students write a poem that uses at lease two poetic elements.
Students write a poem using course content as the basis instead of personal observations.
Students write a position paper on gender roles in their shop.
Students write a project evaluation.
Students write a project.
Students write a prose account of their impressions of India after reading the poem.
Students write a readers' theatre illustrating the athlete at work.
Students write a report about their topic.
Students write a report describing the experiment and their results.
Students write a report of research accomplished.
Students write a report on a topic of their choice.
Students write a report on how a pacemaker is used and how they function.
Students write a report on the important documents of the American Revolution.
Students write a report showing the facts they have learned about their topic.
Students write a research essay arid learn to use secondary sources.
Students write a research paper about the history, music, dance, art, and economy of Africa.
Students write a research paper and develop a personal portfolio to demonstrate their IT skills.
Students write a research paper and put it on a Web site for peer review.
Students write a research paper appropriate for submission to an academic conference.
Students write a research paper as a final project.
Students write a research paper discussing what they have learned.
Students write a research paper which demonstrates understanding of literary criticism.
Students write a research proposal as a culminating activity.
Students write a research proposal relevant to physical therapy practice.
Students write a resource manager that presents a tar file as a file system.
Students write a review about one of the fairy tales they have read.
Students write a review of literature in a chosen area.
Students write a revised draft after critique by instructor.
Students write a scene taking place in a gas station.
Students write a school library media center management manual.
Students write a screenplay as a thesis under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students write a semester-long research paper.
Students write a senior paper on a topic chosen in consultation with the instructor.
Students write a sentence and draw a picture describing the firefighter's role in the community.
Students write a sentence with their partner telling about one of their job duties.
Students write a series of short papers and one longer analytical paper of approximately five pages.
Students write a series of short research papers, one for each member of the department faculty.
Students write a series of shorter papers and one lengthy final paper, to be orally presented.
Students write a short biographical sketch of their artist.
Students write a short biography of the selected astronaut.
Students write a short letter to their parents as a gift.
Students write a short love story divided into chapters.
Students write a short poem or piece of prose about a given picture.
Students write a short research paper on a contemporary controversial issue for their portfolios.
Students write a short research paper on one aspect of global training or communication.
Students write a short research paper.
Students write a short response at the end of the unit briefly responding to what they learned.
Students write a short response paper and take a final comprehensive exam.
Students write a short statement of the significance of their data.
Students write a short story for publication.
Students write a simple state machine to control the trains and avoid crashes.
Students write a speech using data from their performance sheets and daily goal sheets.
Students write a story about a topic that they know well.
Students write a story about other young people conducting a conservation project.
Students write a story about their birthday moon.
Students write a story about their ship.
Students write a story which describes a possible situation for each graph.
Students write a story, in sections, as the unit proceeds.
Students write a substantial research paper in addition to several shorter assignments.
Students write a succinct summary of an article on an environmental topic.
Students write a summary of a current, relevant article which relates to the subject matter.
Students write a summary of a research article AND they give a brief presentation on the article.
Students write a summary of each sound clip they select.
Students write a summary of key points made that day.
Students write a summary of the experiments.
Students write a summary of their evaluated Web sites.
Students write a summary of what their graph represents.
Students write a summary report of class results.
Students write a summary.
Students write a summer vacation essay in physics.
Students write a suspense story as an end of chapter writing application.
Students write a synthesizing paper on some significant dimension of literature or language.
Students write a take home exam in which they synthesize material covered during the semester.
Students write a technical report on overhaul procedures.
Students write a term paper and give an oral presentation on a laser-related topic.
Students write a term paper and give an oral presentation.
Students write a term paper and take a final exam.
Students write a term paper which includes interviews and active research.
Students write a thematic unit which they present to area teachers during finals week.
Students write a theoretical exam and perform a practical examination on the fifth day.
Students write a thesis as their final academic requirement.
Students write a thesis on a topic related to language patterning or language variation.
Students write a thesis that combines gender studies with their home discipline.
Students write a treatment, direct, produce, shoot and edit footage.
Students write a two-page essay about what culture is and share with group.
Students write a variety of compositions applying the information learned.
Students write a variety of essays and complete a research paper.
Students write a variety of pieces, short and long, on a contemporary issue of their choice.
Students write about a family member they admire.
Students write about abject loneliness.
Students write about an imaginary trip to one of the countries.
Students write about and interact on environmental issues facing their communities during the year.
Students write about and interact on environmental issues in their communities.
Students write about business issues and industries vital to the economy.
Students write about courage, how characters act courageously and how they displayed their courage.
Students write about famous people, family members, and friends who are personal heroes.
Students write about how their animal uses adaptations to survive.
Students write about mathematics.
Students write about science, scientists, and hilariously failed experiments.
Students write about scientific subjects for the layperson.
Students write about the differences in the game and cultures.
Students write about the differences of the various flowers they studied.
Students write about the five-day festival.
Students write about the predictions they made yesterday .
Students write about the shape and the spread of the data on their line plot.
Students write about the similarities and differences in the games.
Students write about the similarities in the games and cultures.
Students write about the similarities of the various flowers they studied.
Students write about the topic.
Students write about their culture, festivals, food, school and so on.
Students write about their favorite and illustrate.
Students write about their life in their mother tongue.
Students write about their own lives.
Students write about their own names and share results.
Students write about themselves, their families, their friends and their future aspirations.
Students write about various topics everyday according to grade level expectations.
Students write abstracts of journal articles on a specific topic.
Students write abstracts of their research and seniors write a twenty page paper.
Students write additional papers, with increasing attention to synthesis of the total curriculum.
Students write all the stories and use each piece of equipment.
Students write an abstract about the module.
Students write an abstract of a journal article .
Students write an abstract of a journal article.
Students write an acrostic poem as a response to the novel and to the chosen work of art.
Students write an argumentative essay, defending their positions.
Students write an article about their experience.
Students write an autobiographical essay, give a series of reports, and carry out library research.
Students write an economic analysis of a current market issue.
Students write an eight-line autobiographical poem.
Students write an eleven-line autobiopoem following the teacher's example.
Students write an entry in their diary about a social event.
Students write an entry in their writer's notebook about a childhood trip they have taken.
Students write an essay and mail it.
Students write an essay comparing theTitanic sinking with that of the Lusitania.
Students write an essay of a designated type on a specified topic.
Students write an essay on The Scarlet Letter.
Students write an evaluation proposal in a health services area.
Students write an executive summary of each lecture.
Students write an extended project.
Students write an initial one-page position paper.
Students write an original research paper.
Students write an outline of their video.
Students write analytical and creative works.
Students write analytical, personal, and creative essays based on their study of literature.
Students write and defend a sociological thesis under the guidance of a faculty mentor.
Students write and deliver speeches based on their own personal dreams for a better tomorrow.
Students write and develop a one-act play and submit a log of class exercises.
Students write and discuss their own papers and analyze model texts.
Students write and draw something unique that they see.
Students write and edit journal articles.
Students write and edit letters, resumes, memos, and brief reports.
Students write and edit news, features, editorials and reviews.
Students write and edit the articles, case notes and book reviews that appear in the journal.
Students write and essay after studying the French Revolution.
Students write and fax responses to questions posed by the TV characters.
Students write and give speeches, scheming in and out of class to win.
Students write and illustrate a 'big book' on the concept being learned.
Students write and illustrate their experiences in their diary.
Students write and illustrate their own commercial for a fictional product.
Students write and memorize a one minute presentation to explain the storyboard.
Students write and organize short compositions, outlines, descriptions, and stories.
Students write and perform a role play of a scene at a restaurant.
Students write and perform examples of scales starting on a given note.
Students write and perform examples of scales.
Students write and perform numerous types of skits from song parodies to short comic dialouges.
Students write and polish their work in supportive, collaborative workshop classes.
Students write and present a major research project which conforms to standards in the field.
Students write and present a senior paper under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students write and produce all or part of a manual.
Students write and produce both print and broadcast media direct response packages.
Students write and produce plays.
Students write and publish about personal heroes .
Students write and publish at least five books in the fifth grade.
Students write and publish beautiful hardbound books at home or at school.
Students write and publish scientific abstracts and papers.
Students write and read non-fiction.
Students write and receive letters from pen pals.
Students write and record school angle stories on national events.
Students write and record the stories.
Students write and review grant proposals.
Students write and revise editorials using checklist provided by teacher.
Students write and revise material to produce strong paragraphs.
Students write and revise several essays on a variety of topics.
Students write and role play messages after hearing the authentic messages.
Students write and share critical reflections.
Students write and sing their own blues verses as a final project.
Students write and sketch, share their work, and reflect on other writers' work.
Students write and speak for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students write and speak for a variety of purposes and for diverse audiences.
Students write and speak in standard English.
Students write and speak with a command of standard English conventions.
Students write and submit different forms of poetry each month.
Students write and submit reports in a selected pharmacology journal format.
Students write and test program in symbolic languages.
Students write and test their solutions to problems.
Students write announcement including what, when, where, who, and why about the meeting to be held.
Students write another guess by number two.
Students write answers in the frame.
Students write answers to a survey on their favorite after school activities.
Students write answers to morning math work.
Students write answers with crayons.
Students write answers.
Students write any possible responses they have on a piece of paper while working with a partner.
Students write appraisal report.
Students write articles and feature stories to make a newspaper from a historical event or place.
Students write articles to be published in a class newspaper.
Students write articles, take ph otographs, design layouts and past up the book.
Students write articles, take pictures, do layout, and typesetting of paper.
Students write as many words or phrases as they can to describe each operation.
Students write as professionals do, regularly and with self-discipline.
Students write as well as calculate, reinforcing their skills in written communication.
Students write assignment, submit on paper.
Students write assignments here with the assistance of language specific software.
Students write at least four letters to people with interesting careers in Boston.
Students write at least one paper a week and keep daily journals.
Students write at least one paper a week.
Students write at least one paragraph summarizing what they find.
Students write at least two critical essays and several short pieces.
Students write at least two decisions.
Students write at least two position papers and a research paper.
Students write at their best when they have something to say and someone to say it to.
Students write autobiographical paragraphs, each beginning with a different letter of the alphabet.
Students write back.
Students write basic stories under real time constraints.
Students write best when given time, choice, and opportunity for response from others.
Students write biographical reports using a word processor.
Students write biographies for each major character.
Students write biographies of important pioneers in the space program.
Students write book reports and discuss book contents.
Students write book reviews as well as analytical and creative papers.
Students write both informal journal entries and formal papers.
Students write both narrative and expository essays, and a unit is devoted to research methods.
Students write brief explicaciones of individual poems during the course.
Students write brief reviews for each session.
Students write brief reviews of their selections.
Students write business letters to states.
Students write business letters, memos, proposals, and various types of reports.
Students write captions for each image as well as a short text to accompany the picture story. . . .
Students write captions for photographs.
Students write cards for each new word they encounter.
Students write case formulations.
Students write characteristics of Pueblo homes in notebooks.
Students write clear and choherent sentences and paragraphs that develop a central idea.
Students write clear and coherent sentences and paragraphs that develop a central idea.
Students write clear sentences and paragraphs that develop a central idea.
Students write clear sentences and paragraphs that develop a central ideal.
Students write clear solutions to problems on homework, in-class work, and exams.
Students write clear solutions to questions on exams.
Students write clear solutions to questions on homework and on laboratory exams.
Students write clear solutions to questions on tests and on in-class assignments.
Students write clear, coherent sentences and paragraphs that develop a central idea.
Students write clear, coherent, and focused essays.
Students write clearly and effectively.
Students write code in Java.
Students write codes of ethics for their organizations and themselves.
Students write coherent, well-documented research papers.
Students write college application essays in English class.
Students write commentaries and promotionals for oral and print media sources.
Students write comments about extracts from novels, textbooks, poetry and plays.
Students write comments about extracts of novels, textbooks, poetry and plays.
Students write comments on their experiences as part of our evaluation process.
Students write competently for a variety of audiences and purposes.
Students write competently for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students write competently for a variety of purposes.
Students write complete estimates on late-model automobiles.
Students write compositions and give oral presentations on various cultural topics.
Students write compositions based on the readings.
Students write compositions that describe and explain familiar objects, events and experiences.
Students write compositions that describe and explain familiar objects, events, and experiences.
Students write compositions, more detailed stories and scripts.
Students write compositions.
Students write computer programs as part of homework assignments.
Students write computer programs in a high-level language.
Students write computer programs to instruct their robots to perform simple tasks.
Students write conclusions.
Students write connected paragraphs in essay format while using academic English conventions.
Students write correct answers.
Students write creative essays, book critiques, and a substantive scholarly research paper.
Students write creatively in journals and draw pictures to illustrate their thoughts.
Students write critical analyses and essay exams.
Students write critical analysis, evaluations, and interpretations.
Students write critical and personal essays.
Students write critical essays relating assigned readings to the practicum experience.
Students write critical essays.
Students write critical papers and engage in experiential projects.
Students write critical papers as well as original scripts and view films and videos.
Students write critiques of each performance and events are discussed in class.
Students write critiques of journal articles in their field.
Students write critiques of quantitative arguments, gather data and present arguments of their own.
Students write daily in journals, in which they reflect upon the literature they have read.
Students write daily in journals, participate in shared writing, and often make class books.
Students write daily in learning logs, writing folders, or journals.
Students write daily in shared journals and in their homework as they summarize their reading.
Students write daily journal entries, using a variety of writing starters.
Students write daily, and read and respond to novels, short stories and non-fiction.
Students write daily.
Students write definitions and provide examples from their poems to support their definitions.
Students write definitions for mode, median, and range.
Students write definitions of math terms in journals.
Students write descriptions of interesting places and things they remember.
Students write descriptions of their pictures.
Students write descriptions.
Students write descriptive and narrative essays and essays in a variety of expository modes.
Students write descriptive poems using a word processing application.
Students write descriptive words on butterfly cutouts and hang or staple around the flowers.
Students write different things that can be done to develop better character on the footprints.
Students write directions for the dance their group created and illustrate their directions.
Students write discussion papers and a term paper.
Students write down brief answers to the following questions.
Students write down important information in their journals about the worker ant.
Students write down observations and reasoning for the change in reaction.
Students write down the alphabet lengthwise down a sheet of paper.
Students write down the classification of a killer whale.
Students write down the lyrics.
Students write down the page number where they found it.
Students write down the sentences and email the teacher their sentences.
Students write down their answers and solution strategies.
Students write down their emotions, feelings, and memories based on the selection played.
Students write down their estimations, then select bars to use for measuring items.
Students write drafts of reports.
Students write each stage of life on the line and draw a picture of it in the circle.
Students write effectively for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students write email notes directly to community members to ask certain questions.
Students write equations to represent equations .
Students write essays about the readings.
Students write essays and create pictures to demonstrate their understanding of the concepts.
Students write essays and papers to develop research and writing skills.
Students write essays at the teacher's discretion, usually producing one finished paper per cycle.
Students write essays based on literary selections.
Students write essays based on the play and choose five topics to research using the Internet.
Students write essays concerning salient international affairs issues and world law.
Students write essays demonstrating prior learning experience.
Students write essays frequently.
Students write essays in response to articles and essays contained in the textbook.
Students write essays of both types.
Students write essays on subjects related to literature being discussed.
Students write essays on the significance of each quilt patch design.
Students write essays responding to assigned readings and using different rhetorical modes.
Students write essays that examine poetry for structure and meaning.
Students write essays.
Students write every day, know and use the writing process, and share their ideas in many ways.
Students write every day.
Students write expository essays organized according to prescribed modes.
Students write expressively.
Students write extended expository essays.
Students write extended, informed arguments on issues of public concern.
Students write extensively and submit a finished portfolio of work at the end of the year.
Students write extensively in all of their classes.
Students write extensively, progressing from simple paragraphs to full-length academic papers.
Students write final composition on what they have read to the teacher on the line.
Students write final draft after critique by instructor.
Students write final drafts and send letters.
Students write final reflective piece.
Students write final revisions after critique by instructor.
Students write five higher term fractions for one simplified fraction.
Students write for a variety of manuscripts for a variety of purposes.
Students write for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students write for a variety of purposes and speak with a command of standard English conventions.
Students write for and edit several nationally circulated literary magazines.
Students write for communication with students and mentors via E-mail.
Students write for five or so minutes.
Students write for national publications.
Students write for portions of two-three class periods.
Students write for publication in the local press and student newspaper.
Students write for real world purposes .
Students write for specific audiences and learn organization, conciseness, and clarity in writing.
Students write for the jazz combos and big bands.
Students write for three hours on a total of three questions.
Students write for two days, three hours each day.
Students write for various size ensembles.
Students write four lengthy essays and do considerable informal writing.
Students write free verse poems but are also challenged to write in traditional forms.
Students write freely or are guided by the teacher's questions and statements.
Students write frequent short essays, creative assignments, and longer critical essays.
Students write frequently and practice revising and editing a variety of formats.
Students write frequently and to deadlines.
Students write frequently for varied purposes.
Students write frequently on a variety of subjects.
Students write frequently, and all their work is carefully critiqued.
Students write frequently, both in and out of class.
Students write from brainstormed lists of words and phrases, as well as recording observations.
Students write from two to three times per week.
Students write geometric proofs, including proofs by contradiction.
Students write historical research papers in consultation with the professor.
Students write ideas about the positive symbolism of the colors green and yellow for the new flag.
Students write illustrated reference manuals which reflect the content of the course.
Students write image processing programs.
Students write image-processing programs.
Students write important notes.
Students write in a high level language to implement the concepts studied.
Students write in a personal journal.
Students write in a variety of forms for different purposes.
Students write in a variety of media styles to improve their own media writing skills.
Students write in a variety of modes for a variety of audiences.
Students write in a variety of modes for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students write in equations to generate graph.
Students write in forms to be selected from poetry, fiction, drama and essays.
Students write in forms to be selected from poetry, fiction, drama, and essays.
Students write in journal and save as they proceed.
Students write in journals and make class books.
Students write in journals daily.
Students write in more creative ways.
Students write in response to a question.
Students write in the days of the week and draw the character.
Students write in the target language for a variety of purposes and diverse audiences.
Students write in the various poetic forms studied.
Students write in their dialogue journals every day in class or for homework.
Students write in their journals about the dangers of jumping to conclusions or acting impulsively.
Students write in their own languages.
Students write in their own words what they learned from the site.
Students write in their personal journals daily.
Students write individual and group papers on the case topics.
Students write individual assignments based upon group work.
Students write individual drafts that they critique and revise together.
Students write individual news reports as a follow-up language activity.
Students write individual pages for a class book about endangered species.
Students write individual reflections on the problems in their logs.
Students write individual research reports, which are marked by two independent examiners.
Students write individually for ten minutes.
Students write initial reflective piece on topic, and create illustration.
Students write insightfully about their own personal experiences.
Students write invitations, thank yous, introduces guests.
Students write it up after each class or at the end of each class.
Students write journal entries about daily life.
Students write journal entries.
Students write journals and do a final project as part of their class requirement.
Students write journals giving their personal opinions and reactions on the subject matter.
Students write laboratory reports for the five experiments they perform.
Students write letter to editor agreeing or disagreeing with author.
Students write letters and make cards and posters for the sailors.
Students write letters for a variety of situations.
Students write letters for the sounds they isolate in the words they write.
Students write letters to creek residents on a regular basis.
Students write letters to local organizations associated with specific natural resources.
Students write letters to men and woman over seas.
Students write letters to someone they see as a role model.
Students write letters to thank businesses for donating materials.
Students write letters, make cards, and create gifts for their pen pals.
Students write letters.
Students write literary formal essays in addition to informal, reactive, or creative papers.
Students write local and federal government news stories.
Students write longer and more complex compositions using acquired sentence patterns and kanji .
Students write longer essays on various topics.
Students write major argumentative essays.
Students write marketing materials and develop a strategic marketing plan based on their case.
Students write math problems about fish and fishing.
Students write memorandums and letters.
Students write mid-unit evaluations of their learning process.
Students write model compositions in order to learn about complex compositional problems.
Students write monologue as chosen character.
Students write monthly exercises, as daily or magazine articles, often submitted for publication.
Students write more and write better.
Students write more and write often.
Students write more frequently in college.
Students write more online.
Students write motion statements necessary to produce the machined part.
Students write multi-page papers and edit their own and others work.
Students write multi-paragraph essays using a variety of rhetorical patterns.
Students write multiple paragraphs that develop a main idea and provide support.
Students write musical arrangements for band in both the concert and marching setting.
Students write narrative, descriptive, and expository essays, as well as short stories.
Students write narrative, informal, and descriptive texts as well as friendly letters.
Students write narratives, descriptions of people, scenes.
Students write news releases, speeches, employee publications, newsletters and brochures, etc.
Students write news stories about events occurring during the semester.
Students write news stories and conduct news interviews.
Students write news, commentary, editorials, features and sports stories.
Students write newspaper articles.
Students write newspaper stories to report their findings.
Students write notes.
Students write numerical expressions from data in a table.
Students write numerous business communications, such as letters, memoranda, and reports.
Students write numerous formal and informal essays over music, movies, prose, and poetry.
Students write numerous programs to solve actual business problems.
Students write nursing care plans based on simulated clinical situations.
Students write observations.
Students write often and are urged to complete all sorts of formal and informal writing.
Students write often and in a variety of modes, including journals, poems, and essays.
Students write often.
Students write on a topic assigned by the teacher.
Students write on a wide variety of topics raised by the text.
Students write on one of the following two topics depending on what they have studied.
Students write on self-selected or assigned topics and share their writing with classmates.
Students write on subjects associated with their major or intended careers.
Students write on subjects of their own choice.
Students write on two questions from a list of at least four or five.
Students write on two questions from a list of four or five.
Students write one essay per week in the language of their specialization.
Students write one important fact from each tour location on the tour notes form .
Students write one journal piece and perform various office duties.
Students write one journal piece during their second year and perform various office duties.
Students write one letter, or a cluster of letters, for every sound in the word.
Students write one long or three short essays.
Students write one long paper, often in conjunction with another course.
Students write one of their favorite memories on a ray of the sun.
Students write one or more documented essays.
Students write one paper each term.
Students write one question in the morning and one question in the afternoon.
Students write one short paper analyzing a current economic problem.
Students write opinions and think more deeply than before.
Students write or dictate a sentence from the story, that includes their word.
Students write or give answers to purpose questions or study guide.
Students write original scripts, produce news shows and create animation.
Students write original short stories.
Students write original stories in class.
Students write out narrative answers to questions pertaining to films and other presentations.
Students write out their thoughts in response to the tasks set forth by the assessment.
Students write out what they consider FIVE vital components of our democracy today.
Students write paper using word processor.
Students write papers and deliver reports.
Students write papers exploring a design topic or issue of their choosing.
Students write papers in scientific report format.
Students write papers that analyze and synthesize meta-scientific and epistemological assumptions.
Students write papers that focus on issues related to their service experience.
Students write papers to develop research and writing skills.
Students write paragraphs and dialogues to be presented in class.
Students write paragraphs and formal essays.
Students write paragraphs concerning favorite hobbies or after school activities.
Students write paragraphs using the outline as a graphic organizer.
Students write paragraphs, essays and papers in response to literature.
Students write paragraphs, poems, and letters to French students.
Students write paragraphs.
Students write personality profiles, news backgrounders, and human interest stories.
Students write phrases and sentences in Latin.
Students write plays.
Students write poems and stories about the trash and learn about the dangers of our wastes.
Students write poems, incorporating elements of voice, image, metaphor, and music.
Students write poetry and discuss their work.
Students write poetry which is analyzed by the class.
Students write poetry, essays, stories, expository paragraphs, research papers and letters.
Students write poetry, fiction, drama and also read literature in each genre.
Students write predictions and revise conclusions.
Students write press releases, speeches and popularizations of complex documents.
Students write programs and develop course materials.
Students write programs during class labs that implement the concepts taught.
Students write programs employing everyday applications including graphics and sound.
Students write programs for business-related applications.
Students write programs of moderate complexity in the given language.
Students write programs to create and manipulate graphical entities.
Students write programs to illustrate many of the major ideas.
Students write programs to test some cryptographic techniques.
Students write programs using structured programming techniques to solve problems.
Students write programs, create menus, and use a program generator to create database programs.
Students write proofs and produce counterexamples.
Students write proofs involving algebraic concepts.
Students write proposal for a research project to help shape future policy formulation.
Students write prose answers to the character questions .
Students write published tributes to the supportive persons who have played a part in their success.
Students write questions to e-mail the employees they met.
Students write reflective journals in all of their clinical and practicum field placements.
Students write reflective journals of their experiences in the unit.
Students write reflective papers that present case studies of ministry challenges or opportunities.
Students write reflective summaries explaining why they ordered the labels as they did.
Students write refusal strategies.
Students write regular papers in response to the lectures.
Students write regular status reports in their journals.
Students write regularly for the employer and the academic coordinator.
Students write reports and business plans.
Students write reports and discuss their results at an oral presentation given for faculty members.
Students write reports and give oral presentations on their work.
Students write reports and make oral presentation of results.
Students write reports and reflective essays, argumentative and explanatory papers.
Students write reports in scientific format and present seminars.
Students write reports in the modes of narration, description, definition, analysis, and persuasion.
Students write reports over their musuem visit and do worksheets on the immigrant tapes.
Students write reports using statistical analysis in evaluating procedures.
Students write reports.
Students write research papers and senior theses.
Students write research proposals in collaboration with their mentors.
Students write research reports on animals.
Students write responses to faculty presentations.
Students write responses to the e-mails.
Students write responses to writing prompts in a timed, test-taking simulation.
Students write responses.
Students write results using team names.
Students write reviews of both recordings and live performances.
Students write reviews of the exhibit.
Students write rough drafts.
Students write rows of each symbol for writing practice, and learn to read and write basic signs.
Students write sample programs in some of the languages studied.
Students write scenarios, scenes, and short plays.
Students write scenes and exercises throughout the semester, culminating in a final project.
Students write scientific descriptions including descriptions of each organism in their model pond.
Students write scientific explanations, including an explanation about what magnets attract.
Students write scripts based on experience, heritage, imagination, literature, and history.
Students write scripts that can be produced in advanced filmmaking courses.
Students write scripts, create costumes, props and theatrical backdrops.
Students write second drafts of historical summaries.
Students write self and peer assessments after every unit.
Students write sentences in teams first, then individually.
Students write sentences on the lines provided beneath the table.
Students write sentences, paragraphs, and short essays.
Students write several critical essays on films seen both inside and outside of class.
Students write several essays and practice evaluating others' essays.
Students write several essays based on selected short stories, poems, and plays.
Students write several essays on assigned subjects.
Students write several fiction installments, critique peer work, and read modern novels.
Students write several papers on the works read or the performances viewed.
Students write several papers, including a research paper.
Students write several programs and a complete project.
Students write several programs illustrating the use of C in science, engineering, and business.
Students write several short analytic papers in each course.
Students write several short essays and produce a long final paper.
Students write several small programming assignments and one large project.
Students write several stories, revise, and critique.
Students write several substantial programs in the operating system area.
Students write several substantial programs.
Students write short biographies about their assigned heroes.
Students write short essay on public affairs and community research.
Students write short essays in class, regularly.
Students write short fiction, incorporating elements of plot, point of view, setting, and character.
Students write short papers every other week.
Students write short papers in class and at home in response to brief reading selections.
Students write short papers on one hymn a week and a final paper on one topic.
Students write short papers, present topics to the class and lead class discussions.
Students write short passages in Latin.
Students write short reports, stories, or oral presentations about their projects.
Students write short responses to each presentation, and a longer seminar paper.
Students write short weekly papers that encourage the development of individual strategy and style.
Students write similar computer programs using graphics functions.
Students write simple compositions describing themselves, events, etc.
Students write simple phrases and sentences in Latin.
Students write six essays, keep a journal, and complete a portfolio.
Students write six formal papers in addition to less formal written homework assignments.
Students write six or seven essays according to various types of organization.
Students write skits, commercials, stories, and opinion papers in Spanish.
Students write solutions to weekly problem sets.
Students write some more lyrics and compare.
Students write stories about events, people, issues and life in their local city or region.
Students write stories and shoot digital pictures and or video footage of the covered event.
Students write stories for radio and television news and produce radio news reports.
Students write stories in all languages about anything.
Students write stories under newsroom conditions.
Students write stories.
Students write story problems for children at lower grade levels.
Students write structured programs and use proper documentation.
Students write summaries explaining why they ordered the labels as they did.
Students write summaries on two books of their own choosing in the set.
Students write television scripts following professional program formats.
Students write term papers and present their findings.
Students write the actual notes and homework in the two-third's space remaining on the page.
Students write the answers to a critique and vote by silent ballot for the most effective brochure.
Students write the consonant they heard in each word.
Students write the correct multiplication sentence under each drawing.
Students write the day's assignment in their planners.
Students write the equation of the line below.
Students write the fact about their picture.
Students write the first few stanzas of a poem then pass the poem on to another class.
Students write the high frequency word in the cloze sentences on the book.
Students write the introduction and methods section of their classroom action research projects.
Students write the letter on their page.
Students write the lyrics for a single to be released by their own artist.
Students write the melody line and chord sympbols onto manuscript paper.
Students write the name of the parts asked to identify.
Students write the name of the tune and find the beat by quietly tapping hand on desk.
Students write the number on chalkboards or paper.
Students write the papers week by week, during the course.
Students write the paragraph on their own paper.
Students write the parametric equations to model the path of the arrow.
Students write the procedure for constructing the model.
Students write the questions on one side of the card.
Students write the recipe by sequencing the steps.
Students write the script, run the camera, mixer, and computer with a slide show.
Students write the script.
Students write the show around a topic using music, literature, storytelling and original writing.
Students write the speeches for the prosecution and the defence.
Students write the word in the appropriate square.
Students write their assignments in the passports and check off skills as they are completed.
Students write their bibliography and title page.
Students write their biopoem based on the famous person they have researched.
Students write their conclusions based on their scatter plots.
Students write their final draft.
Students write their guesses and their reasoning on a sheet of paper.
Students write their ideas on the surrounding blank paper.
Students write their letters on poems and readings assigned by the instructor.
Students write their name on the certificate and place half of it in a koala box in the classroom.
Students write their names and home cities next to their handprints on a diversity canvas.
Students write their names in English and student numbers at the top of the page.
Students write their names on strips of colored paper, then exchange slips with their classmates.
Students write their names on the card and return to teacher.
Students write their observations of nature in journals.
Students write their opinions of what the motto means a. Show picture of symbol of justice.
Students write their opinions of what the motto means.
Students write their own expert system.
Students write their own geometry book as they progress through the course.
Students write their own material and are encouraged to voice their feelings.
Students write their own plays and perform for local schools.
Students write their own poem about a photograph they treasure or one they wish they had.
Students write their own scripts and practice and perform for the rest of the class.
Students write their own scripts and record their shows on a cassette tape.
Students write their own short story about a good friend and include illustrations.
Students write their own stories about a favorite family outing.
Students write their own stories about the oruga they have named.
Students write their own stories on the computer and have peer tutors help in editing and revising.
Students write their own stories or messages each day.
Students write their papers, using any program.
Students write their quotes and paint a watercolor picture to accompany it.
Students write their research paper, which includes the six paragraphs listed above in the overview.
Students write their response with class.
Students write their response with copy of the rubric at hand.
Students write their responses during the viewing of the video and discuss with each other.
Students write their scenarios based on the evidence gathered.
Students write their second drafts as homework.
Students write their signature next to their hand print.
Students write their stories.
Students write their theses in consultation with their advisors.
Students write their thesis during the second non-resident interim.
Students write their thoughts in the appropriate columns.
Students write their winning moneymaking strategies.
Students write their wishes for the new millennium.
Students write their words with their fingers in fine sand.
Students write themes bases on rhetorical models and short stories.
Students write theories.
Students write thoughtful responses to reading.
Students write three argumentative essays ranging from personal experience to an academic article.
Students write three directions on a piece of paper and draw three compass roses.
Students write three proposals regarding the creation of their new venture.
Students write three short papers and compile and present entries from a reflection processfolio.
Students write three small papers on assigned topics.
Students write three statements.
Students write three unit exams and a comprehensive final examination.
Students write titles on board to prevent duplication.
Students write to engineers in Antarctica about their work in satellite tracking at the South Pole.
Students write to game manufacturers, sharing research results.
Students write to inform.
Students write to other eighth grade students all in different towns and states.
Students write to persuade and to report and describe.
Students write to persuade, report and describe.
Students write topics that they wrote about on board, form investigation teams.
Students write twelve sentences using the new vocabulary words.
Students write two essays for the state exam.
Students write two examinations during the course of the semester.
Students write two or three short papers and take two exams.
Students write two or three substantial programs.
Students write two papers on literary and cinematic techniques and complete a final paper.
Students write two papers.
Students write two pieces a grading period.
Students write two poems, acrostic and diamond .
Students write two sentences describing one aspect of the story.
Students write two short papers and one long research paper.
Students write two shorter papers or a single, longer, researched paper.
Students write two to four additional statements.
Students write up a written report about what they learned at their informational interviews.
Students write up and present to the class events that occur in their field placements.
Students write up summaries in their note books.
Students write up their experiment designs, results and concluding paper using a word processor.
Students write up their lab reports and answer implication questions .
Students write up their lab reports and give oral presentations to the class.
Students write up their observations and interpretations in their personal journals.
Students write up weekly labs.
Students write using strategies to communicate for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students write using various forms to communicate for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students write various types of short essays and a research paper.
Students write voice dub narratives for their respective slides.
Students write weekly abstracts on articles covered by the seminars.
Students write weekly essays on selected topics.
Students write weekly journals which faculty mentors read and return with comments.
Students write weekly responses to the readings, lectures and events.
Students write weekly summaries and identify critical incidents that occurred at the service site.
Students write what they saw while observing the parts of a flower.
Students write what they think the word means even if they are unsure.
Students write while teacher circulates around room and helps with individual problems.
Students write with a command of the grammatical and mechanical conventions of composition.
Students write with sensitivity and a newfound tolerance of differences with others.
Students write with sticks on the surface.
Students write with the audience of a specific magazine in mind and polish their piece.
Students write words and brief sentences that are legible.
Students write words and brief two to three word phrases that are legible.
Students write words, sentences, and simple paragraphs.
Students write yes, no, or a more specific comment in each box.
Students write, and rewrite, extensively.
Students write, and the teacher facilitates.
Students write, compile, debug, execute and test Visual Basic programs.
Students write, debate, conduct interviews and opinion polls.
Students write, defend and publicly present one long research paper or thesis.
Students write, deliver and analyze sermons.
Students write, direct and act in most of the productions.
Students write, direct and produce their own skits in drama.
Students write, draw, and print their projects.
Students write, edit and produce the publication.
Students write, edit, and publish their work.
Students write, edit, design and compose pages, take and develop photos, sell advertisements.
Students write, perform and produce in radio and television studio laboratories.
Students write, perform, and produce in studios and production rooms and in the field.
Students write, polish, and deliver informative and persuasive messages.
Students write, present and defend a research paper based upon work undertaken towards their thesis.
Students write, present, and question a political party platform.
Students write, present, and record a reenactment of a controversial historical event.
Students write, produce and irect a studio TV program.
Students write, produce, crew, and edit selected teledramatic programs.
Students write, produce, direct, and videotape short documentaries.
Students write, read, share and publish their work for classmates and others.
Students write, rehearse and produce plays in class.
Students write, revise and present a research paper on an anthropological topic.
Students write, revise, and respond in the bottom window.
Students write, revise, and submit documents suitable for print and non-print publications.
Students write, script, produce and record their own radio show.
Students write, share their writing, and respond to the writing of others, each day.
Students write, shoot, edit and anchor their own news scripts.
Students write, tape, edit and produce field reports and a television minidocumentary.
Students writer an essay on an assigned topic within an allotted time frame.
Students writes clearly and effectively.
Students write-up their patient encounters, which are reviewed by faculty.
Students writing a thesis select an adviser by the end of the junior year.
Students writing reflects fluency, expression of ideas, effective organization, and voice.
Students writing to real audiences write more.
Students yearn to be heard, to be understood.
Students yearn to meet other young people at clubs, parties and so on.
Students yell out the titles of the pieces they want to rehearse.
Students zap the objects that float across the space craft window.
Student always participates in class with enthusiasm and interest.
Students always appear to work harder while engaged in learning with computers.
Students always ask to show their classroom teachers.
Students always attend for free and are picked via a lottery system.
Students always benefit from the research going on at a university.
Students always choose paddling because it's over quickly.
Students always come first.
Students always comment how useful it is to be able to refer back to the materials at their leisure.
Students always copy the tips before leaving.
Students always enjoy coming up with questions to be answered by others.
Students always enjoy games.
Students always enjoy learning the signs for a few words or phrases.
Students always enjoy seeing their work displayed.
Students always enjoy the opportunity to contact an alum from their hometown throughout the year.
Students always face the problem of loss of direction.
Students always feel that when they have finished their assignment and they have learned.
Students always get the best seats at basketball games.
Students always go in groups.
Students always have a backup copy.
Students always have a chance to earn extra points during the marking period.
Students always have a clear picture of how to write complete sentences.
Students always have a great time and work hard to accomplish their goals.
Students always have access to resident personnel throughout the program.
Students always have direct input in the determination of financial aid budgets.
Students always have first priority during office hours.
Students always have good ideas and thoughts to share with others.
Students always have interesting questions.
Students always have opportunity for revision.
Students always have stereotypes about professors that have to be overcome.
Students always have the choice of adding additional funds to their student account as needed.
Students always have the option of directly e-mailing the tutor directly as well.
Students always have the option to appeal their tickets.
Students always have to reach in many directions to get an education.
Students always know how they are doing.
Students always know what they are doing and why.
Students always learn more from teacher sthey like.
Students always learn when they have fun.
Students always look forward to going on field trips.
Students always love a good horror film.
Students always perceive that others are drinking more than they really are.
Students always provide written interpretations of the data.
Students always reflect their teachers actions and attitudes.
Students always respond to the figure.
Students always study at the appropriate level.
Students always welcome.
Students always wonder what their grades are and of course they are always asking.
Student frequently looks at keyboard while typing.
Student frequently misspells words while writing stories, essays, book reports, etc.
Students frequently act out their hostility by being disruptive.
Students frequently are people who work in the military, public agencies, and federal government.
Students frequently ask about reduced rates for housing without a meal option.
Students frequently ask for dissection manuals for various animals.
Students frequently ask for sample problems.
Students frequently ask what they can with a degree in criminology or criminal justice.
Students frequently ask where it is safe to live.
Students frequently ask why books cost what they do.
Students frequently assist in directing rehearsals and performances.
Students frequently assist professors with their research.
Students frequently attend masterclasses by eminent visiting artists.
Students frequently become concerned about a friend or roommate's alcohol or other drug use.
Students frequently become involved in faculty research.
Students frequently can learn the facts of science.
Students frequently carry out course projects and thesis research in faculty laboratories.
Students frequently choose to continue their research experience for additional semesters.
Students frequently cite the homestay as an educational highlight of the semester.
Students frequently combine biology education with another field of science or an unrelated major.
Students frequently combine fundraising with a concentration in campaign management or lobbying.
Students frequently combine the dissertation prospectus and one of the three statements of field.
Students frequently come into the health center with unaddressed behavioral issues.
Students frequently come to the chapel for reflection and relaxation.
Students frequently complain about the limited number of scanners available.
Students frequently conduct a portion of their dissertation outside of their advisor's laboratory.
Students frequently continue to volunteer long after the program ends.
Students frequently disagree on the shape of the curve.
Students frequently discuss current events.
Students frequently do warm-up drills that enhance their mental math skills.
Students frequently don latex masks.
Students frequently elect to pursue careers in government service, law, and teaching.
Students frequently encounter connection problems.
Students frequently encounter examples of negative patterning.
Students frequently evaluate their own work before the teacher does, using the same criteria.
Students frequently experience significant amounts of stress during their professional education.
Students frequently find that interpretations can be more important than the original text.
Students frequently form their own study groups for a particular class.
Students frequently gain valuable experience by becoming involved in electronics support activities.
Students frequently get the opportunity to present their work abroad at international meetings.
Students frequently get the wrong information, like misspellings.
Students frequently have problems with floppy disks.
Students frequently help one another on problems and projects.
Students frequently inquire about specialty medical care and referrals.
Students frequently interact voluntarily as well as when required with instructor and students.
Students frequently know more about the hardware and software than their teachers.
Students frequently meet in groups to discuss the progress of their work.
Students frequently obtain internships during the summer between their first and second years.
Students frequently obtain meaningful jobs before they complete their internships.
Students frequently present their work at conferences and in scholarly publications.
Students frequently present their work at undergraduate research conferences.
Students frequently procrastinate.
Students frequently raise questions about the relevance of what they are taking.
Students frequently reach out to others by undertaking a variety of community service projects.
Students frequently refer back to that battle now.
Students frequently refuse to follow the rules of the program.
Students frequently say that living with their homestay family is the highlight of their trip.
Students frequently select internships based on a desire for employment.
Students frequently send practice-related questions along with their course work.
Students frequently share rental apartments with a roommate or two.
Students frequently share with faculty in the publication or presentation of research results.
Students frequently sit with their own racial groups in classrooms and the cafeteria.
Students frequently take additional course work in immunology and developmental biology.
Students frequently take field trips to augment classroom studies.
Students frequently take field trips to surrounding wildlife areas and focus on laboratory study.
Students frequently travel independently to other parts of England as well as to Europe.
Students frequently travel to South-East Asia after the program.
Students frequently travel widely on weekends and vacations.
Students frequently use a major in economics as preparation for law school.
Students frequently use a mathematics software package on their homework.
Students frequently use acronyms freely without fully understanding what each letter represents.
Students frequently use guess, check, and revise as a problem solving strategy.
Students frequently win awards in language, forensics and science competitions.
Students frequently work in cooperative groups.
Students frequently work with each other in small groups under the supervision of their professors.
Students frequently write creative and expository compositions.
Student often break the bulbs.
Students often add more information on their profiles than they have given in their autobiographies.
Students often appear in a limited capacity before the judge.
Students often apply for a rural preceptorship at the time of the presentation.
Students often apply in late fall or early spring.
Students often apply knowledge in hands-on, creative ways.
Students often apply to at least ten other schools.
Students often apply to the program with a baccalaureate degree.
Students often appreciate a chance to articulate their concerns.
Students often approach statistics expecting formulas and algorithms.
Students often approach their first tax course with some reticence.
Students often are able to do their clinical practica in settings close to their place of residence.
Students often are competitive and individualistic.
Students often are reluctant to use optical aids because the aids draw attention.
Students often are surprised at the insights their peers discover.
Students often are the best teachers of other students.
Students often arrange academic credit for their experience through their college or university.
Students often arrive at college unprepared for the challenges of higher education.
Students often arrive early for school, and wait on church property for school to open.
Students often arrive late to class after stopping off at the bookstore to buy candy.
Students often ask about the distinction between a clinical psychologist and a psychiatrist.
Students often ask for a study guide for a course.
Students often ask for help with their concerns about friends.
Students often ask for specific information or articles on the Web.
Students often ask how good their chances are for an offer after receiving a callback interview.
Students often ask if they can arrange an internship with their present employer.
Students often ask if they can earn extra credit.
Students often ask simple, basic questions.
Students often ask teachers about summer schools in Germany.
Students often ask their parents for aid.
Students often ask to see a previous exam.
Students often ask tutors to proofread and correct papers just before they are turned in.
Students often ask what undergraduate major is the best preparation for law school.
Students often ask 'what's the point' of what they are learning.
Students often ask why it is so difficult to adopt a harmonious lifestyle.
Students often assist faculty in research and professional activities.
Students often assist professors in research projects.
Students often assist the curator in the design and content of exhibits.
Students often assist their teachers in creating multimedia classroom experiences.
Students often assume that hearings are like criminal court.
Students often attend a trimester, or a month-long session in summer.
Students often attend class five hours per day, five days a week, for six weeks.
Students often attend college fairs.
Students often attribute failure of communication to others.
Students often average at least a paragraph per poem, around a page per short story.
Students often avoid engaging in the conflict.
Students often avoid writing term papers until the last minute.
Students often become comfortable with the model of one-way listening to a lecture.
Students often become confused with the terms minus, negative, and opposite.
Students often become more self-confident after working with a tutor.
Students often become passive note takers.
Students often become peer mentors and mentors for their teachers as well.
Students often become proficient users of many different types of software.
Students often become uncomfortable in the classroom, but that's the point.
Students often become unmotivated and less interested in receiving help.
Students often become very attached to a volunteer.
Students often begin their publishing careers before completing their degrees.
Students often begin thinking about study abroad their first semester.
Students often begin to question their choice of major or career.
Students often begin to see the group as a team.
Students often begin with misconceptions about atoms .
Students often begin with misconceptions about molecules .
Students often believe that English is irregular and full of exceptions.
Students often believe that fast fingers are the source of successful playing.
Students often believe that learning has to be dull.
Students often believe that they are only responsible for what is discussed in class.
Students often benefit from their professors' advice.
Students often blame their problems with procrastination on laziness or a lack of self discipline.
Students often break into small groups for discussion and idea exchange.
Students often bring an additional lamp and a small area floor rug.
Students often bring misconceptions to the classroom that can interfere with learning.
Students often bring recordings to share with the group.
Students often bring their own telephones.
Students often bring up stories of their own teaching experiences or field observations.
Students often build trusting relationships with children and their parents.
Students often burst with enthusiasm to jump the process and suggest a destination.
Students often call in while studying or completing homework.
Students often call stores to check prices of other things needed.
Students often can do so, free of charge, through computers at their school.
Students often can improve their health by changing what they do each day.
Students often can learn a great deal about their own writing, when the text is so easily mobile.
Students often capitalize words with no apparent reason.
Students often carpool to practicum sites.
Students often carpool to their practicum experiences.
Students often change research areas and advisors as their interests develop.
Students often change their majors while in school.
Students often change their minds about majors and careers.
Students often change their schedules each quarter or semester.
Students often cheer at the end when they proudly complete their mission.
Students often choose a major with fully comprehending all the implications.
Students often choose both topics and formats for writing assignments .
Students often choose email names that are nothing like their own.
Students often choose one or more courses from another specialization for their electives.
Students often choose subjects because they seek knowledge or simply just for enjoyment.
Students often choose to drink without knowing the facts about alcoholic beverages.
Students often choose to redistribute weight according to physical strength.
Students often choose to share an apartment with other students in order to reduce expenses.
Students often choose to take more honors courses than are required.
Students often choose topics based on career interests.
Students often cloud their minds by lingering over difficult questions.
Students often collaborate on the challenging questions.
Students often combine a major in physics with a major or minor in another field.
Students often combine parts of existing programs to create specialized interdisciplinary majors.
Students often come in costumes and are served their food by staff and faculty.
Students often come in to talk about time management.
Students often come in to talk with center personnel about problems they are having.
Students often come into the office to search through the binders for volunteer placements.
Students often come to understand their native language and culture better through such comparisons.
Students often come up with more creative ideas to accomplish the same purpose.
Students often come with little previous knowledge of computing or word processing.
Students often comment on how much they like the tea.
Students often comment that the checklists are one of the best evaluation methods they have seen.
Students often comment that they forget there is a person operating the puppet.
Students often comment with delight on how cheap local food, craft items, and clothing are.
Students often comment, with relief, that they are debt-free upon graduation.
Students often compare their class sections when they are together socially or in other classes.
Students often compete at the school level for a spot on the team.
Students often compete in more than one category per tournament.
Students often complain about boring classes.
Students often complain about the impersonal aspects of large lectures.
Students often complain about the number of group or team assignments they receive each quarter.
Students often complain about the size or design of their lockers.
Students often complain of calling numerous times to a landlord without receiving a reply.
Students often complain that differing advice is given and they are left in confusion.
Students often complain that faculty are inaccessible.
Students often complain that there's too much emphasis on proofs and too little on problem solving.
Students often complain their ideas come to fast for their printing or writing.
Students often complete a practicum during a semester, and receive school credit for doing so.
Students often complete a second major using their electives to fill requirements of that major.
Students often complete one or more academic minors, or double major, as part of their curriculum.
Students often conduct independent research projects in faculty-student teams.
Students often confuse delusions with hallucinations.
Students often confuse external memory size and RAM size .
Students often confuse heuristics and biases.
Students often confuse metaphor for the underlying truth that it is supposed to represent.
Students often confuse pending aid with fully valid awarded aid.
Students often confuse pollination mechanisms with seed dispersal mechanisms.
Students often confuse the prepositions to and in .
Students often confuse the term polypeptide with the term protein.
Students often confuse the topic and the main idea.
Students often congregate in the Bowl to study, socialize, and play intramural sports.
Students often consider only rent when working out the cost of a place to live.
Students often consult their textbooks from previous classes in current classes.
Students often contact organizations directly to inquire if volunteer opportunities are available.
Students often continue their work parttime after the official mentorship placement ends.
Students often continue to volunteer after their required number of service hours are complete.
Students often continue to work full-time during the day while completing their degree.
Students often contribute music to theater and dance productions.
Students often contribute to the direction they take.
Students often create their own Impressionist artwork when they return from the museum.
Students often criticize the course for a lack of experimental hardware.
Students often deal with varying study demands by having more than one place to work.
Students often decide upon a major without fully exploring the most rewarding options.
Students often deny the idea of homesickness.
Students often depend on each other by means of study groups.
Students often design robots in which the motors fall off the first time the device hits something.
Students often develop their thesis ideas within the areas of their junior tutorials.
Students often disconnect smoke detectors because they're close to the kitchen.
Students often discover and make generalizations about other properties.
Students often discover during an interview that individuals forget or gloss over painful subjects.
Students often discover new things about themselves during the job shadow experience.
Students often discover solutions while writing about problems.
Students often discover that art fulfills a void and leads to lifelong pursuits or careers.
Students often do best if they can return to and review materials they have learned.
Students often do best using recorded books.
Students often do group work in class.
Students often do lab work in cooperative learning groups.
Students often do look for fall jobs during the summer.
Students often do read questions wrong.
Students often do research for their capstone project in France, Italy, England, or Greece.
Students often do sign up for courses without really realising what they are.
Students often do take more than two years to complete their work in the program.
Students often do things like specifying delayless loops.
Students often dream about their future life and see themselves soaring very high.
Students often drop a course for a variety of reasons.
Students often drop out of the university after a semester or more of poor academic performance.
Students often earn the grade they deserve.
Students often elect to expand on a subject of a seminar paper from a previous course.
Students often elect to share housing in order to keep costs to a minimum.
Students often elect to train in centers located near their homes or internship sites.
Students often emphasize one aspect of the English language to the detriment of the other three.
Students often end up working for the vets with whom they interned.
Students often engage in service learning projects.
Students often enjoy learning and performing sopa de caracol.
Students often enjoy observing physical examinations and learning what the physician is looking for.
Students often enjoy seeing mathematics from a non-calculus perspective.
Students often enjoy splashing around in the cool water or sun bathing on the raft.
Students often enjoy the break from the traditional type of test.
Students often enjoy the opportunity to try winter sports like hockey, skiing, and tobogganing.
Students often enjoy working together on the layout.
Students often enter college without being adequately prepared.
Students often enter courses with expectations of working alone.
Students often enter the graduate program with a master's degree from another university.
Students often enter with a master's degree from another university.
Students often exercise to music.
Students often experience significant changes in their lives during the course of their education.
Students often experience unwarranted concern about test scores.
Students often explain their preconceived ideas about juvenile offenders, race, and class.
Students often explain well but description is often poorly done.
Students often express gratitude when faculty members respond effectively to problem behaviors.
Students often express surprise at how easy it is to learn something they always thought difficult.
Students often express their desire to have more training in conversational English.
Students often face temptations such as cheating and plagiarism.
Students often face the one two three knock out punch.
Students often fail to make the appropriate choice.
Students often fail to prepare for their return home.
Students often fail to recognise that many investigations involve the testing of ideas.
Students often fail to recognize the signs of depression in themselves or in their friends.
Students often fail to see the connections between the science they study and real life.
Students often fail to study the plan termination material sufficiently.
Students often fail to support their answers.
Students often feel a void when they leave their family and come to school.
Students often feel alienated, discouraged, and overwhelmed.
Students often feel alone in their anxieties.
Students often feel an emotion because of a situation brought on by another student.
Students often feel anxious to speak in front of the whole class.
Students often feel free to talk about sex-related subjects and engage in sexual relationships.
Students often feel hesitant about seeking psychotherapy for a variety of reasons.
Students often feel lost in the minutia along the way.
Students often feel marginalized in existing institutional cultures.
Students often feel more comfortable talking over conflict with peers.
Students often feel overwhelmed by the complexity used to direct thinking.
Students often feel overwhelmed by the mass of detail.
Students often feel overwhelmed trying to decide what's important to the problem at hand.
Students often feel that anything on the computer is a game.
Students often feel that it is a higher level of education and respond accordingly.
Students often feel that they have abilities only in one area such as English.
Students often feel they can reach new intellectual heights if properly equipped.
Students often feel, for example, that they are being charged unconscionable rent.
Students often find employment after graduation at companies where they have interned.
Students often find employment in government, private industry and the non-profit sector.
Students often find exciting opportunities on their own with a little initiative.
Students often find houses within walking distance of the campus.
Students often find it a good idea to study together in groups.
Students often find it advantageous to schedule several interviews in one city at the same time.
Students often find it difficult to assess their own work.
Students often find it helpful to do some study and preparatory work before a course starts.
Students often find it helpful to look at examples of annotated bibliographies.
Students often find it helpful to schedule appointments for conferences.
Students often find it helpful to speak to practicing physical therapists.
Students often find it helpful to study together in pairs or small groups.
Students often find it valuable to have another student examine their problem solution.
Students often find it very difficult to gain that first job after graduation.
Students often find other internship sites on their own.
Students often find parts hard to read and dislike the use of Pascal.
Students often find positions through the department's alumni.
Students often find such courses particularly interesting.
Students often find that many internships are unpaid.
Students often find that such a concentration lends coherence to the program of study.
Students often find the alternative of carrying a lighter load inconvenient.
Students often find the discussion of movies and their themes a natural part of their college lives.
Students often find the greatest success with smaller, local scholarships.
Students often find the study of law to be difficult.
Students often find the study of Psychology both fascinating and fun.
Students often find the third one interesting.
Students often find their work in student government a useful background for later public service.
Students often find themselves having to do the extra walk and being late to their classes.
Students often find themselves in debt after buying books each semester.
Students often find they can work part time when attending college full time.
Students often follow the steps to create an end product such as a word processed letter.
Students often forget about the constant of integration for indefinite integrals.
Students often forget steps in an algorithm, or is unable to tell time.
Students often forget to document the Internet resources when they visit a site.
Students often forget to put the proper labels on their answers.
Students often forget to return library and other school owned books.
Students often forget to say please when speaking on the telephone.
Students often forget what they do with their free time.
Students often form friendships that last beyond the classroom and campus community.
Students often form groups on their own to share their spiritual journeys.
Students often form study groups prior to the examination date.
Students often fulfill major requirements in fields that require an internship or field study.
Students often function better in small group discussions than they do in a large group.
Students often gain a greater sense of gratitude about their families and what they have received.
Students often gain practical experiences by participating in such research.
Students often gather around the fountain between classes to chat with friends.
Students often gather in small groups for discussions on every imaginable topic.
Students often gather on weekends for extended times of worship, singing and prayer.
Students often get an opportunity to participate in faculty research during the summer months.
Students often get bored with lecture and drawn out units.
Students often get confused about having to cite sources across disciplines.
Students often get confused over which group is which, they say.
Students often get course credit for working on research projects with a professor.
Students often get guns from home without the knowledge of their parents.
Students often get in touch with alumni for general information or networking.
Students often get summer jobs, both in the Cambridge area and elsewhere.
Students often get written summary from presenters.
Students often give a phrase or a statement of opinion in response to a question.
Students often give substantial attention to bar examination subjects in making course selections.
Students often give their finished kaleidoscopes to family members and friends as gifts.
Students often go along with the group in order to be popular and accepted.
Students often go into a televised course feeling tentative about their decision.
Students often go out to their plots at times when no instructor is present.
Students often go through a lot of research before they pick a course.
Students often go through life without challenging themselves and without trying new adventures.
Students often graduate with two different job experiences already on their resume.
Students often graduate without essential skills needed to function effectively.
Students often handicap their intellectual growth by avoiding difficult courses.
Students often have a difficult a difficult time with the geometric means and right triangles.
Students often have a difficult time reading eighteenth-century nonfiction prose.
Students often have a number of questions about the discipline.
Students often have a similar difficulty in a physics class.
Students often have a tough time judging the research what kinds of opinions to state.
Students often have access to kitchen facilities.
Students often have an opportunity to interact with experts in a particular field of study.
Students often have concerns about the way they are handling the pressures of college life.
Students often have creative and imaginative impressions of the sun and solar events.
Students often have difficulty accessing images outside the classroom for review.
Students often have difficulty determining the location of objects or following directions.
Students often have difficulty explaining advantages and disadvantages.
Students often have difficulty figuring out what to say in the response part of the critique.
Students often have difficulty focusing their study efforts.
Students often have difficulty generating stories or thoughts in writing.
Students often have difficulty initially choosing a story line that involves conflict.
Students often have difficulty studying the family through a sociological lens.
Students often have difficulty understanding words that have been borrowed from English.
Students often have difficulty when they first encounter management accounting.
Students often have first degrees in chemistry, biology or environmental sciences.
Students often have intuitions about probability concepts.
Students often have light blues represented within there auras.
Students often have many informal conferences with a teacher or peers as they work on drafts.
Students often have many responsibilities other than school, such as work and family.
Students often have more than one professional educator available to provide additional support.
Students often have no concept of all things involved in living independently.
Students often have no idea how to transfer their study skills learning to their course.
Students often have older recommendation letters from freshmen and sophomore years in their folders.
Students often have problems in the following areas.
Students often have problems moving through an identification key in the proper order.
Students often have problems visualising mathematical concepts.
Students often have problems visualizing what is actually taking place during an eclipse.
Students often have questions about possible careers.
Students often have several classes in one day.
Students often have the impression that advanced math is synonymous with calculus.
Students often have the opportunity to assist professors in educational and research projects.
Students often have their first true experience with proof.
Students often have their school loans repaid.
Students often have to come to class ready to discuss the topic.
Students often have to complete their assignments with additional lab sessions on their own time.
Students often have to deal with parking problems more than anyone else.
Students often have to offer bribes just to secure a bed in a hall of residence.
Students often have to offer bribes to secure a bed in a hall of residence.
Students often have to read a large number of books and take notes.
Students often have to rush off from class to their jobs or families.
Students often have to sit up to five at a desk, which makes learning difficult.
Students often have trouble deciding when to stop refining a design.
Students often have trouble proving the correctness of algorithms.
Students often have trouble translating changes correctly.
Students often have trouble with the direction of the arrow.
Students often have very little knowledge in the arts at the elementary level.
Students often help at food pantries, or sponsor bottle drives.
Students often help one another through polite reminders during discussion times.
Students often help support themselves with summer employment.
Students often hold prior misconceptions concerning the details in content or workings of a process.
Students often ignite the flames of discontent that penetrate the society.
Students often imitate the organizing habits of important adults in their lives.
Students often improve on their second try.
Students often improve their grades upon a re-examination.
Students often improve their learning when teaching one another about the material.
Students often incorporate Internet materials in research papers and in classroom presentations.
Students often initiate informal games of soccer and ultimate frisbee.
Students often initiate their own projects to match individual interests and skills.
Students often inquire about the length of the paper.
Students often intern with local professional media organizations.
Students often interrupt their studies for a year or more to earn income to pay for college.
Students often intervene in situations involving child abuse and neglect.
Students often invite local families and campus friends for weekend suppers.
Students often jog, hike and bicycle on campus.
Students often juggle between classes, study, work and family.
Students often know the right thing to do.
Students often lack basic U.S. cultural information about safety.
Students often lack confidence about using verbs in Italian because each verb has so many forms.
Students often lack skills such as self-monitoring, time management, and effective listening.
Students often learn a great deal about career opportunities while they are in school.
Students often learn a great deal from one another before class, in the hallways, and the cafeteria.
Students often learn as much from each other as they do from the teacher.
Students often learn best from other students and from helping other students.
Students often learn from each other and teachers often learn from students.
Students often learn from each other since they have strengths in different areas.
Students often learn more from poorly designed sites than they do from examples of excellence.
Students often learn more when they work together.
Students often learn that no solutions to some situations are totally satisfactory.
Students often learn theories in college without direct application in a real setting.
Students often learn together at the same workstation.
Students often leave because they perceive that they are doing poorly.
Students often leave home in the morning without seeing mom or dad.
Students often leave out key experiences which are job-related because they think they are trivial.
Students often leave school before completing all requirements, often to accept a job.
Students often let quotations from philosophical texts speak for themselves.
Students often like having races.
Students often like to meet with professors, so plan on scheduling ample office hours.
Students often like to print the list for future reference.
Students often list some of the following hypotheses.
Students often look back on the field classes as the best part of their whole undergraduate career.
Students often look no further than the first ten items in their search results list.
Students often look to adults in the school community for guidance, support, and direction.
Students often look to their parents for career advice and direction.
Students often look to their teachers as mentors.
Students often lose sight of the forest for the trees.
Students often make an art folder at the beginning of the year.
Students often make career decisions based on what they learned during internships.
Students often make decisions that in turn force other decisions.
Students often make mistakes when answering questions with the verb like .
Students often make several such presentations, at least once a year.
Students often make the mistake of stating only similarities when they are asked to compare.
Students often manage to travel long distances on very limited budgets .
Students often meet in the graduate student lounge for discussions or for meetings.
Students often meet with the professor in small groups or one on one for help with their classwork.
Students often meet with their counselors on a weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly basis.
Students often mentor with faculty to co-present at state and national conferences.
Students often misinform their friends about homework or forget to write down assignments.
Students often misjudge how much they know about a topic.
Students often miss the point of the example.
Students often miss vital information on what and why guitarists are playing what they are playing.
Students often notice that the dodecahedron looks like a soccer ball.
Students often obtain free use of books from local libraries or other private sources.
Students often obtain letters of recommendation from faculty whose research they have assisted.
Students often obtain summer support on funded research projects within or outside the department.
Students often opt to go to a pub before joining the end of a queue at a club.
Students often overestimate how much they can accomplish.
Students often overlook a school's career services office until they are already in school.
Students often overlook intersession courses as a means to satisfy some curriculum requirements.
Students often overlook the importance of essays.
Students often pack PCs along with their toothbrushes.
Students often participate in faculty summer research projects as well.
Students often participate in live projects which increase student confidence.
Students often participate in off-campus field renovation and new construction projects.
Students often participate in sport, music, drama and other events which take place in College.
Students often pass through similar stages of thinking as persons did in the past.
Students often pay their own expenses.
Students often pick a topic related to a career or college field in which they are interested.
Students often pick up a deeper appreciation of their own country.
Students often place coins at Sully's feet for good luck on exams.
Students often plan a day or two extra in Colorado for that purpose.
Students often plan and organize talent shows and movie shows on campus.
Students often plan another visit to the U.S. to coincide with the residency schedule.
Students often plan their work by drawing, sometimes tacking up comparative sketches.
Students often play the roles of key actors in the case study to examine policy options.
Students often play their performance repertoire for each other as well.
Students often plunk themselves down on the couch to chat in between classes.
Students often post large amounts of text, making it hard for instructors to keep up.
Students often post roommate requests on the bulletin board in the student union building.
Students often post their pictures, profiles and even resumes as a sort of virtual introduction.
Students often prefer to buy groceries and cook for themselves.
Students often prepare case studies based upon their internships projects.
Students often present the results of their research at regional scientific conferences.
Students often present their research findings at regional or national conferences.
Students often produce especially good work when they work in teams.
Students often produce videos and audiotapes to demonstrate knowledge.
Students often progress sequentially through all three components.
Students often provide new viewpoints to stimulate creative thinking in problem-solving situations.
Students often provide too much information, for example graphs of participant's individual scores.
Students often publish their researchresults as co-authors with faculty.
Students often pull up a chair and study in that quiet and dignified setting.
Students often purchase and learn to play piccolo as well in late middle or high school.
Students often push buttons without understanding the math behind what they are doing.
Students often push research in new and different directions.
Students often put their classroom knowledge to immediate use in their current work situations.
Students often question the purpose of the missionary project.
Students often raise gender issues.
Students often rank their class loads as their top stressors.
Students often rave about the views from their rooms and the neighborhood feel of Brooklyn Heights.
Students often read the annotations even before reading the author's text.
Students often read the question and see some truth and assume that the entire statement is true.
Students often read what they think they wrote instead of what is actually on the page.
Students often realize that keeping a pet is more responsibility than they can handle.
Students often realize too late that Canada is a relatively expensive country in which to live.
Students often receive a supplemental stipend for their role as teaching and research assistants.
Students often receive help from local professionals.
Students often receive job offers prior to graduation.
Students often receive notes for more than one class at a time.
Students often receive offers of a graduate job as a result of their vacation placement.
Students often receive offers of employment after completing an internship or co-op experience.
Students often receive services in more than one setting.
Students often recognize pitches by learning intervals with familiar melodies.
Students often reduce housing costs by sharing off-campus housing.
Students often refer to classwork being a doddle, meaning that it was very easy.
Students often reject textbook and lecture material for what they consider to be common sense.
Students often relax here and study before and after class.
Students often relocate throughout Canada and internationally for their Co-op jobs.
Students often remain abroad on their own for several weeks after the program is officially over.
Students often rent housing.
Students often repeat a level to gain the required skills for advancement.
Students often report benefits from preparatory study for admissions tests.
Students often report having trouble finding out anything about authors.
Students often report inability to log onto the server during high use times.
Students often require the citations after the class has concluded.
Students often resist a required leave mightily.
Students often resist group work because they fear a loss of control over their grade.
Students often retain information better when presented in a guise of familiar tools and strategies.
Students often return from studying abroad and present their research to fellow students.
Students often return to visit, long after they leave.
Students often return with a sense of being back in touch with themselves and nature.
Students often room with strangers.
Students often run into situations that affect their academic performance or sense of well-being.
Students often run out of time in math exams.
Students often save or print tests despite all security precautions.
Students often say that they want to see more landlord accountability in off-Grounds housing.
Students often say that they want to work harder for teachers they have gotten acquainted with.
Students often say they form their strongest friendships in the residence halls.
Students often say, 'Now it makes sense'.
Students often see hawks and other birds riding the air currents above the valley outside.
Students often see immediate improvement in their comprehension and memory of reading material.
Students often see TAs as peers as well as mentors.
Students often see the task as a challenge, and that increases their motivation.
Students often see white pelicans, cormorants and giant Canada geese.
Students often see writing as a chore.
Students often seek out teachers, counselors, and staff to discuss academic and personal matters.
Students often seek the advice of faculty in their own concentration.
Students often select the program to explore their own career possibilities.
Students often sell their furniture cheaply to new students.
Students often serve as aids in the schools.
Students often share housing to significantly reduce their costs.
Students often share living quarters and thereby reduce rental cost.
Students often share rentals to lower costs.
Students often show their project reports and discuss their experiences during job interviews.
Students often sign a written consent form when information needs to be shared.
Students often sit in large lectures taking notes without really thinking about the content.
Students often ski at nearby ski resorts.
Students often socialize and attend cultural events at the other colleges.
Students often spend afternoons in the park studying, rollerblading, or relaxing in the sun.
Students often spend five or more years obtaining their doctorates.
Students often spend most of a semester trying to decipher a faculty member's unstated assumptions.
Students often spend the weekends at the nearby lake.
Students often start new organizations to meet their intellectual, cultural and social needs.
Students often state that they feel there is no contact with the instructor.
Students often stay with roommates or friends over holidays as well.
Students often stress out because they set goals that are beyond their personal ability to achieve.
Students often struggle with syrnbolism.
Students often struggle with the choice between physics, applied physics, and engineering.
Students often struggle with understanding large numbers.
Students often study in the courtyard.
Students often study long hours at the library or with friends in another dorm.
Students often study together and help one another master the material.
Students often study topics in aquatic entomology, ecology, biological control, and systematics.
Students often study, do research, and use the computer in our school's library.
Students often submit assignments via email.
Students often succeed or fail because of the influence from their respective communities.
Students often suffer from dysfunctional relationships that can lead to sexual assault.
Students often supplement our offerings with courses from other departments.
Students often supplement their degree with a coaching endorsement .
Students often take a personal interest in the community members they serve.
Students often take a short hike up the mountain on campus to get a beautiful view of Missoula.
Students often take a special interest in protecting the stream where their fish live.
Students often take a vacation from their studies to visit other parts of Canada.
Students often take a year out to gain experience during their course.
Students often take advanced placement classes for college practice rather than for college credit.
Students often take advantage of the foreign films that are shown on campus.
Students often take advantage of the winter climate to ski, sled, and ice skate.
Students often take advantage of university-wide programs in interdisciplinary studies.
Students often take an internship in their final term before graduation.
Students often take at least some of their electives outside of the area of their major.
Students often take business courses such as finance, accounting, and management as electives.
Students often take courses from a variety of departments to develop a distinct individual vision.
Students often take courses in other departments as well.
Students often take courses to fulfill their high school graduation requirements.
Students often take day trips to nearby beaches and mountains.
Students often take four courses, four nights each week.
Students often take initiative and create independent student theatre groups.
Students often take it as sophomores and again as juniors.
Students often take one course while working as an intern.
Students often take one psych course and find that they really enjoy it.
Students often take out loans to pay their way through university.
Students often take the exam as sophmores and again as juniors.
Students often take the initiative and create club sports.
Students often take the professor s word very literally.
Students often talk excessively and interrupt or intrude on others.
Students often telephone each other and discuss assignments.
Students often tend to equate errors with failure.
Students often think counseling a client requires only knowledge of the law and common sense.
Students often think myths or folktales from unfamiliar cultures are bizarre, or pagan.
Students often think of history as facts and more facts.
Students often think that poems are hatched like fresh eggs - perfect and ready to consume.
Students often think that respiration is limited to the animals.
Students often think that the distance from the earth to the sun determines the seasons.
Students often think they inherit separate genes.
Students often think they're supposed to do it all and know it all, from thesis-writing to intimacy.
Students often treasure their time among people who share their love of the written word.
Students often try to avoid the problem by paraphrasing or summarizing the original text.
Students often try to draw realistically from memory, and then become frustrated with the results.
Students often turn in assignments on disk or email.
Students often turn in project by way of email attachments.
Students often turn to supportive, trusted professors when problems arise.
Students often underestimate their outstanding college debt.
Students often undertake a minor in a field which complements their major.
Students often undertake summer internships at American and Japanese construction companies.
Students often use a manual wheelchair and have full movement of arms and hands.
Students often use a site in their home countries as a base for their theses.
Students often use an apostrophe incorrectly when the word is a simple plural.
Students often use apostrophes with plural words.
Students often use email or voicemail as a way to report back to their coach about their progress.
Students often use employers as primary sources for research and special projects.
Students often use microcomputers to complete their classroom assignments.
Students often use passwords that are easily broken.
Students often use pictures of states and countries in the design.
Students often use pronouns which make responses vague and difficult for scorers to interpret.
Students often use the intellectual study of religion to sort out their own beliefs.
Students often use the internet to communicate in chat groups and by e-mail.
Students often use the library in writing research papers on multicultural topics.
Students often use the serene setting for relaxation or inspiration.
Students often use their campus job earnings to pay for books and personal needs.
Students often use their laptops to create power point presentations and reports.
Students often use their meal plan dollars by stocking up on drinks and snacks.
Students often use their networking skills to locate own-plans job opportunities.
Students often use their stronger abilities or intelligences to develop weaker areas.
Students often view each other as competitors for good grades.
Students often view problems as separate or distinct situations that share little common features.
Students often visit the wider community on field trips and for service projects.
Students often volunteer as technical staff for concert events.
Students often wait until class ends or after graduation to contact the office.
Students often wait until their senior year to start planning for their future.
Students often waste gobs of time seeking the perfect topic when there is no perfect topic.
Students often waste precious study time searching for and viewing online pornography.
Students often win awards for their work.
Students often wish to continue their own performing while enrolled in classes.
Students often wonder how race weighs into the admissions process.
Students often wonder how to help a church grow.
Students often wonder if high-paying jobs are available in mathematics and computer science.
Students often wonder just how extensive alcohol and other drug use is on college campuses.
Students often wonder what options are available with their major.
Students often wonder what sort of research mathematicians do, and why they do it.
Students often wonder what the difference is between a business major and an economics major.
Students often wonder which calculation method is better.
Students often wonder why telecommunication via modems is called asynchronous communication.
Students often work along side community members with strong theatrical skills.
Students often work as teaching assistants in the lab.
Students often work best in small groups.
Students often work closely with faculty in scholarly pursuits or in the community.
Students often work collaboratively to develop their responses.
Students often work full time during the summer and part time during the academic year.
Students often work full-time during the day and attend classes in the evening.
Students often work in agencies closer to home or even in other countries such as North Ireland.
Students often work in different groups depending on the needs of the production.
Students often work in groups and with faculty members on projects.
Students often work in groups during class time and sometimes work together on outside projects.
Students often work in groups of four or five.
Students often work in groups of three or more to help one another learn concepts.
Students often work in groups of two or more to help one another learn concepts in laboratory.
Students often work in groups of two or more to help one another learn concepts.
Students often work in groups on exercises and conversational topics.
Students often work in groups.
Students often work in math problem solving teams, which helps develop communication skills.
Students often work in pairs and groups, to emphasize the truly communicative nature of language.
Students often work in pairs or small groups.
Students often work in situations to produce writing that has a real impact on the community.
Students often work in small groups to review the skills with one another.
Students often work in small groups.
Students often work in small production crews.
Students often work in study groups or on independent projects.
Students often work in teams on the later two projects.
Students often work individually on theoretical problems.
Students often work on group projects and make presentations.
Students often work on issues outside the two-party political arena and at multiple levels.
Students often work on off-campus construction and renovation projects.
Students often work on one of the faculty's research projects for their thesis.
Students often work out much more extended reading programs with their tutors.
Students often work together on class and lab assignments.
Students often work together on problem-solving.
Students often work together to develop and deepen their understanding of the mathematical concepts.
Students often work together to share ideas and decision making and to achieve group goals.
Students often work together to solve problems, complete projects or conduct research.
Students often work together, and look at the vitae of colleagues for ideas.
Students often work with a member of the faculty in developing a search strategy.
Students often work with a partner to explore and solve challenging problems.
Students often work with faculty members on research projects.
Students often work with faculty on research projects.
Students often worry over taking courses in physics and physical science.
Students often write following assigned readings, producing analytical or response papers.
Students often write to record information or explain their thinking.
Student sometimes facilitates learning of others.
Student sometimes quotes from classmates' drafts when giving response.
Student sometimes quotes from classmates' drafts when giving responses.
Students sometimes ask how it is possible to write a thesis in mathematics.
Students sometimes ask if there is work they can do for extra credit.
Students sometimes attend or are involved in leading the conferences.
Students sometimes attend the same school for elementary, junior high, and senior high school.
Students sometimes attribute to tutors and lecturers almost superhuman powers of comprehension.
Students sometimes become ill just before a scheduled exam.
Students sometimes can be out of touch with the community outside of campus.
Students sometimes can find jobs related to their program of study.
Students sometimes can see an aspect of the subject at hand that has eluded the teacher.
Students sometimes change their concentration after a year or so of graduate work.
Students sometimes choose to defer entrance in order to travel or work.
Students sometimes choose to make an evaluation of a policy already adopted by a public institution.
Students sometimes come back to campus with bruised egos after their first visit home.
Students sometimes cover more material working in teams.
Students sometimes do self-evaluations.
Students sometimes experience a strong emotional reaction to a particular exercise.
Students sometimes experience difficulty in their first independent learning experience.
Students sometimes experience frustration or even anger while training.
Students sometimes experiment with the programming language that they have chosen for their project.
Students sometimes face coercion by faculty.
Students sometimes fail to get ahead because of lack of practice time than anything else imo.
Students sometimes fail to remember the context of the memorized formula.
Students sometimes fall into the trap of paraphrasing extended passages.
Students sometimes feel anxious about entering middle school.
Students sometimes feel that cost is a barrier to attending the institution of their choice.
Students sometimes find a note in their book bag right before dismissal.
Students sometimes find it difficult to locate.
Students sometimes find it easier to do homework while someone with greater knowledge is available.
Students sometimes find it helpful to use a parser to test their ability to form correct sentences.
Students sometimes find it useful to study in pairs or groups.
Students sometimes find that the week off was just what they needed to regain their motivation.
Students sometimes find their conduct reviewed by two or more authorities.
Students sometimes find their own placement, as well.
Students sometimes find themselves distressed during the course of the semester.
Students sometimes focus on the process of testing hypotheses, forgetting the underlying meaning.
Students sometimes get frustrated because they are comfortable being told exactly what to do.
Students sometimes get no more than an hour or two a day of instruction.
Students sometimes go across the border without any notification to the school or district.
Students sometimes go In the Kitchen to bake German dishes.
Students sometimes go without.
Students sometimes have a great deal of confusion about exam policy.
Students sometimes have a hard time adapting to newness and to change and to stress.
Students sometimes have an opportunity to try out a course before making a commitment.
Students sometimes have difficulty adjusting to social and academic changes in a new environment.
Students sometimes have difficulty remembering assignments clearly.
Students sometimes have evening classes as well as early morning classes.
Students sometimes have problems that make their academic and personal lives at colleges difficult.
Students sometimes have trouble properly documenting web citations.
Students sometimes have trouble writing good lab reports.
Students sometimes hire workers from their personal funds.
Students sometimes lead panel discussions and give oral reports.
Students sometimes learn to equate length with quality.
Students sometimes lose sight of the source in the notes they take while doing research.
Students sometimes make tentative commitments to a major.
Students sometimes manifest special problems which require additional attention.
Students sometimes miss the connection between traditional grammar study and actual writing.
Students sometimes plagiarize from articles they find on full-text databases.
Students sometimes resist plainness because they're too eager to spill all their ideas right away.
Students sometimes respond in unison and sometimes individually to teacher prompts.
Students sometimes retake the tests to raise their scores.
Students sometimes return to the internship site for multiple summers.
Students sometimes show their appreciation for faculty in creative ways.
Students sometimes supplement their grants with external income.
Students sometimes switch institutions or programs during college.
Students sometimes switch institutions or programs of study during their college career.
Students sometimes Telephone the library asking for help on lengthy assignments.
Students sometimes test better on one exam than the other.
Students sometimes think it's a lot of detail and checking things over.
Students sometimes transfer into the course as well.
Students sometimes travel and do a lot of field work.
Students sometimes travel on the weekend to visit relatives and friends or to sightsee.
Students sometimes turn their assignments in at midnight, but they are never late.
Students sometimes use group counseling as an adjunct or primary form of treatment.
Students sometimes use the terms heat and temperature to describe the same thing.
Students sometimes wonder if there is and what it is like.
Students sometimes wonder whether their teachers read the papers they write.
Students sometimes work backwards from the responses when they have no other way to proceed.
Students sometimes worry about making comments while they are taking a class.
Students sometimes write and stage improvisation workshops.
Student usually participates in class with enthusiasm and interest.
Student usually participates voluntarily.
Student usually views retakes and memory work as punishment rather than reinforcement.
Students usually accept unsubsidized loans because the amounts are higher.
Students usually adapt rapidly to their new work environment and become valued members of the team.
Students usually add their own personal touch to the walls of their townhouse bedroom.
Students usually add their own personal touch.
Students usually advance to individual instruction after a certain time in group lessons.
Students usually apply during the fall of their freshman year, so there's no rush.
Students usually apply for admission into Universities with clear aims for their future.
Students usually apply for membership in their junior or senior year.
Students usually apply for the program in the spring of their sophomore year.
Students usually apply in the second semester of their final undergraduate year.
Students usually apply to a graduate department that corresponds to their undergraduate degree.
Students usually apply to the program in their junior year.
Students usually are able to provide only the most basic of information.
Students usually arrange for their own internships.
Students usually arrange job shadowing appointments independently.
Students usually assume that they are being judged on the content of their comments.
Students usually attend classes five or six days a week.
Students usually attend classroom and laboratory sessions for six to eight hours each day.
Students usually attend conference review periods only if they have questions or problems.
Students usually attend in pairs.
Students usually attend the groups once a week, coming from their study halls.
Students usually attend two classes on the same afternoon and evening of the week.
Students usually attend while employed.
Students usually become quite territorial about their group.
Students usually begin by interviewing defendants to determine indigency for the court.
Students usually begin classes within one week of testing, if fees have been paid.
Students usually begin graduate studies at the beginning of the summer term.
Students usually begin here when looking for information.
Students usually begin some research upon entry into the program.
Students usually begin the process of residency application in the summer of the fourth year.
Students usually begin their business concentration in the junior year.
Students usually begin their work at OUMK with some college work already completed.
Students usually belong to club such as basketball, soccer, music, and so on.
Students usually benefit by waiting until their junior year to engage in the program.
Students usually benefit in a variety of ways.
Students usually bring flowers to school for their teacher on special occasions.
Students usually can meet with eight to twenty employers during the morning session.
Students usually carry three courses each term.
Students usually catch on pretty fast.
Students usually choose a department in which to major at the end of the freshman year.
Students usually choose an exam in which they already have basic knowledge.
Students usually choose from private board, flatting or hostels.
Students usually choose settings that reflect their own career interests.
Students usually commence planning their dissertation research in their third year.
Students usually complete all course requirements within three calendar years.
Students usually complete at least two work terms with an employer.
Students usually complete counseling in one to fifteen sessions.
Students usually complete four courses in less than one year, and commonly within two semesters.
Students usually complete general education requirements before applying to the major.
Students usually complete the degree in four years.
Students usually complete the degree within two academic years.
Students usually complete the four courses in less than one year, and commonly within two semesters.
Students usually complete the master's of science program in two years.
Students usually complete the Ph.D. within four or five years.
Students usually complete the program in two and a half to five years.
Students usually complete the project in relation to their professional needs.
Students usually complete the RETP in two or three years.
Students usually complete the training in about a week.
Students usually complete their distribution courses by the end of junior year.
Students usually complete their studies in about three years.
Students usually conceive power as a thing to be possessed as part of one's identity.
Students usually conduct their interviews in a private location in order to protect their privacy.
Students usually continue their studies for several years.
Students usually correct their mistakes with more exposure and use.
Students usually declare a major no later than their sophomore year.
Students usually declare a second major after freshman enrollment.
Students usually declare their option at the time of admission.
Students usually deliver the last report at the beginning of the next term.
Students usually describe revision as choosing better words and eliminating repetition.
Students usually determine their specific music major at the end of the freshman year.
Students usually develop their dissertation topics from a funded research project.
Students usually discover that career services are best used early during one's college years.
Students usually discuss any questions that they have about the comments at the end of the session.
Students usually do better when they take the exam with the class.
Students usually do individual projects in order to move towards graduation.
Students usually do much better work in a major in which they have a real interest and aptitude.
Students usually do one or the other part-time.
Students usually do their final project at company offices.
Students usually do their homework in residence at an assigned time.
Students usually do their writing independently, rather than working with other students.
Students usually earn six semester credits.
Students usually eat their midday meal at one of the caf s or student restaurants.
Students usually enjoy sharing their poems with the class.
Students usually enrol in a three year BA degree with a philosophy major.
Students usually enroll for a maximum of four credits in any one semester.
Students usually enroll for about twelve credit hours per quarter.
Students usually enroll for two afternoons a week, but can sign up for additional lessons.
Students usually enroll in a colloquium in the junior or senior year.
Students usually enroll in practicum courses offered by their respective majors.
Students usually enroll in two or three honors courses each year, in addition to regular classes.
Students usually enter either program after two years of pre-professional study.
Students usually enter medical, dental, and veterinary schools with an undergraduate degree.
Students usually enter the program thereafter.
Students usually expect a textbook.
Students usually expect to enter the workforce directly after two years.
Students usually feel safe in the school building.
Students usually feel the effects of the heat with their perspiration and dry mouth.
Students usually find it best to sit up straight in a chair and work at a desk.
Students usually find it more convenient to use the paper copy and answer the questions at home.
Students usually find participating in the studies to be interesting.
Students usually find that the support of their classmates is a great help during part-time study.
Students usually find the exams to be challenging.
Students usually find their initial hesitation quickly disappears.
Students usually find their own internships or freelance contracts.
Students usually fit in one of the two general categories.
Students usually fly gliders for two seasons and then the airplane for a year.
Students usually focus on one geographical region Russia, East Europe, the Baltics, or Central Asia.
Students usually form clubs based on social, academic, athletic, arts, or religious interests.
Students usually function in apprentice-like positions with faculty .
Students usually furnish their own instruments, but music and books are provided by the school.
Students usually generate most of their home assignments on computer.
Students usually get one of their top five picks.
Students usually get their money back, but the refund process can be lengthy.
Students usually get very good grades in the course when they take good notes.
Students usually go for programs that involve free food and are fun.
Students usually go out and post fliers and promote for concerts.
Students usually have a better chance if they are nominated by their institution.
Students usually have a choice in the matter.
Students usually have a choice of elective modules to suit their interests or field of work.
Students usually have a choice of one of two lunch entrees for lunch.
Students usually have a few minutes to gear up for the day after busses arrive.
Students usually have a healthy respect for their professors.
Students usually have a month to withdraw from a class or from the university without record.
Students usually have a total of about five sessions with a counselor.
Students usually have about two dozen graded writing assignments throughout the semester.
Students usually have access to the family's kitchen and can prepare meals at modest cost.
Students usually have an opportunity to practice their thesis oral presentations.
Students usually have enough financial aid left over from fall to assist with their winter classes.
Students usually have four to six roommates.
Students usually have homework problems and reading assignments to complete in the evenings.
Students usually have little difficulty enrolling in classes.
Students usually have little difficulty landing a position.
Students usually have little difficulty starting a club.
Students usually have lunch in the university campus area.
Students usually have more time for activities outside of class, less homework.
Students usually have much to do.
Students usually have plenty of time with one week.
Students usually have problems with adaptation in the new environment.
Students usually have the opportunity to choose a research project of which to work.
Students usually have the option to use a telephone to talk with instructors during the programs.
Students usually have their first house meeting the evening of move-in day.
Students usually have their homes off the main room for their school.
Students usually have their project inexpensively bound where they have their photocopies made.
Students usually have two recesses a day.
Students usually have two, two-hour classes per day.
Students usually interview with one or two attorneys.
Students usually join our classes at the age of eight and they learn English for about eight years.
Students usually join our classes at the age of eight and theylearn English for about eight years.
Students usually know a great deal less than they think they do.
Students usually know everyone else hut at university there is greater diversity.
Students usually know from whom their grades come, and why.
Students usually know more than any test can show.
Students usually lack confidence and college survival skills.
Students usually learn about the Gold Rush in the fourth grade, when they study California history.
Students usually learn more in classes in which they receive computer based instruction.
Students usually leave the class commenting about their financial condition.
Students usually lie or sit and are comfortably dressed.
Students usually like to help teachers in the classroom.
Students usually list five choices of schools, although most get their first or second choice.
Students usually live in double or triple rooms, limited number of singles and quadruples.
Students usually live in student housing along with students from the host country.
Students usually live with host families.
Students usually look for any internship opportunity.
Students usually make a mess eating the pretzels at a hurried rate.
Students usually measure objects with nonstandard units, such as shoes or hands, or strides.
Students usually meet with their original advisors during the second year also.
Students usually obtain teaching experience in classroom or laboratory courses in their second year.
Students usually open the exam with a short presentation outlining the thesis topic.
Students usually participate during the second to last year of their program.
Students usually participate during the summer and receive three credit hours.
Students usually participate following the first year of law study.
Students usually pay attention to comments only when they are given a chance to revise.
Students usually perceive accounting to be a series of disjointed rules and procedures.
Students usually play the instrument most similar to their modern instrument.
Students usually practice every day after school in preparation for weekend competitions.
Students usually prepare their own meals in the common kitchen.
Students usually present a paper during the seminar.
Students usually present portfolios of work spanning the entire semester at the end of the course.
Students usually provide services in our clinic three to four semesters in their course of study.
Students usually purchase uniforms in the second semester of the sophomore year.
Students usually pursue graduate studies in sports psychology or sports administration.
Students usually react more favorably to bright, colorful, interesting, well-illustrated material.
Students usually reason out their solutions as part of their answers.
Students usually receive a warm welcome.
Students usually receive credit on the basis of attendance and participation.
Students usually receive room and board but pay transportation costs.
Students usually receive test results two weeks after sitting the exam.
Students usually receive their bills by the middle of the month.
Students usually receive transfer credits for the coursework completed in Denmark.
Students usually register for a maximum of three semester hours.
Students usually register for research degrees at the beginning of the session.
Students usually relate much better to a personal example.
Students usually remain in the in-school program for one semester.
Students usually require from three to five years to complete the requirements.
Students usually require the permission of the research supervisor to take such courses.
Students usually reserve that kind of response for a professor's final lecture of the year.
Students usually respond better to a faster rather than a slower pace.
Students usually retain a copy for their notebooks.
Students usually run the displays, with faculty on hand to demonstrate and explain the work.
Students usually satisfy the requirements for both degrees in five semesters.
Students usually say yes and then laugh.
Students usually schedule internships for one semester or during the summer.
Students usually score better on nonverbal sections of cognitive tests.
Students usually select a faculty adviser during the first year of the program.
Students usually share a stall with a foal's full-sized, very anxious mother.
Students usually share a taxi to lower the per person cost of the fare.
Students usually share apartments with other students or live in Brazilian homes.
Students usually share research results under faculty guidance.
Students usually share the same dormitory with teachers.
Students usually sing with the tape or if possible, a piano.
Students usually specialize in the area in which they write their dissertations.
Students usually spend five years earning the Ph.D. degree.
Students usually spend the spring semester of their junior year abroad.
Students usually spend their summers on thesis research.
Students usually spend their third year abroad.
Students usually spend time off in preparation and review.
Students usually start at the lab table where they usually sit.
Students usually start work on their research projects by the end of their first term.
Students usually start working with a faculty advisor in the fall to develop a project.
Students usually stay in a recommended youth hostel for one or two nights before meeting families.
Students usually stay in triple rooms, adults in twin rooms.
Students usually stay one semester, but it is possible to go for an entire academic year.
Students usually stay with a host family for at least one academic quarter.
Students usually stay with their homestay family for the school year.
Students usually study alone.
Students usually submit a copy of the course syllabus or a letter from the course instructor.
Students usually submit papers or projects they have completed in support of their application.
Students usually submit proposals for such conferences in consultation with their supervisors.
Students usually supply own project engines and tools.
Students usually take about an hour to complete the written test for a module .
Students usually take about three years to complete the program.
Students usually take between two and five years to complete a doctoral thesis.
Students usually take five courses a semester.
Students usually take five courses the first year, three the first semester and two the second.
Students usually take four courses and all courses are taught entirely in Spanish.
Students usually take four courses per semester.
Students usually take four years to earn the Ph.D. degree.
Students usually take home examples of their artwork daily, and they sing everyday in music.
Students usually take improvisational workshops and classes.
Students usually take it during fall quarter of their senior year.
Students usually take journal writing more seriously when they see their instructor writing too.
Students usually take longer than the minimum time required to complete the course.
Students usually take meals with their host family, except for weekday lunches.
Students usually take more interest in topics of their own choosing.
Students usually take one or more subjects in the humanities, arts, and social sciences each term.
Students usually take one or two courses.
Students usually take one or two honors courses each semester.
Students usually take only one course at a time.
Students usually take six hours per trimester and three years to complete the program.
Students usually take the comprehensive examination during the second year of studies.
Students usually take the comprehensive exams during the last semester of their coursework.
Students usually take the examination after completion of all course work.
Students usually take the examination in the last semester of their second year.
Students usually take the upper-division hearing at the end of the sophomore year.
Students usually take their lunch to school.
Students usually take their required summer internship after the second year of study.
Students usually take three courses during their first quarter.
Students usually take three to five credits per quarter for several quarters.
Students usually take two evening courses each quarter and graduate in three years.
Students usually take two to five hours instruction a day.
Students usually take two years of coursework before starting on their dissertation.
Students usually take up positions in the media and in teaching.
Students usually tape, type, or word process answers.
Students usually think so, but their parents disagree.
Students usually travel by train to European destinations of their choice.
Students usually try to skip the first question.
Students usually understand the concept of being fair.
Students usually undertake a unit of study over one semester.
Students usually undertake their final project during the term before commencement.
Students usually use a stethoscope or an otoscope on a cat or dog.
Students usually use the time to prepare for examinations or for thesis research.
Students usually visit their family doctor first.
Students usually volunteer until a successful match between a student and an employer is made.
Students usually wear comfortable informal clothing to classes.
Students usually wear T-shirts and jeans or cotton pants.
Students usually wish to purchase their own copies of the primary text through the school.
Students usually work about eight hours a week while attending classes full-time.
Students usually work half-time in psychology clinics.
Students usually work in groups with hands-on experiments in every unit.
Students usually work in groups.
Students usually work in small groups and teams leading by one assistant.
Students usually work in small groups to accomplish their projects.
Students usually work in teams and sometimes are assigned roles.
Students usually work in teams of two to three to complete the video project.
Students usually work in teams, sometimes with students from related disciplines.
Students usually work independently with no direct supervision.
Students usually work on a major project during the term.
Students usually work on campus in such places as a library or in an administrative office.
Students usually work part of the day and attend classes part of the day.
Students usually work under the close supervision of a staff member or a student supervisor.
Students usually work without pay, but relish the training they receive in their chosen field.
Students usually write for a single audience, their teacher.
Students usually write their best essays in their second effort.
All students always have the interactive computer software's undivided attention.
All students sometimes buy something from the canteen.
All student accounts receivable balances are due and payable when billed.
All student are capable of learning and becoming responsible, productive member of society.
All student are responsible for their own telephone equipment.
All student are welcome regardless of academic major.
All student are welcome to audition.
All student are welcome to participate.
All student athletes prior to participating in any organized sport.
All student athletes prior to participation in any organized sport.
All student can find the information from the govenment homepage.
All student compliment their course with the study o current events.
All student costs relevant to the field experience program are the responsibility of the student.
All student have intellectual abilities that they can enhance.
All student permits expire as indicated on the decal.
All student residences in Adelaide are close to the city centre or on a fast transport route.
All student run.
All student s deserve access to the arts through creation, performance and study.
All student trustees tenure lasts for one year.
All students access information on an on line catalog and in electronic encyclopedias.
All students achieve competency in literacy and numeration.
All students achieve conversational literacy of agriculture and national resources.
All students achieve conversational literacy of agriculture and natural resources.
All students achieve proficiency in literacy and numeracy.
All students acquire a strong background and laboratory experience in experimental pathology.
All students acquire and analyse their own samples.
All students actively participate.
All students add another language and culture.
All students agree it is an exceptional educational experience.
All students agree that all teachers and staff believe they can be successful.
All students agree to follow the Code of Academic Integrity .
All students agree to include everyone in their activities.
All students agree to live by a code of conduct both on and off campus.
All students also attend a weekly extended chapel and a daily shortened service.
All students also attend a workshop practice course which runs throughout the year.
All students also attend choir and any appropriate ensemble and band sessions.
All students also complete a year-long independent research program .
All students also complete an evaluation of their primary care experience.
All students also complete three cooperative education assignments.
All students also complete three courses in research design and statistical analysis.
All students also do an individual project in their final year.
All students also enroll in a common core of research, education and management courses.
All students also have a small mailbox in the PhD office.
All students also have an e-mail account.
All students also have to complete a major project.
All students also have to take a one hour seminar.
All students also learn about contemporary German and Austrian culture and politics.
All students also learn the basics of the Internet, including the use of e-mail and search engines.
All students also learn to operate computers.
All students also participate in seminars and journal clubs.
All students also participate in some form of weekly community service.
All students also participate in weekly clinical staff meetings.
All students also pursue a research topic which reflects their own interests.
All students also pursues studies on an instrument of choice.
All students also receive regular language tuition from highly qualified native speakers.
All students also share common playground periods.
All students also spend one day per week on a term project mentored by faculty and research staff.
All students also take a one-hour seminar each term.
All students also take courses in general or liberal arts areas.
All students also take instruction in Spanish beginning in Kindergarten.
All students also take Spanish, French, or Latin.
All students also undertake a research project.
All students also undertake project and field work.
All students also visit the media center on a weekly basis.
All students also write an argumentation essay.
All students answer the same first general question on international relations theory.
All students apply their investigative experiences by participating in a local science fair.
All students apply to enter in the fall semester.
All students apply to medical school a year before they plan on graduating.
All students applying for admission attend the testing day.
All students applying for admission to postsecondary programs are eligible to apply.
All students are a member of a college.
All students are able to be seen and heard by their instructor.
All students are able to communicate with the academic offices and the faculty by email.
All students are able to connect new learning to their prior knowledge and experience.
All students are able to enter their buildings at any time.
All students are able to learn, achieve, and succeed.
All students are able to learn.
All students are able to participate.
All students are able to select at least six electives.
All students are able to use equipment in the public labs and the fourth floor imaging area.
All students are academically talented students.
All students are accountable for being familiar with the contents of the catalog.
All students are accountable for their behaviour.
All students are accountable to the community for their actions.
All students are active in research throughout their residence in the program.
All students are active participants in the learning process.
All students are active participants, and the event is covered by local media.
All students are adult males.
All students are also welcome to drop in during regular business hours.
All students are alsoencouraged to study languages as part of the course program.
All students are always encouraged to turn in all assigned work.
All students are always welcome at all events and activities.
All students are at liberty to perform additional work for extra credit .
All students are at the same place at the same time.
All students are at times required to work for extended periods, occasionally with rotating shifts.
All students are attorneys who generally have five to eight years of experience.
All students are automatic members of the students union.
All students are automatically eligible for a library card.
All students are automatically members.
All students are automatically registered for the examinations of the first period.
All students are available for media interviews.
All students are available.
All students are Braille readers in junior high or high school.
All students are busy.
All students are capable and have something to contribute.
All students are capable of all learning styles.
All students are capable of behaving appropriately.
All students are capable of creative thinking and effective problem solving.
All students are capable of doing mathematics.
All students are capable of excelling.
All students are capable of full participation and of making meaningful contributions in science.
All students are capable of high achievement at varying rates using multiple learning styles.
All students are capable of learning, achieving, and succeeding.
All students are capable of learning.
All students are capable of success.
All students are closely supervised and carefully evaluated by military officers.
All students are completely free in their choice of the research project.
All students are concerned about employment opportunities after graduation.
All students are court-ordered to attend.
All students are current subscribers.
All students are different and unique.
All students are different.
All students are distance learners, even students living on campus.
All students are either bussed in or brought by parents.
All students are eligable to complete an economics minor expect economics majors.
All students are eligible and treated on the same basis as any community resident.
All students are eligible but larger rewards are made to upper level students.
All students are eligible by audition to participate.
All students are eligible for a balanced, nutritional meals during the school day.
All students are eligible for a college e-mail acccount .
All students are eligible for a computer account.
All students are eligible for a free student email account.
All students are eligible for all on-campus jobs, regardless of their financial status.
All students are eligible for both plans.
All students are eligible for consideration.
All students are eligible for continuing education and research electives.
All students are eligible for co-op the summer after their sophomore year.
All students are eligible for counseling services.
All students are eligible for entrance awards.
All students are eligible for every award.
All students are eligible for financial aid.
All students are eligible for financial assistance to help pay for college.
All students are eligible for financial support.
All students are eligible for free counseling service.
All students are eligible for health services.
All students are eligible for individual assistance based on tutor availability and subject.
All students are eligible for limited individual or group therapy, free of charge.
All students are eligible for loans.
All students are eligible for membership and are encouraged to join and become involved.
All students are eligible for membership in the clubs of their choice.
All Students are eligible for membership on the yearbook staff.
All students are eligible for membership.
All students are eligible for one authorized vacation semester each year.
All students are eligible for paid internships.
All students are eligible for participation.
All students are eligible for part-time engineering positions.
All students are eligible for placement assistance.
All students are eligible for school bus transportation.
All students are eligible for services.
All students are eligible for student health services covered by the student health fee.
All students are eligible for student insurance.
All students are eligible for student loans.
All students are eligible for support regardless of previous fellowships from other sources.
All students are eligible for the Deferred Payment Plan.
All students are eligible for the services offered through the center.
All students are eligible for tutoring.
All students are eligible for varsity teams.
All students are eligible from incoming freshmen to transfer students.
All students are eligible regardless of grades, income, or parent's income.
All students are eligible regardless of personal or family income.
All students are eligible to apply for financial aid.
All students are eligible to apply for special programs.
All students are eligible to apply for study abroad.
All students are eligible to apply for the installment payment plan.
All students are eligible to apply for the installment plan.
All students are eligible to apply for tutoring.
All students are eligible to apply for work on campus.
All students are eligible to apply.
All students are eligible to attend.
All students are eligible to be members.
All students are eligible to be nominated to run for any of the positions.
All students are eligible to be nominated.
All students are eligible to contribute to the student section.
All students are eligible to earn the certificate.
All students are eligible to enroll in the center regardless of their insurance or ability to pay.
All students are eligible to enroll.
All students are eligible to enter for a chance to win a large cash sum.
All students are eligible to enter.
All students are eligible to have their own library cards.
All students are eligible to hold an executive office.
All students are eligible to interview for summer and temporary positions.
All students are eligible to join a meal plan.
All students are eligible to join and so are faculty, staff and Cache Valley residents.
All students are eligible to join the french club.
All students are eligible to join the team.
All students are eligible to join, and a number of staff and parents are involved.
All students are eligible to join.
All students are eligible to operate or possess a motor vehicle during the summer session.
All students are eligible to participate and receive academic credit.
All students are eligible to participate and receive academiccredit.
All students are eligible to participate in activities throughout the school year.
All students are eligible to participate in internships and to use the services of the program.
All students are eligible to participate in intramural sports and use athletic facilities.
All students are eligible to participate in school choice.
All students are eligible to participate in student activities.
All students are eligible to participate in student government through the leadership class.
All students are eligible to participate in the annual Spring Concert.
All students are eligible to participate in the before school chorus program.
All students are eligible to participate in the club.
All students are eligible to participate in the committee.
All students are eligible to participate.
All students are eligible to petition for the consideration of alternative criteria.
All students are eligible to preregister.
All students are eligible to propose, act in, or work on an OSTA show.
All students are eligible to purchase a discount permit.
All students are eligible to purchase a parking permit each semester.
All students are eligible to purchase subscriptions.
All students are eligible to receive a computer account.
All students are eligible to receive a copy of their co-curricular transcript free of charge.
All students are eligible to receive breakfast free of charge under a special federal program.
All students are eligible to receive e-mail accounts and space for their own homepages .
All students are eligible to receive the free tutoring on campus.
All students are eligible to register a vehicle to park on campus.
All students are eligible to register by telephone on or after their registration appointment time.
All students are eligible to register, possess, operate and park a motor vehicle on campus.
All students are eligible to ride buses to and from schools.
All students are eligible to ride the bus to and from school.
All students are eligible to submit a short, unpublished script.
All students are eligible to take weekend courses.
All students are eligible to try out for a varsity team .
All students are eligible to try out for music and theatre productions.
All students are eligible to tryout for each respective sport.
All students are eligible to use the center.
All students are eligible to vote.
ALL students are eligible to vote.
All students are eligible to work on a senior project and write a senior thesis.
All students are eligible to work on campus.
All students are eligible, even in the first year of study, pending the studio teacher's approval.
All students are eligible, regardless of their major field of study.
All students are eligible.
All Students are eligible.
All students are elligible for the intramural teams.
All students are encouragd in higher level thinking skills.
All students are encouraged and directly called upon to share their views on course topics.
All students are encouraged to avail themselves of the services offered.
All students are encouraged to do a practicum as well.
All students are encouraged to do some teaching during their graduate study.
All students are encouraged to do their best and are helped to accomplish their goals.
All students are encouraged to do their best and reach their greatest potential.
All students are encouraged to explore all the financial aid options available.
All students are encouraged to explore as many major areas of mathematics as possible.
All students are encouraged to explore fraternity and sorority membership.
All students are encouraged to explore intercollegiate athletic participation.
All students are encouraged to explore the potential for health and wellness across the lifespan.
All students are encouraged to explore their interests through reading and research.
All students are encouraged to get an escort.
All students are encouraged to have a cooperative education.
All students are encouraged to have at least three choices ready at the time of draw.
All students are encouraged to have Internet access at home.
All students are encouraged to have Internet access.
All students are encouraged to have medical insurance.
All students are encouraged to have their own e-mail account.
All students are encouraged to introduce themselves on the discussion forum.
All students are encouraged to participate, including auditors.
All students are encouraged to read nightly for twenty minutes.
All students are encouraged to read the documents below.
All students are encouraged to seek advice from their lecturers and course convenors.
All students are encouraged to seek advising at least once a semester.
All students are encouraged to seek advising in order to formulate an appropriate educational plan.
All students are encouraged to seek advising to formulate an appropriate educational plan.
All students are encouraged to seek independent funding sources for graduate study.
All students are encouraged to seek individual attention outside the classroom.
All students are encouraged to seek practical experience in productions.
All students are encouraged to seek support from outside funding sources.
All students are encouraged to seek the advice and counsel of any faculty member.
All students are encouraged to seek the advice and counsel of faculty members.
All students are encouraged to seek the services available or take part-time employment in tutoring.
All students are encouraged to show their interest and support.
All students are encouraged to show their patriotic spirit by wearing red, white, and blue.
All students are encouraged to try a wide variety of different sporting activities.
All students are encouraged to tryout for any team or become a team manager or trainer.
All students are encouraged to undertake the practicum to provide a stronger link to the profession.
All students are encouraged to wear their favorite hat that day.
All students are encouraged, however, to make their interests and needs known to the faculty.
All students are exempt from three area requirements on the basis of their field of concentration.
All students are familiar with seeing their own reflections in a mirror.
All students are familiar with the school computers due to compulsory studies in previous years.
All students are felons and have been sentenced by juvenile court.
All students are fluent in English and use computers effectively.
All students are free to contact the lecturer at any time by telephone, email or an appointment.
All students are free to disagree with the ideas expressed by others.
All students are free to join.
All students are free to post in any forum.
All students are free to regulate their own hours.
All students are free to stop by the instructor's office at any time to discuss matters of interest.
All students are free to use the long distance calling card of their choice.
All students are from low income families and qualify for free lunch program.
All students are full-time students working toward the Ph.D. degree.
All students are full-time, and enroll in a minimum of three classes per semester.
All students are full-time.
All students are healthy and ready to learn.
All students are highly encouraged to have health insurance.
All students are highly encouraged to participate.
All students are important resources of our community.
All students are in multi-age classes and remain with the same teacher for two years.
All students are in multi-age classes and remain with the same teachers for two years.
All students are in residence and tuition is free.
All students are individually assigned lockers.
All students are individuals with unique needs.
All students are interested and curious about each other.
All students are interested in better grades, less stress, and improved clarity of mind.
All students are interested in receiving a cultural experience as well as an academic education.
All students are involved in either junior varsity, varsity, intramurals, or minor sports.
All students are involved in planning a group research project of their choice.
All students are involved to the extent they are able.
All students are Japanese.
All students are language learners in one way or another.
All students are learners.
All students are level tested on the first day of the course.
All students are liable for tuition fees.
All students are literate in their native language.
All students are literate people.
All students are logic lovers.
All students are members and are eligible for office.
All students are members by virtue of their registration.
All students are members of both organizations through payment of their activity fees.
All students are members of both the educational community and the local community.
All students are members of heterogeneous classes.
All students are members of the associated student body and are entitled to voting privileges.
All students are members, and are encouraged to be involved.
All students are members.
All students are mild-moderate cognitively disable.
All students are mild-moderate cognitively disabled.
All students are military dependents.
All students are more or less equal in their ability to benefit from computer-based curricula.
All students are most welcome to attend.
All students are now responsible for their individual actions.
All students are now very capable with both the compound and the dissecting microscopes.
All students are of average intelligence.
All students are on a team and block scheduled for their academic classes.
All students are on an eight-week probationary period with the departments.
All students are on email and have access to the Internet.
All students are open to participate.
All students are part of a block team with six teachers in the core academic subjects.
All students are personally responsible for payment of financial obligations.
All students are poor.
All students are prepared for a successful transition to high school.
All students are prepared to pass all national and state professional entry and licensure tests.
All students are pre-registered for classes in the spring.
All students are pretty intelligent.
All students are proficient readers by third grade.
All students are qualified to do the work.
All students are qualified to participate.
All students are rank-ordered for placement consideration.
All students are rational and capable of intelligent problem solving.
All students are registered medical practitioners, and study is possible from anywhere in the world.
All students are representatives of their school.
All students are requierd to be on a meal plan.
All students are required to pay tuition for all courses in which they are enrolled.
All students are required to take one history course and one economics course.
All students are requiredto wear school uniforms unless parents sign a waiver.
All students are responsible for all announcements made and materials covered in class.
All students are responsible for all announcements, handouts, assignments, lectures, readings, etc.
All students are responsible for all charges incurred for the semesters in which they enroll.
All students are responsible for all class activities and outside assignments.
All students are responsible for all class assignments and lectures regardless of attendance.
All students are responsible for all material and announcements presented in class.
All students are responsible for all material.
All students are responsible for all materials in the first part of the exam.
All students are responsible for announcements made in class whether absent or present.
All students are responsible for any additional class fees and books.
All students are responsible for aquarium maintenance.
All students are responsible for attending class and for the material presented in all classes.
All students are responsible for attending class regularly.
All students are responsible for attending classes regularly.
All students are responsible for becoming familiar with the handbook.
All students are responsible for being aware of the requirements concerning residence status.
All students are responsible for break area and facilities appearance.
All students are responsible for bringing or buying their own lunch daily.
All students are responsible for carefully reviewing the following instructions.
All students are responsible for caring for their and other students' safety.
All students are responsible for checking the smoke detector in their room for proper functioning.
All students are responsible for checking to see that all appropriate forms are on file.
All students are responsible for cleaning their own room or apartment areas.
All students are responsible for completing all assignments on the specified due date.
All students are responsible for completing their graduation requirements.
All students are responsible for completing their own assignments and exams.
All students are responsible for contributing to classroom discussions on a regular basis .
All students are responsible for controlling their I.D. card.
All students are responsible for copying done for their course work.
All students are responsible for copying the data and graphing it for homework.
All students are responsible for course content and completion of all course requirements.
All students are responsible for delivering memos and notetaker packets immediately to faculty.
All students are responsible for determining their own tax liability.
All students are responsible for doing their own work on all assignments, exams and papers.
All students are responsible for doing their own work.
All students are responsible for finding and applying for campus jobs.
All students are responsible for following the policies and procedures of the Winter Session term.
All students are responsible for following through on their requests for university housing.
All students are responsible for food, telephone, textbooks, entertainment and personal items.
All students are responsible for keeping the facilities clean.
All students are responsible for keeping the learning environment clean and attractive.
All students are responsible for knowing each stage of development.
All Students are responsible for knowing the content on the Information page.
All students are responsible for knowing the policies and procedures that govern computer use.
All students are responsible for knowing the policies regarding academic integrity.
All students are responsible for knowing when and where to report for each exam.
All students are responsible for knowledge of material presented as special reports.
All students are responsible for learning about changes in advance of affected class sessions.
All students are responsible for locking up their own materials.
All students are responsible for maintaining copies of all files in the submitted diskettes.
All students are responsible for maintaining proper care of the laboratory facilities and equipment.
All Students are responsible for making their own travel arrangements.
All students are responsible for making themselves familiar with the information in the study guide.
All students are responsible for material covered during their absence.
All students are responsible for medical expenses incurred both on and off campus.
All students are responsible for medical fees.
All students are responsible for notifying professors when classes are missed due to illness.
All students are responsible for obtaining a copy of the booklet.
All students are responsible for obtaining homework assignments for all missed classes.
All students are responsible for obtaining missed information and materials.
All students are responsible for obtaining their course textbooks.
All students are responsible for one outside reading book per month.
All students are responsible for owning or renting their instrument.
All students are responsible for paying host program directly for application fees, deposits, etc.
All students are responsible for paying tuition and fees to the college.
All students are responsible for payment of their bills.
All students are responsible for payment of tuition appropriate to residence status.
All students are responsible for postage on lessons.
All students are responsible for pre-requisite course requirements.
All students are responsible for providing their own instrument.
All students are responsible for providing their own transportation to clinical sites.
All students are responsible for reading assigned for the week.
All students are responsible for reading each of the assigned works.
All students are responsible for reading the articles being discussed.
All students are responsible for reading the class syllabus.
All students are responsible for repairing computers under their own warrantees.
All students are responsible for selecting courses which fit into their degree program.
All students are responsible for submitting their own work for evaluation by the instructor.
All students are responsible for such material.
All students are responsible for supplies used for their course work.
All students are responsible for taking an exam on the designated exam dates.
All students are responsible for the actions of their guests.
All students are responsible for the announcements made in that bulletin.
All students are responsible for the appropriate non-refundable application fee.
All students are responsible for the care and cleaning of their assigned rooms.
All students are responsible for the completeness and accuracy of their own registration.
All students are responsible for the content of course announcements made by e-mail.
All students are responsible for the cost of laboratory fees, books, and materials.
All students are responsible for the full work of the course.
All students are responsible for the information contained therein.
All students are responsible for the information in that announcement.
All students are responsible for the material covered in each of the assigned chapters.
All students are responsible for the remaining fee costs.
All students are responsible for the safety of the other students during class.
All students are responsible for the set up and the take down of their projects.
All students are responsible for their academic schedule.
All students are responsible for their actions.
All students are responsible for their conduct both within and beyond the confines of the campus.
All students are responsible for their conduct on and off campus.
All students are responsible for their education.
All students are responsible for their equipment.
All students are responsible for their expenses for the off-site workshops at the retreat center.
All students are responsible for their meals and activity costs.
All students are responsible for their online behavior towards the tutor and other students.
All students are responsible for their own academic achievement.
All students are responsible for their own academic honesty at all times.
All students are responsible for their own accident and medical insurance coverage.
All students are responsible for their own actions.
All students are responsible for their own enrollment.
All students are responsible for their own housing arrangements, either on campus or off.
All students are responsible for their own housing, board, and health insurance.
All students are responsible for their own insurance.
All students are responsible for their own laundry.
All students are responsible for their own paperwork and for meeting the deadline.
All students are responsible for their own transportation to and from clinical experiences.
All students are responsible for their own transportation to and from clinical sites.
All students are responsible for their own transportation to and from the clinical sites.
All students are responsible for their own travel.
All students are responsible for their own well-being.
All Students are responsible for understanding all college policies, procedures, and requirements.
All students are responsible for understanding how to do the work.
All students are responsible for updating their immunizations as needed.
All students are responsible for upholding the Code of Academic Integrity .
All students are responsible for upholding the Code of Conduct .
All students are responsible for verifying their degree check with their records.
All students are responsible for writing down their homework in the student planner.
All students are responsible to follow safe computing procedures.
All students are responsible to pay for fees and books.
All students are responsible, however, for incidental expenses while abroad.
All students are safe and secure while at school and when traveling to and from school.
All students are safe, and no one was seriously physically harmed.
All students are seniors and have performed outstanding volunteerism in their communities.
All students are solely responsible for material missed as a result of absences.
All students are special.
All students are still responsible for reading all drafts.
All students are strongly encouraged to apply for all applicable awards.
All students are strongly encouraged to apply for any external awards for which they are eligible.
All students are strongly encouraged to apply for individual pre-doctoral fellowships.
All students are strongly encouraged to attend all seminars throughout their graduate programs.
All students are strongly encouraged to attend every defense.
ALL students are strongly encouraged to attend office hours.
All students are strongly encouraged to attend student government meetings.
All students are strongly encouraged to attend the Biology Seminar Series.
All students are strongly encouraged to attend.
All students are strongly encouraged to carry personal health coverage.
All students are strongly encouraged to check out the poetry page and submit their own verses.
All students are strongly encouraged to check their electronic mail on a regular basis.
ALL students are strongly encouraged to complete a practicum, regardless of their exemption status.
All students are strongly encouraged to complete all CLAD prerequisites.
All students are strongly encouraged to complete an evaluation for all clinical clerkships.
All students are strongly encouraged to complete an internship.
All students are strongly encouraged to consult their academic advisor regularly.
All students are strongly encouraged to contribute to the poster session.
All students are strongly encouraged to have health insurance.
All students are strongly encouraged to have their own computer and printer.
All students are strongly encouraged to learn a second foreign language.
All students are strongly encouraged to pre-register for classes.
All students are strongly encouraged to purchase medical insurance.
All students are strongly encouraged to purchase supplemental health insurance.
All students are strongly encouraged to read the regulations.
All students are strongly encouraged to see their adviser before registering for classes.
All students are strongly encouraged to seek academic advising before enrolling in summer courses.
All students are strongly encouraged to seek advising assistance early in their university careers.
All students are strongly encouraged to seek regular advisement from a faculty member.
All students are strongly encouraged to take exams at the time and date scheduled.
All students are strongly encouraged to take the examinations at the scheduled times.
All students are subject to a check of their residency status at admission and registration.
All students are subject to an evaluation period during their first few weeks of school attendance.
All students are subject to approval for the programs.
All students are subject to being weighed during in-processing.
All students are subject to check of their residency status during registration.
All students are subject to compulsory health insurance.
All students are subject to instructor approval.
All students are subject to regular review by the department's graduate policies committee.
All students are subject to the Academic Honor Code which is set forth in the Student Handbook.
All students are subject to the academic regulations stated in the most recent catalog.
All students are subject to the Code of Student Conduct.
All students are subject to the most recent update of campus policies.
All students are subject to the new single fee payment deadline.
All students are subject to the rules and standards as they are presented in the handbook.
All students are subject to the same academic rules and regulations as any other graduate student.
All students are supervisor equivalents and the potential for system problems is high.
All students are taught by quality teachers is another goal.
All students are technologically literate.
All students are Thai nationals who have wide range of English skills.
ALL students are then responsible for knowing their points and upcoming lottery dates.
All students are to adhere to the rules and regulations stipulated by the bus driver.
All students are to attend pep rallies and other functions.
All students are to attend.
All students are to be enrolled in school for the full school day.
All students are to be familiar with and practice LEME occupational health and safety requirements.
All students are to be immediately seated when the bell rings and prepared for class.
All students are to be in class at the start of the period.
All students are to be in each assigned class or study hall each and every day they are in school.
All students are to be on time to class.
All students are to be present for the beginning of each class for movement and theatre warm-ups.
All students are to be present for the judging.
All students are to be present in the classroom the day a test or announced quiz is given.
All students are to be provided instruction that is standards-based, high quality, and equitable.
All students are to be registered on and ride the same bus in both the morning and afternoon.
All students are to be silent when the bus is stopped at railroad crossings.
All students are to be subject to the authority of ALL staff members.
All students are to be under adult supervision when using the computer.
All students are to behave in a respectful manner.
All students are to bring a box of baby wipes for the computer lab.
All students are to bring paper and something to write with every day of class.
All students are to bring their instrument.
All students are to bring writing materials, texts, assignment books, etc.
All students are to circulate and observe all the separation experiments in progress.
All students are to come to class prepared and ready to discuss the days lecture.
All students are to complete the first two terms.
All students are to conduct themselves in a courteous manner in class.
All students are to develop basic math skills with emphasis in computation and critical thinking.
All students are to dress for physical education and participate in the total program.
All students are to eat their lunches in the school cafeteria.
All students are to follow fire and safety precautions.
All students are to go directly to the cafetorium upon their arrival each morning.
All students are to leave the campus at that time.
All students are to observe all local, state and federal laws.
All students are to park in the back or the side parking areas of the building at all time.
All students are to park in the marked spaces.
All students are to park in the student parking lot on the south side of the building.
All students are to park in the student parking lots.
All students are to participate at a graduate performance level.
All students are to provide the instructor with an e-mail address at the beginning of the quarter.
All students are to provide the instructor with an e-mail address at the first class.
All students are to provide the instructor with their e-mail address at the first class.
All students are to provide their own instrument .
All students are to provide their own instrument.
All students are to read and comment on at least two group proposals.
All students are to read any assigned readings prior to going over the modular material.
All students are to read the appropriate chapter for the designated week.
All students are to receive a letter and new students are being contacted by telephone.
All students are to receive appropriate academic preparation prior to hearing the speaker.
All students are to remain at their tables until dismissed.
All students are to remain for the full length of the program.
All students are to remain in class during entire class period.
All students are to remain in the building unless leaving to go home.
All students are to report ot homeroom the first day of school.
All students are to respond to adults with respect.
All students are to salute before entering or leaving the training floor.
All students are to sign up for practice time at the beginning of each semester.
All students are to stay away from buses during the school day.
All students are to stay in their assigned group and follow the schedule outlined for their group.
All students are to stay under the portico until they see their car pool driver in a parking spot.
All students are to submit a journal of their community service experience.
All students are to take notes and list the important points in each group's presentation.
All students are to take their exams unless they are exempt because of grades and attendance.
All Students are to treat others with courtesy and respect at all times.
All students are to use either the thesis or the thesis-substitute plan.
All students are to use either the thesis or thesis-substitute plan.
All students are to use the main entrance to the media center.
All students are to use the sidewalks and obey the crossing guard and safety patrol.
All students are to wear an I.D. badge.
All students are to wear their shirts tucked in with belts.
All students are to write their own essay.
All students are together during the morning class times.
All students are totally involved in all phases of mounting a full-scale production.
All students are Turkish, but instruction is in English as well as Turkish.
All students are ultimately responsible for their own academic achievement.
All students are under direct supervision.
All students are under obligation to respect the mutual rules and regulations of the reading rooms.
All students are under the direct supervision of experienced,qualified clinical faculty.
All students are under the jurisdiction of the driver while they are on a school bus.
All students are under the supervision of a qualified therapist, nurse, social worker or physician.
All students are unique and are to be respected and encouraged.
All students are unique in their race, age, learning capabilities, and learning styles.
All students are unique individuals with their own set of gifts and talents.
All students are unique.
All students are very capable if they are willing to put in the time.
All students are very excited to be involved in the partnership and participate in the project.
All students are very welcome to attend.
All students are wear standard nametags.
All students are welcome and admission is free.
All students are welcome and each student has a vote.
All students are welcome and encouraged to attend all meetings.
All students are welcome and encouraged to attend meetings.
All students are welcome and encouraged to attend the taping session.
ALL students are welcome and encouraged to attend the tutoring program.
All students are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All Students are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All students are welcome and encouraged to come.
All students are welcome and encouraged to donate blood.
All students are welcome and encouraged to join our organization.
All students are welcome and encouraged to join.
All Students are welcome and encouraged to participate in the matriculation process.
All students are welcome and encouraged to participate.
All students are welcome and invited to attend at any time.
All students are welcome and invited to participate.
All students are welcome and invited.
All students are welcome and no memberships are required.
All students are welcome and there are no membership requirements.
All students are welcome as members.
All students are welcome at activities and programs.
All students are welcome at all sessions.
All students are welcome at all the centres.
All students are welcome at our meetings.
All students are welcome at programs.
All students are welcome at the meeting.
All students are welcome before or after school and during lunch time.
All students are welcome beginners, intermediate and advanced.
All students are welcome in the center and are encouraged to use any of the services.
All students are welcome in the residence halls.
All students are welcome in the weight room, the hours vary according to season.
All students are welcome regardless of denominational affiliation.
All students are welcome regardless of major.
All students are welcome regardless of race, religion, national origin or handicap.
All students are welcome regardless of religion, observance level, or beliefs.
All students are welcome regardless of religious affiliation.
All students are welcome regardless of whether they choose to join the chapter.
All students are welcome regardless of whether they choose to join.
All students are welcome though graduate students get first priority.
All students are welcome to add their comments to the ongoing discussion.
All students are welcome to all of our meetings.
All students are welcome to an introductory lesson at no cost.
All students are welcome to any library workshop sessions.
All students are welcome to apply for the positions available.
All students are welcome to apply regardless of academic ability or past academic progress .
All students are welcome to apply regardless of their major or career interest.
All students are welcome to apply.
All students are welcome to attend and encouraged to take part.
All students are welcome to attend and hear presentations by fellow undergraduates.
All students are welcome to attend and participate in club activities.
All students are welcome to attend and reduce their anxiety level before finals week begins.
All students are welcome to attend and take part in the functions of student government.
All students are welcome to attend and talk to the speakers.
All students are welcome to attend any lecture or field activity.
All students are welcome to attend any meeting, function, or event.
All students are welcome to attend any open house.
All students are welcome to attend any or all sessions.
All students are welcome to attend as few or as many sessions as desired.
All students are welcome to attend bimonthly meetings.
All students are welcome to attend CyberMACS meetings.
All students are welcome to attend either or both panel presentations.
All students are welcome to attend events.
All students are welcome to attend meetings.
All students are welcome to attend our meetings.
All students are welcome to attend retreats and other programs.
All students are welcome to attend the Annual Business Fair.
All students are welcome to attend the career fair.
All students are welcome to attend the careers presentations taking place during term.
All students are welcome to attend the ceremony.
All students are welcome to attend the denomination of their particular faith.
All students are welcome to attend the free event.
All students are welcome to attend the meetings and special forums sponsored throughout the year.
All students are welcome to attend the meetings.
All students are welcome to attend the resident didactic sessions.
All students are welcome to attend weekly meetings and to participate in ongoing activities.
All students are welcome to attend, male and female.
All students are welcome to attend, regardless of year in school.
All students are welcome to attend.
All students are welcome to audition for roles or participate backstage.
All students are welcome to audition for the group.
All students are welcome to audition for theatrical productions.
All students are welcome to audition.
All students are welcome to bring their concerns and ideas.
All students are welcome to come and share some juice, cereal or muffins with their friends.
All students are welcome to come in and train during open times.
All students are welcome to come regardless of church affiliation.
All students are welcome to come to any meetings.
All students are welcome to come to the meetings to discuss real problems and practical solutions.
All students are welcome to come.
All students are welcome to contribute ideas and to star in the show.
All students are welcome to discuss any aspect of the course at any time with the instructor.
All students are welcome to discuss any aspect of the course, at any time, with the instructor.
All students are welcome to drop in to get acquainted.
All students are welcome to drop in to the free program.
All students are welcome to eat a nutritious breakfast and lunch in the school cafeteria.
All students are welcome to eat dinner in the dining hall.
All students are welcome to enroll at any academy.
All students are welcome to enroll in German classes.
All students are welcome to enroll in the class and to become a member of student government.
All students are welcome to enroll.
All students are welcome to exchange books at any time.
All students are welcome to help with production, regardless of major.
All students are welcome to join and are encouraged to invite family and friends as well.
All students are welcome to join and ask questions.
All students are welcome to join and learn more about our culture.
All students are welcome to join any club that they think sounds interesting.
All students are welcome to join any club.
All students are welcome to join any organization.
All students are welcome to join at any time.
All students are welcome to join our community.
All students are welcome to join the chorale.
All students are welcome to join the club and improve their skills.
All students are welcome to join the club at any time.
All students are welcome to join the following organizations unless specified otherwise.
All students are welcome to join the Hearsay staff at the beginning of each academic year.
All students are welcome to join the Telefund team.
All students are welcome to join, regardless of undergraduate or graduate status or major.
All students are welcome to join.
All students are welcome to meetings and events.
All students are welcome to participate in any association activity.
All students are welcome to participate in any of our programs.
All students are welcome to participate in any of the Spanish club activities.
All students are welcome to participate in Hillel sponsored activities.
All students are welcome to participate in planning and organizing events and programs.
All students are welcome to participate in staff and back-stage work.
All students are welcome to participate in the Chorale.
All students are welcome to participate in the commencement ceremony.
All students are welcome to participate in the ecology club.
All students are welcome to participate in the planning of events and programs.
All students are welcome to participate regardless of their knowledge of the Nordic languages.
All students are welcome to participate.
All students are welcome to play and are required to have fun.
All students are welcome to practice and review the exercises.
All students are welcome to publish web pages.
All students are welcome to re-register for the course.
All students are welcome to run for office.
All students are welcome to run.
All students are welcome to seek confidential medical advice and care without hesitation.
All students are welcome to seek projects.
All students are welcome to select courses from either program.
All students are welcome to serve.
All students are welcome to stop by to visit, meet other students, or relax between classes.
All students are welcome to subscribe.
All students are welcome to take advantage of their services.
All students are welcome to take our courses, regardless of their interest in military service.
ALL students are welcome to take part in our activities.
All students are welcome to take part in the Mass regardless of faith or denomination.
All students are welcome to take some time out from a very stressful time of year and play or relax.
All students are welcome to take turns singing songs they know in the time-honored circle structure.
All students are welcome to the meetings.
All students are welcome to try out for any team sport.
All students are welcome to try out for the team.
All students are welcome to try out for the various teams.
All students are welcome to tryout.
All students are welcome to use the business lab resource are for school related computer projects.
All students are welcome to use the labs listed below.
All students are welcome to use the multi-faith centre for quiet prayer and reflection.
All students are welcome to use the nearby computer lab.
All students are welcome to use their residence hall's computing lab.
All students are welcome to utilize the facilities.
All students are welcome to visit and browse.
All students are welcome to visit the peer advising office and to talk with an advisor.
All students are welcome to visit the Science Fair, where exhibitors explain their projects.
All students are welcome to voice their suggestions and ideas.
All students are welcome to work on the newspaper regardless of previous experience.
All students are welcome when there are free computers.
All students are welcome, and any project is possible.
All students are welcome, and encouraged, to participate.
All students are welcome, but some experience with watercolor is helpful.
All students are welcome, friends of students are welcome.
All students are welcome, music and non-music majors alike.
All students are welcome, no matter what their major field of study.
All students are welcome, regardless of major or year.
All students are welcome.
All Students are Welcome.
ALL students are welcome.
All students are wellcome to share their questions and concerns.
All students are working adults who have at least three years of full-time relevant work experience.
All students are working adults who have at least three years of work experience.
All students are worthy of respect.
All students are, in addition, allocated a personal tutor who advises on problems of any kind.
All students are, therefore, required to write their assignments with the assistance of a computer.
All students attend a full day of classes.
All students attend a leadership preparation laboratory twice weekly.
All students attend a lecture every week and write a summary.
All students attend a one hour lesson, each week of the school year.
All students attend a retreat with their classmates every year.
All students attend a twelve hour orientation before beginning their first field placement.
All students attend a weekly journal club and weekly genetics seminars.
All students attend all courses.
All Students attend an introductory interdisciplinary humanities course.
All students attend at least a week of classes in respective schools.
All students attend at least one interdisciplinary team meeting.
All students attend Bible classes and chapel.
All students attend chapel once a week.
All students attend chapel once each week.
All students attend churches of like faith and practice.
All students attend classes and have many opportunities to ask questions and speak often.
All students attend college.
All students attend daily bible classes and chapel assembly.
All students attend enrichment classes in art.
All students attend five days in preparation for kindergarten.
All students attend free of charge.
All students attend full-time.
All students attend in their senior year.
All students attend lab weekly.
All students attend language classes in the mornings.
All students attend on a full-time basis.
All students attend on full scholarships that cover tuition, room, board, and textbooks.
All students attend regular classes and are subject to the same requirements.
All students attend regularly scheduled religion classes.
All students attend religious exercises.
All students attend school and graduate.
All students attend school at the same time and go on vacation at the same time.
All students attend school full-time and are eligible for grade level promotions.
All students attend school.
All students attend seminar as part of professional development.
All students attend skills workshops.
All students attend study hall after school.
All students attend surveying field courses in their second year.
All students attend the computer lab during the school year.
All students attend the evening programme.
All students attend the lab each week.
All students attend the main lectures given on the theme each morning.
All students attend the same course chosen by the program coordinator.
All students attend the same lectures and are examined, as far as possible, in the same ways.
All students attend weekly chapel.
All students attend.
All students attending during the summer session pay the in-state tuition.
All students attending summer sessions pay resident tuition.
All students audition and are cast in a dance or theatre production during the first days of camp.
All students automatically become members upon enrollment.
All students automatically have access to public conference areas.
All students automatically receive e-mail accounts with Internet privileges.
All students become achievers when they are given challenging assignments.
All students become aware of the five areas of health related fitness.
All Students Become Better Readers .
All students become lifelong learners and achieve academic success.
All students begin and complete the program at the same time.
All students begin as white belts and progress through the ranks of yellow, green, purple and brown.
All students begin at the first level, learning finger position and keystroke technique.
All students begin at the same level.
All students begin by becoming certified as a medical laboratory technician.
All students begin each new quarter with no recorded behavior infractions.
All students begin each new quarter with no recorded study infractions.
All students begin study in the fall and finish in summer.
All students begin the compilation of a high school showcase portfolio.
All students begin the course of study in the fall due to the sequence of required courses.
All students begin the day on green.
All students begin the doctoral program by completing a set of eight advanced courses.
All students begin the nursing major in a FALL semester.
All students begin the program in the academic track.
All students begin the program in the fall semester as a cohort.
ALL students begin the program together as a cohort in the following fall.
All students begin the semester with twenty bonus points.
All students begin their Phoenix education by identifying, building and strengthening basic skills.
All students begin their program in the fall quarter and take several core courses together.
All students begin their studies with eight basic courses.
All students begin their work on the modules.
All students begin with a C in the class.
All students begin with an elementary algebra test.
All students begin with the core course, which introduces scholarly approaches to the field.
All students belong to a house system for sporting and other activities.
All students belong to a team and develop an identity within their teams.
All students belong to all staff.
All students belong to one of the university's seven faculties.
ALL students belong.
All students benefit from a comprehensive affirmative religious education program.
All students benefit from academic courses presented in a concrete, applied format.
All students benefit from co-operative learning groups.
All students benefit from exchanges in seminars where multicultural issues are consistently central.
All students benefit from increased confidence and pride in accomplishment.
All students benefit from in-depth interaction with instructors.
All students benefit from innovative technologies in their courses, and from improved advising.
All students benefit from more classroom technology.
All students benefit from our enriched program.
All students benefit from participation in class exercises and discussions.
All students benefit from reading about other cultures and experiences.
All students benefit from support from more experienced individuals.
All students benefit from the educational opportunities.
All students benefit from the satisfactions which come from an appreciation of the fine arts.
All students benefit from training because mediation skills are life skills.
All students benefit from variety and change.
All students benefit from working to improve their skills with all three sensory systems.
All students benefit greatly.
All students benefit through their contribution to help the needy.
All students benefit when two teachers are in a classroom.
All students benefit, however, from the panels and other events sponsored by the student chapters.
All students benefit.
All students bring a calculator, ruler and colored pencils to class the first day.
All students bring previous knowledge into the classroom.
All students buy it and bring it to class daily.
All students can access professor's bibliographic data at anytime, from anywhere.
All students can access their own e-mail account, set up a home page, or use the laser printers.
All students can achieve at high levels.
All students can achieve high standards.
All students can achieve success in the language arts classroom.
All students can achieve their educational dreams and enter society as productive citizens.
All students can achieve.
All students can actively contribute to their own education and to the education of others.
All students can add courses during the first three weeks of the semester.
All students can also open an internship resume file.
All students can analyze and use quantitative information, including graphs and tables of data.
All Students can apply for the scholarships listed below .
All students can apply mathematics in the world of work and to solve real world problems.
All students can apply to join.
All students can apply, but exchange students have priority to attend the course.
All students can apply, but exchange students have priority.
All students can apply.
All students can appreciate thementally disabled into our world.
ALL students can attend Plymouth Saturday classes for credit.
All students can audition and the cast usually includes thirty actors.
All students can be critical thinkers and problem solvers.
All students can be productive and employable.
All students can be responsible citizens.
All students can be successful and learn.
All students can be successful in school.
All students can be successful learners and deserve the opportunity to achieve their full potential.
All students can be successful learners.
All students can be successful.
All students CAN be successful.
All students can become technologically literate.
All students can behave appropriately while at school.
All students can benefit by attending meetings and getting involved.
All students can benefit from a study of the Latin language.
ALL students can benefit from assignment modifications.
All students can benefit from bilingual education.
All students can benefit from purchasing a notebook computer.
All students can benefit from study skills instruction.
All students can benefit from technical education, as it is essential in our society.
All students can benefit from the insights history provides into the human condition.
All students can benefit from the Tii- sc approach.
All students can benefit.
All students can borrow in person from any of the campus libraries .
All students can check their own audits at any time on the Web.
All students can check with their host department to see if teaching possibilities are available.
All students can choose to change their behavior.
All students can create websites from their panther accounts.
All students can demonstrate numeric and algebraic competency.
All students can describe scoring used in tennis.
All students can develop the knowledge, skills, and strategies described in the benchmarks.
All students can effectively work and play together.
All students can excel in any subject if given the opportunity.
All students can exhibit their own works as their yearly study.
All students can expect to develop a strong background in research methods and statistics.
All students can expect to have copywriting samples for their portfolios by semester end.
All students can expect to learn in an environment free from interruption or disturbance.
All students can feel secure with the concept that they can pay their fees at their own timely pace.
All students can find success.
All students can focus on citizenship and contributions to others.
All students can gain insight and acceptance of difference and diversity among students.
All students can get dial-in accounts for winter or summer breaks.
All students can go to the library during the opening hours to get a book on loan.
All students can grow in their knowledge of mathematics.
All students can hear an alphabetized list of their scheduled courses.
All students can improve, even in their areas of weakness.
All students can indicate a preferred residence hall and room type.
All students can interact with the teacher at once.
All students can invent their own approaches to reading a textbook.
All students can learn a foreign language as part of their studies.
All students can learn and achieve academic success.
All students can learn and achieve at high levels.
All students can learn and achieve success.
All students can learn and achieve.
All students can learn and acquire knowledge.
All students can learn and all students matter.
All students can learn and be successful.
All students can learn and deserve an atmosphere conductive to learning.
All students can learn and develop.
All students can learn and do well if given enough time and support.
All students can learn and each is unique.
All students can learn and have an equal right to a high quality education.
All students can learn and have an equal right to high-quality education.
All students can learn and have talents and abilities worth developing.
All students can learn and have the right to learn.
All students can learn and learning is a lifelong process.
All students can learn and possess the potential to be contributing members of society.
All students can learn and succeed in science classes.
All students can learn and succeed in science.
All students can learn and succeed, although in different ways and at an individual pace.
All students can learn and succeed, including the mastery of challenging concepts and processes.
All students can learn and succeed.
All students can learn and want to be the best students they can be.
All students can learn at high levels of personal achievement.
All students can learn at high levels.
All students can learn at higher levels.
ALL students can learn at higher levels.
All students can learn at significantly higher levels.
All students can learn basic skills and achieve high standards.
All students can learn effectively given sufficient time and appropriate support.
All students can learn given appropriate support, resources, and time.
All students can learn given the right classroom environment.
All students can learn languages.
All students can learn mathematics through a coherent and comprehensive curriculum.
All students can learn regardless of their ethnic or cultural background.
All students can learn sometime .
All students can learn the essential skills.
All students can learn through a variety of student- focused, instructional approaches.
All students can learn to mathematically.
All students can learn to read.
All students can learn to think mathematically.
All students can learn what is taught.
All students can learn when encouraged to do so.
All students can learn when instruction meets their individual needs.
All students can learn when their emotional, physical, nutritional and intellectual needs are met.
All students can learn when there are high expectations and when individual needs are met.
All students can learn when they have appropriate opportunities for success.
All students can learn, achieve, and succeed.
All students can learn, although at different rates and in different styles.
All students can learn, and each individual can make a positive difference.
All students can learn, and have the opportunity to learn.
All students can learn, and learning is a lifelong process.
All students can learn, and learning is a shared, life-long process.
All students can learn, and the school makes the difference between success and failure.
All students can learn, and their knowledge and performance count.
All students can learn. . . .
All students can learn. .
All students can learn.
All Students Can Learn.
ALL students can learn.
All students can make sense of mathematics when it's developed in meaningful and interesting ways.
All students can make unlimited local calls without charge.
All students can meet with success.
All students can now do every control experiment in their own time.
All students can obtain e-mail and computer accounts without additional charge.
All students can obtain Internet accounts free of charge.
All students can opt to have the BA degree certificate without the single or double major notations.
ALL students can participate in our retreats, camps, trips and mission adventures.
All students can participate.
All students can PAY by telephone.
All students can play the part of tutor or tutee.
All students can post a notice here of spare rooms to fill up a house or flat.
All students can profit from the semester in London programs.
All students can put money on their account.
All students can read and post comments.
All students can receive training in IT skills.
All students can register for any one, two, three or four weeks of the program in any combination.
All students can register, drop or add classes by telephone.
All students can remember the first quarter of their freshman year.
All students can repeat a course for a change of grade.
All students can rise to the challenge.
ALL students can see ALL files in the shared area.
All students can see the tutor in full motion, but the tutor is unable to see the students.
All students can select courses within any of three clusters.
All students can send and receive email in the computer labs.
All students can show kind and caring behavior.
All students can show what they know, and all responses can be saved for review and assessment.
All students can succeed when placed in the appropriate academic environment.
All students can succeed.
All Students can succeed.
All students can successfully learn, think and achieve.
All students can successfully use essential mathematics in a way that is challenging and empowering.
All students can take advantage of the organizations that meet their own needs and interests.
All students can think and learn.
All students can try out at various times of the year for basketball, volleyball, and soccer.
All students can use computers in the library or in any of several public use computer labs.
All students can use information technology resources, applications and tools effectively.
All students can use it.
All students can use the central university systems and PC laboratories.
All students can use the extensive university student computing facilities.
All students can use the fitness center and computer lab in their residence hall area.
All students can use the graphing calculator as a way to check their work.
All students can use the online information system any time of the day and from any location.
All students can work directly with the master advisor.
All students can work independently.
All students can work toward achievement of the provincial learning outcomes.
All students carry a minimum of four subjects.
All students carry out a final-year research project, working alongside qualified research workers.
All students carry out a project and present a dissertation on their work.
All students carry out an extensive research project in their final year.
All students carry out research for at least one year.
All students change classrooms and teachers with each academic course.
All students check graphs for proper labeling of the axes and a title for the graph.
All students choose a German-language literary work from any period or genre to work on.
All students choose a minor in communications, business or women s studies.
All students choose a special subject.
All students choose at least one course from two of the three areas below.
All students choose courses from each of the three main areas of study.
All students choose from the same set of modules.
All students choose one specialization elective to customize their certification program.
All students choose their won project, usually some type of garment, and work at their own pace.
All students choose three subjects in their first year.
All students choose two Elective Studios for the duration of the program.
All students combine a strong interest in European affairs with outstanding academic credentials.
All students combine a strong interest in security issues with excellent academic credentials.
All students combine internships with traditional university coursework.
All students come from western North Carolina.
All students come on personal recommendation.
All students come to Appleton for class.
All students come to learn.
All students come to the library every week for lessons, read alouds and book exchanges.
All students come to their English lessons with their own learning strategies.
All students come to understand the key principles on which the study is based.
All students commencing postgraduate coursework degrees are liable for tuition fees.
All students commit to the project timeline and to developing a quality product.
All students communicate with each other and instructors through an electronic computer network.
All students commute daily because neither campus provides dormitories.
All students commute to school.
All students commute to their classes directly from their homes or from their places of employment.
All students compete against others in their age group.
All students compete in a school-wide preliminary.
All students compete in all ten events.
All students compete in local meets.
All students compete in the National Geographic Geography Bee.
All students complain, few, however, do so as frequently as post-graduate students.
All students complete a capstone experience at the end of their graduate studies.
All students complete a capstone experience.
All students complete a common core curriculum.
All students complete a core curriculum, yet tailor their work to achieve personal goals.
All students complete a core of courses designed for faith formation and ministry development.
All students complete a core of coursework in exercise science, sport studies and health science.
All students complete a core sequence of six courses.
All students complete a cross-cultural requirement and consulting experience with a mentor company.
All students complete a cross-cultural requirement and work with a mentor company.
All students complete a dissertation based on an original inquiry.
All students complete a dissertation in their final year, focusing on a particular area of interest.
All students complete a dissertation on a subject of their choice.
All students complete a field placement in a substance abuse treatment facility.
All students complete a field project or equivalent experience in the final year of the program.
All students complete a film up to the answer print stage.
All students complete a four-course morality and values sequence within the curriculum.
All students complete a group project.
All students complete a major project.
All students complete a midterm, term paper, and final examination.
All students complete a minor in global studies.
All students complete a Ph.D. dissertation based on original research.
All students complete a portfolio showcasing their professional skills. .
All students complete a practical exam and oral defense .
All students complete a practical work-based project in the final year of their studies.
All students complete a practicum and an internship.
All students complete a pre-practicum, a practicum, and an internship.
All students complete a professional portfolio or resume tape showcasing their specific job skills.
All students complete a program to develop computer literacy.
All students complete a project in their final year.
All students complete a reflective paper at the end of each module.
All students complete a required core of nine courses.
All students complete a required research project in collaboration with another student.
All students complete a research- based thesis.
All students complete a research intern program.
All students complete a research methodology course and an Honors thesis.
All students complete a research or library thesis in accordance with university regulations.
All students complete a research paper.
All students complete a research project in psychology and four further modules.
All students complete a senior project as part of their course of study.
All students complete a senior project or internship as part of their course of study.
All students complete a senior project.
All students complete a senior thesis.
All students complete a specific set of courses during the four years.
All students complete a technical project during the final year of the programme.
All students complete a thesis project working with their major professor and committee.
All students complete a three-year sequence consisting of core and cognate courses.
All students complete a two-course core sequence in the context of education.
All students complete a two-semester statistics course.
All students complete a year-long undergraduate thesis.
All students complete an academic research project in conjunction with the field experience.
All students complete an independent research project or internship.
All students complete an individual research project.
All students complete an instructor-designed workbook.
All students complete an internship during their junior or senior year.
All students complete an internship with an agency or company that deals with water resources.
All students complete an internship.
All students complete and defend a dissertation based on an original inquiry.
All students complete at least two semesters working in their field of study before graduation.
All students complete common first and second year programs.
All students complete community service work during the two-year residency.
All students complete core course requirements including a counseling internship.
All students complete core courses.
All students complete courses in cultural diversity as a graduation requirement.
All students complete coursework in communication theory and research methods.
All students complete coursework in each area of dietetics practice.
All students complete entry testing in reading and mathematics during orientation.
All students complete four courses in the methodology field.
All students complete practicum training with inpatient and outpatient agencies.
All students complete senior projects.
All students complete some aspect of a project that involves writing.
All students complete ten one-term courses within five years.
All students complete the capstone project.
All students complete the core courses, one primary area and one supporting area.
All students complete the first three core courses listed in the Course Catalog .
All students complete the first two courses and then make choices among the remaining courses.
All students complete the research.
All students complete the same Nursing Leadership Core.
All students complete their clinical experience under the guidance of a graduate advisor.
All students complete three required computer science courses and a master s project course.
All students complete twelve professional courses as specified by each department.
All students complete two papers, assigned by section instructor, and three in-class tests.
All students complete two to three hours of homework each night to reinforce study skills.
All students completing a course successfully receive a personalised diploma.
All students completing our course receive a diploma.
All students completing the major are able to select from several job offers in the field.
All students completing the program are eligible for registry in respiratory care.
All students completing two semesters are eligible to write for the journal.
All students completing undergraduate degree requirements receive the bachelor of science.
All students comprise a small society with the teacher at the head of it.
All students concentrate on localizing national stories for the service's subscribers.
All students concentrate on the action of the scene the entire time.
All students conclude their work with an integrative capstone seminar.
All students conduct a full mock-jury trial at the conclusion of the course.
All students conduct a major independent study project.
All students conduct an independent study project.
All students conduct individual research and prepare a paper or project.
All students conduct learning experiments during class and provide interpretation of results.
All students conduct research as part of their course work.
All students consult frequently with the staff for assistance with their work.
All students continue and extend their high school showcase portfolios.
All students continue their acting work as well.
All students continue to do the basic step until they are tapped and have to race around the circle.
All Students Continue to network, interview, and evaluate job offers as appropriate.
All students continue to pursue advanced study and practice within their area.
All students continue with modules in modern German language .
All students contract for rooms for the full academic year.
All students contribute to database.
All students contribute to the school web site in multiple ways.
All students copy the story in their own journals.
All students create a study plan for electives in consultation with a faculty advisor.
All students create and maintain a portfolio to track their progress.
All students currently have the right to pray in school.
All students currently hold either teaching or research assistantships.
All students currently registered in an Ontario university are welcome to come out.
All students dance for a minimum of four and a half hours each day.
All students deal with stressful events as they mature.
All students demonstrate that they can work effectively with others.
All students demonstrate their knowledge of basic child health and child care skills.
All students demonstrate their skills of communicating, negotiating and cooperating with others.
All students demonstrate use of the singing voice by performing alone and with others .
All students deserve a balanced mathematics curriculum that provides both challenge and application.
All students deserve a chance to be trusted with responsibility.
All students deserve a complete, quality educational experience.
All students deserve a just quality of life.
All students deserve a meaningful and relevant curriculum.
All students deserve a physically and emotionally safe environment.
All students deserve a quality education.
All students deserve a quality public education.
All students deserve a safe environment.
All students deserve a safe place to learn.
All students deserve a safe, healthy, and modern place to learn.
All students deserve a safe, nurturing, and pleasant environment in which to learn.
All students deserve a safe, undisrupted ride to and from school.
All students deserve a wide array of options.
All students deserve access to the arts through creation, performance and study.
All students deserve access to the rich education and understanding that the arts provide.
All students deserve an adult advocate.
All students deserve an equal chance to succeed.
All students deserve an equal opportunity to own a laptop computer.
All students deserve an equal opportunity to participate in the educational partnership.
All students deserve an equitable opportunity to succeed.
All students deserve an opportunity to understand the power and beauty of mathematics.
All students deserve challenging, rewarding, and relevant curriculum and co-curricular activities.
All students deserve education in dance.
All students deserve equal access to educational technology.
All students deserve equal access to quality educational opportunities.
All students deserve equal opportunity.
ALL students deserve exceptionally trained and prepared educators.
All students deserve fair, consistent, clear academic expectations and grading.
All students deserve high expectations based on their personal best performance or potential.
All students deserve open access to the curriculum.
All students deserve opportunities to explore their interests in the world of work.
All students deserve quality library resources and services.
All students deserve respect.
All students deserve safe and well-disciplined schools.
All students deserve the best education they can receive.
All students deserve the necessary supports to succeed.
All students deserve the opportunity to develop individualized career plans.
All students deserve the opportunity to develop their problem-solving ability.
All students deserve the opportunity to earn a college diploma.
All students deserve the opportunity to learn in a welcoming environment.
All students deserve the opportunity to learn.
All students deserve the opportunity to practice and get feedback on their thinking skills.
All students deserve the opportunity to receive a college education.
All students deserve the power to overlook the money.
All students deserve the right to practice their religions and beliefs.
All students deserve to be appreciated for their inherent learning style.
All students deserve to be treated the way coaches treat student athletes.
All students deserve to be treated with respect and dignity.
All students deserve to feel emotionally safe.
All students deserve to have dreams.
All students deserve to have educators who are held to high standards of ethical professionalism.
All students design a parallel algorithm to solve a particular problem.
All students design and complete a multimedia project over the course of the fourth grade year.
All students design and conduct a research project that investigates an area of societal concern.
All students design and produce a newspaper with all entries.
All students develop a comprehensive knowledge of their specialized teaching fields.
All students develop and apply new skills.
All students develop basic computer skills.
All students develop basic workplace skills in writing, math and interpersonal communications.
All students develop clinical, scientific, theoretical, and social skills.
All students develop experience in negotiating and understanding different cultures.
All students develop original curriculum materials that have application to their classrooms.
All students develop pride and responsibility.
All students develop proficiency in both languages.
All students develop proficiency in English.
All students develop proficiency with the placement of endosseous dental implants.
All students differ, therefore there has to be a variety of teaching methods.
All students discuss strategies to use to complete the puzzle.
All students do a cross-cultural education internship , usually during a semester abroad.
All students do a written and an oral assessment.
All students do all rotations sites.
All students do exactly what the teacher decides.
All students do half a day a week with a local employer who is operating in their chosen field.
All students do laboratory sciences.
All students do preliminary studies in clay using both techniques.
All students do so at their own choosing.
All students do something which is related to their degree or their personal career interests.
All students do the same individual projects in open laboratories.
All students do the work of the assignment in the same way.
All students do three exhibitions a year to which their parents, mentors and friends are invited.
All students dorm, but are required to go home on weekends.
All students dress for activity each day unless directed otherwise by the teacher.
All students drink.
All students earn a minor in business administration.
All students eat hot lunch at school, which is delivered to each school from a school-lunch center.
All students eat in a common dining area, facilitating meetings of the many campus organizations.
All students eat in a supervised cafeteria.
All students eat in our cafeteria.
All students eat in the cafeteria.
All students eat in the villa family style.
All students eat in their respective desks.
All students eat lunch in the hallways.
All students effectively use computers as part of their educational program.
All students elect either a course in Native dance or aerobics.
All students emphasize the collective success of the group.
All students engage in a wide range of landscape planning and design work.
All students engage in a year long senior research thesis.
All students engage in hands-on math and science activities and work in small groups.
All students engage in joyful learning provided by an enriched, threat-free environment.
All students engage in laboratory and field work.
All students engage in original research under supervision of a faculty member.
All students engage in original research.
All students enjoy access to an expansive library, computer lab, and study areas.
All students enjoy access to an expansive library, computer labs, and study areas.
All students enjoy access to E-mail and the Internet.
All students enjoy attending school.
All students enjoy free admission to varsity sports and have premium athletic membership privileges.
All students enjoy high-speed access to the Internet from the computer labs and dorm rooms.
All students enjoy special classes outside of their regular curriculum.
All students enjoy the constitutional guarantee of free speech.
All students enjoy the project, but it really seems to reach the at-risk kids.
All students enjoy the same borrowing privileges and reference services.
All students enjoy the same field excursions and guest lectures.
All students enroll in a thesis or research project course.
All students enroll in an integrative capstone course during their final semester.
All students enroll in required seminar courses.
All students enroll in the pre-major in biology before choosing one of the specialized majors.
All students enroll in the same classes in the late afternoons or evenings.
All students enter and leave through the front door.
All students enter as juniors.
All students enter as transfers.
All students enter on probation.
All students enter school with a unique set of needs.
All students enter the lower division when the psychology major is declared.
All students enter the program as pre-criminal status.
All students enter the program during the summer term.
All students enter the program in the fall and spend four semesters in residence.
All students enter the program on a probationary status.
All students enter the programs in the capstone review paper track.
All students entering nursing programs in Alberta can finish with a degree or a diploma.
All students entering our certification program do their clinical field experience in three phases.
All students enthusiastically participate.
All students establish and maintain their own website.
All students evaluate the web-sites and seminars of their peers.
All students evaluate their course work at the end of the second and forth years.
All students eventually pass.
All students excel academically, with a primary focus on reading, writing and mathematics.
ALL students exercise leadership.
All students experience academic difficulties at some point in their educational programs.
All students experience difficulties at some point of time.
All students experience difficulties with some subjects.
All students experience hands-on work in a progressive manner.
All students experience placement in two contrasting schools.
All students experience three different activities.
All students experience transition differently.
All students experience various stages of physical, cognitive, social and emotional development.
All students experiencing difficulty with a course are eligible and encouraged to apply.
All students explain the relationship among science, technology and society.
All students explain the relationships among science, technology and society.
All students explore career clusters based upon their developing interests and abilities.
All students explore choices when making music .
All students face challenges in achieving success in the post-secondary system.
All students face decisions about selecting a major and planning a career.
All students face many challenges as they make the transition to collegiate life.
All students feel lonely sometimes or have no one to play with.
All students feel respected and safe.
All students feel they are a needed part of a larger whole.
All students fill half of their milk cartons with soil.
All Students fill out Student Payroll Forms during the first meeting of each year.
All students find acceptance and support for learning in their unique ways.
All students find professional employment rapidly following graduation.
All students find something to broaden their horizons and add to their educational experience.
All students find success through guided drawing instruction.
All students find the LE motivating, challenging, and engaging.
All students first borrow from the federal subsidized loan program.
All students first meet with an intake counsellor to discuss individual needs.
All students first read text material that usually covers a chapter or unit.
All students focus on one of the specialty areas listed below.
All students follow a core curriculum in mixed-attainment groups.
All students follow a five-period block schedule at the beginning of second period each school day.
All students follow a series of core courses in political science and economics.
All students follow a similar curriculum with increased intensity as skill levels rise.
All students follow an academic program with a liberal arts core.
All students follow an activity based curriculum.
All students follow courses in the Spanish language which are of a broadly communicative nature.
All students follow integrative core courses encompassing business policy and strategic management.
All students follow the same course outline for the core curriculum.
All students follow the same curriculum.
All students follow the same official course complaint and grievance procedures.
All students follow the same program during the first two years.
All students follow the U.S. program of studies.
All students follow their base school subjects as closely as possible while detained.
All students follow two options from the courses offered.
All students following courses in experimental phonetics use the laboratory.
All students fulfill a community service requirement each year.
All students function as chaplains in the system as well as students of pastoral care.
All students gain access by swiping a pre-registered identity card.
All students gain experience of working in at least five different schools.
All students gain heightened awareness and sensitivity that forms the basis for mutual respect.
All students gain heightened awareness and sensitivity which forms the basis for mutual respect.
All students gain internal and social strengths and see themselves as valued citizens of the school.
All students gain practical experience in the classroom during one semester as student teachers.
All students gain practical experience through a combination of internships and practica.
All students gain some benefit from service learning.
All students gain teaching experience as part of their graduate training.
All students gain the heightened awareness and sensitivity that forms the basis for mutual respect.
All students gain valuable experience through internships and part-time employment.
All students get a copy of their show to take home.
All students get a discount.
All students get alumni mentors.
All students get an e-mail account.
All students get an e-mail address and access to the internet.
All students get an e-mail address and access to the Internet.
All students get classes in physical education and health.
All students get classes in physical education.
All students get equal access to the same information and the same content.
All students get experience with oral presentation of material in one or more upper level seminars.
All students get guidance on a regular basis.
All students get personal computers with software and printers as part of their tuition.
All students get regular computer instruction in our computer lab.
All students get the same grade they got last year.
All students get their picture taken.
All students get to be a part of each show in one way or another.
All students get to know the three teachers.
All students get to meet with a counselor to discuss next years schedule.
All students get valuable experience working on our research project.
All students give an oral report.
All students give presentations in every class period.
All students give seminars to obtain experience in the presentation of scientific material.
All students go directly to their classroom door to line up.
All students go home on the weekends.
All students go outside for recess and noon hour, weather permitting.
All students go shopping and spend money.
All students go through a metal detector, and that sets the tone.
All students go through a transition period from childhood to adolescence.
All students go through an internship sequence during their tenure at the school.
All students go through an online interactive orientation.
All students go through an orientation and training process to become familiar with the system.
All students go to school a half day and work at a paying or volunteer job a half day.
All students go to the cafeteria when they arrive at school.
All students go to the countryside to teach the population reading and writing.
All students going to Washington needs to attend.
All students graduate as a literate adult.
All students graduate as business majors.
All students graduate from high school.
All students graduate with a quality education, prepared for the challenges life has to offer.
All students graduate with skills in computer software application and Internet access.
All students graduating from the program receive a Bachelor of Arts degree.
All students have a checking account accessed by personal checks which they have created.
All students have a common law duty of care towards others.
All students have a common point of entry into the graduate program.
All students have a contribution to make.
All students have a criminal record check completed before attending the preschool.
All students have a desire to belong.
All students have a directory set aside for their web pages.
All students have a due date stamped in the front of their books.
All students have a faculty advisor.
All students have a federal constitutional right to equal protection under the law.
All students have a folder containing their paragraphs.
All students have a half-hour lunch period and a fifteen minute recess each day.
All students have a history.
All students have a home room for the purpose of guidance and counseling.
All students have a key to their own room, and to the outside door if needed.
All students have a large financial burden at the beginning of the semester.
All students have a learning process that is different and requires particular kinds of support.
All students have a limited amount of time in which to read and prepare their lessons.
All students have a location to publish personal web pages as well.
All students have a mailbox on the campus net.
All students have a major field of study.
All students have a mentor and are encouraged to participate in all laboratory activities.
All students have a mentor at their school to monitor their academic progress.
All students have a mentor tutorial course each year.
All students have a morbid interest in the dangers or lethal character of the machine.
All students have a period of art each week.
All students have a period of work experience.
All students have a personal tutor for support and guidance.
All students have a personal tutor responsible for their welfare.
All students have a personal tutor who is available for advice and support throughout their studies.
All students have a personal tutor, whom they meet with regularly.
All students have a personal tutor, with a different tutor in each year of a course.
All students have a planner that they take home with their homework assignment.
All students have a private electronic mail account and access to the Internet.
All students have a private voice mailbox.
All Students have a regular school day.
All students have a responsibility to ensure that their assignment solutions are their own work.
All students have a responsibility to refrain from creating damage and vandalism.
All students have a responsibility to respect and contribute to the learning environment.
All students have a right of access to and confidentiality of their educational records.
All students have a right to a complete, balanced mathematics program.
All students have a right to a healthy and safe learning environment.
All students have a right to a safe, comfortable, and positive learning environment.
All students have a right to a sound basic education.
All students have a right to appeal decisions to successively higher authority.
All students have a right to attend school without being subjected to profane language.
All students have a right to campus housing free of sexual or physical intimidation.
All students have a right to participate in public education.
All students have a right to safety and courtesy.
All students have a second supervisor, to whom they can also turn for guidance and advice.
All students have a snack break in mid-morning.
All students have a study hour each day.
All students have a summer reading and writing assignment that is due the first week of school.
All students have a supervisor who conducts small-group supervisions on statistics modules.
All students have a tutoring professor.
All students have a valuable contribution to make towards what is produced within a classroom.
All students have a visual impairment and learning difficulties ranging from moderate to profound.
All students have a voice in choosing sessions that are appropriate to their needs.
All students have a voice in shaping the quality of their life and their professional education.
All students have a work experience placement.
All students have a Z account.
All students have access to a career center on campus.
All students have access to a department computer lab.
All students have access to a free e-mail account supplied by the college.
All students have access to a fully equipped darkroom and photographic studio.
All students have access to a fully furnished wood shop for frame construction and other projects.
All students have access to a library, computer lab, theater, student union and two dining rooms.
All students have access to a personal folder on the school's server. .
All students have access to a pool of computers.
All students have access to a system of sending and receiving messages from all over the world.
All students have access to a variety of learning experiences and materials.
All students have access to a voice mailbox.
All students have access to academic advisement.
All students have access to all programs.
All students have access to appropriate vocational programs regardless of their special needs.
All students have access to Arabic software and Internet services all over campus.
All students have access to both libraries.
All students have access to classroom computers and the school's computer lab.
All students have access to classroom computers as well as a modern computer lab.
All students have access to computer facilities, including the Internet.
All students have access to computers and other forms of instructional technology.
All students have access to computers and other technology throughout the day.
All students have access to computers and the internet as appropriate.
All students have access to computers in the classroom.
All students have access to computers in the classrooms.
All students have access to computers in their classrooms.
All students have access to computing facilities with statistical and specialist software.
All students have access to current materials and information.
All students have access to education.
All students have access to electronic mail and the Internet.
All students have access to e-mail accounts and Internet facilities.
All students have access to e-mail already.
All students have access to e-mail and both local and remote access to Internet services.
All students have access to e-mail and the internet.
All students have access to e-mail and the Internet.
All students have access to email and the internet.
All students have access to e-mail in one of the three computer labs.
All students have access to e-mail through their computer accounts.
All students have access to e-mail via the campus system.
All students have access to e-mail.
All students have access to excellent libraries and both language and computing facilities.
All students have access to first class library and computing services.
All students have access to good computing facilities.
All students have access to high quality mathematics programs.
All students have access to Internet and E-mail.
All students have access to internet facilities, e-mail, and computer networks.
All students have access to music, library, physical education, and computer lab.
All students have access to personal computers as well as multimedia hardware and software.
All students have access to relevant professional software and databases.
All students have access to shared kitchen facilities for self-catering.
All students have access to support services on campus.
All students have access to technology education and equipment.
All students have access to the campus computer lab and peer tutoring.
All students have access to the campus mainframe for research, data analysis, internet, and e-mail.
All students have access to the central computing facility.
All students have access to the college s impressive library and computing services.
All students have access to the computer lab at least once a week.
All students have access to the computer lab, and assistance is available.
All students have access to the computer systems for course assignments and essays.
All students have access to the computers on campus.
All students have access to the economics graduate student computer lab.
All students have access to the golf course.
All students have access to the Internet and E-mail.
All students have access to the Internet and use of e-mail accounts at the computer center.
All students have access to the Internet today.
All students have access to the Internet via the computers in the library resources area.
All students have access to the Internet, as well as their own e-mail account.
All students have access to the Internet, network storage, e-mail and web publishing.
All students have access to the Internet.
All students have access to the job boards, which post current part-time openings.
All students have access to the learning center, library and computer lab.
All students have access to the library and a writing center on campus.
All students have access to the library.
All students have access to the practice rooms.
All students have access to the resources of both schools, regardless of their majors.
All students have access to the resources on the Internet.
All students have access to the same hardware and software.
All students have access to the school network and also have access to the Internet and email.
All students have access to the school's computer labs, e-mail, and the Internet.
All students have access to the seventeen libraries on campus.
All students have access to the sports facilities.
All students have access to their own secure file space.
All students have access to Unity labs on campus.
All students have access to virtually unlimited free parking.
All students have access to voice mail, and each student has a personal voice mailbox.
All students have access to voice mail.
All students have accounts at the university computer laboratory.
All students have accounts on the network and full Internet access.
All students have accounts on the new system.
All students have accounts set up when they register for classes.
All students have accounts with e-mail and access to the Internet.
All students have active email accounts.
All students have all intelligences.
All students have ample opportunities to engage in research together with a faculty mentor.
All students have an academic counselor and an education faculty adviser.
All students have an account number and computer access.
All students have an account on alinga.
All students have an active phone line in their room.
All students have an advisor whom they see regularly in Advisory.
All students have an approved subject of their term paper.
All students have an assigned school based on family residence location.
All students have an assignment sheet in the front of their math notebook.
All students have an e-mail account and access to the internet.
All students have an e-mail account and access to the Internet.
All students have an email account and free use of the internet for academic and research purposes.
All students have an e-mail account.
All students have an e-mail address through campus.
All students have an English assessment and an interview with a member of the lecturing staff.
All students have an enrichment class in the afternoon.
All students have an equal chance of receiving their first hall choice.
All students have an equal opportunity to take the courses they want.
All students have an identification number and absences are simply an event.
All students have an Individualized Student Improvement Plan.
All students have an instructional, weekly library class.
All students have an intellectual disability.
All students have an obligation to their community, nation, and the world.
All students have an opportunity for project work in their final year.
All students have an opportunity to gain hands-on experience through internships.
All students have an opportunity to participate in exploratories and elective classes.
All students have an opportunity to purchase specially selected quality books for their enjoyment.
All students have an opportunity to take textbooks home.
All students have appropriate textbooks.
All students have artwork displayed in the hallways of the school.
All students have at least seven years to repay the loan.
All students have at least two foreign languages, English is compulsory for everybode.
All students have automatic access to their student union.
All students have available individual or group counseling on an as needed basis.
All students have basic vocational training, which is given in secondary education.
All students have borrowing privileges at all three CCSN campus libraries.
All students have campus post office boxes.
All students have career awareness and development beginning in the elementary grades.
All students have cc addresses.
All students have chances to perform and performing is always optional.
All students have clients of their own at a local school or agency.
All students have close contact with a personal tutor.
All students have computer accounts with access to Internet and electronic mail.
All students have computer class in the lab once per week.
All students have computer classes and use computers as needed in their classwork.
All students have daily access to classroom computers and computer laboratories.
All students have daily rhythm, technique and an ensemble instruc-tion.
All students have desktop computers and receive annual support to attend conferences.
All students have desktop workstations.
All students have different motivation and skill levels.
All students have different styles of learning and different preferences and needs.
All students have dignity and worth.
All students have dignity, unique talents and are entitled to mutual respect.
All students have direct network and cable TV connections in their residences.
All students have double majors .
All students have dreams.
All students have easy access to computers and individual e-mail accounts.
All students have easy access to email and to the Internet throughout their studies.
All students have easy and confidential access to counselors.
All students have either a job, a sport or an activity every day.
All students have either group or individual lessons.
All students have electronic mail accounts.
All students have e-mail accounts for interaction with instructors.
All students have EMail accounts on the school server.
All students have e-mail accounts provided by the university.
All students have email accounts, personal voice mail accounts and free telephones in the rooms .
All students have e-mail accounts, personal voice mail accounts, and free telephones in their rooms.
All students have e-mail accounts.
All students have E-mail accounts.
All students have email accounts.
All students have email addresses.
All students have e-mail.
All students have enrichment opportunities at centers that focus on concepts or skills.
All students have equal access and opportunities to participate in extracurricular activities.
All students have equal access to all the machines in the basement.
All students have equal access to appropriate and sufficient equipment, supplies, and technology.
All students have equal access to assessment services provided by school psychologists.
All students have equal access to educational opportunities.
All students have equal access to learning equipment and technology.
All students have equal access to learning.
All students have equal access to the character and the group work is evaluated for content.
All students have equal access to the regular education program.
All students have equal access to valued knowledge in all school classes and activities.
All students have equal opportunities to learn.
All students have equal opportunity to a clearly defined, well balanced quality education.
All students have equal rights to counseling and training.
All students have faculty advisors.
All students have familiarity with computer word processing.
All students have financial woes.
All students have fine single rooms with all facilities.
All students have free access to e-mail and the Internet.
All students have free access to email and the Internet.
All students have free access to open computer laboratories, where Internet and email is available.
All students have free access to the campus student health care facilities.
All students have free access to the health service as part of their enrollment.
All students have free access to the Internet via the lab computers.
All students have free access to the Internet.
All students have free access to the micro computers center and to the internet.
All students have free e-mail access.
All students have free internet access.
All students have free use of the computer labs.
All students have free uses of phones in the school to obtain a ride home.
All students have full access to Internet.
All students have full access to the Internet, subject only to the rules of acceptable behaviour.
All students have full Internet access.
All students have full set of training kit, supplemental notes and exam questions review.
All students have full-time faculty as academic advisors.
All students have good potential for growth.
All students have great potential if their unique style of learning can be identified and developed.
All students have greater flexibility for working both independently and collaboratively.
All students have gym at least once a week.
All students have hands-on computer experience and enjoy environmental studies.
All students have health insurance.
All students have in-class access, as well as after school access, to a computer lab.
All students have individual educational and care plans.
All students have individual faculty advisers.
All students have individual lab experience each week with a computer specialist.
All students have individual log-on password.
All students have individual programs tailored to their special needs.
All students have individual sets of instructional materials and textbooks.
All students have interests and abilities to contribute to their university.
All students have international experience.
All students have Internet access.
All students have Internet and e-mail access.
All students have Internet and e-mail and numerous computer labs are located throughout the campus.
All students have internships in their senior year.
All students have keys to the main entrance electronic locks.
All students have knowledge of marketing.
All students have lab and studio training which stress basic competency skill levels.
All students have laptop computers to facilitate a multimedia program outlining methodology.
All students have laptops and utilize predominantly online textbook resources.
All students have learning differences typically combined with average cognitive abilities.
All students have log-in codes and access to space on the mainframe.
All students have measurable goals.
All students have medical insurance and their own spending money.
All students have music and art throughout the academic year and physical education twice a week.
All students have music class taught by a music specialist for thirty minutes every second day.
All students have no problem using nothing but hard solder with in the first few hours of the class.
All students have notebook computers and web page accounts.
All students have notebook computers, printers, and software.
All students have one elective course, some have two.
All students have one hand on any wall, facing the wall.
All students have one hour of general music each week.
All students have one scheduled class period a week for computer instruction in the Computer Lab.
All students have ONE VOTE - including the candidates.
All students have open-stack access.
All students have opportunities to achieve at high levels.
All students have opportunities to attend local swimming pools weekly.
All students have opportunities to balance learning by thinking with learning by doing.
All students have opportunities to expand their skills through extracurricular activities.
All students have opportunities to learn in both large and small groupings.
All students have opportunities to participate in jazz, percussion and contemporary music ensembles.
All students have opportunities to perform.
All students have opportunities to receive nutritious meals in school.
All students have personal internet email accounts.
All students have personal Web pages.
All students have physical education and music twice a week.
All students have physical education or health one period daily.
All students have POP email boxes.
All students have potential, they can reach it if they are given enough support and direction.
All students have pressure from parents, significant family members, peers, scholarships, grades.
All students have professional background.
All students have psychological counseling available at least four times a year.
All students have questions about their ability to succeed and graduate.
All students have really tough schedules and a lot of work to keep up with.
All students have regular contact with the resident staff.
All students have regular tutorials and reviews, as well as having termly reports.
All students have representatives through class elections.
All students have responsibilities.
All students have rights and responsibilities in our changing electronic community.
All students have rights, privileges and obligations.
All students have roles in each scenario.
All students have school records.
All students have self-worth and are treated equally.
All students have single rooms with individual shower.
All students have six months to complete the course from the time they first log in.
All students have small, blue recycling containers in their rooms.
All students have soft and hard skills.
All students have some difficulties with school and are in danger of dropping out.
All students have some sort of leadership capabilities, some more than others.
All students have something positive to add to a classroom environment.
All students have something worthwhile to say.
All students have space available on a student Web server.
All students have special needs, although some are more unique than others.
All students have special talents and abilities to grasp abstract concepts symbols, and ideas.
All students have spreadsheets on their disks to record date and prices when books are sold.
All students have strong basic computer skills and knowledge of many software packages.
All students have strong support from their family to do well at school.
All students have talents and abilities that are worth developing.
All students have telephones in their rooms.
All students have the ability to learn and be successful.
All students have the ability to learn and have worth as individuals.
All students have the ability to learn at continuously higher levels.
All students have the ability to learn.
All students have the benefit of performing in concerts held twice annually.
All students have the capability to forward their mail to another Internet account.
All students have the capacity to gain new knowledge through reading.
All students have the chance to enter because the categories are offering such diverse choices.
All students have the constitutional right to vote and hold office.
All students have the desire to succeed.
All students have the innate capacity to develop and practice leadership.
All students have the journal in school at all times.
All students have the needed time to do good work.
All students have the opportunity for growth and development.
All students have the opportunity to achieve high academic standards.
All students have the opportunity to achieve the highest standards they can.
All students have the opportunity to apply for programs in which they study or work abroad.
All students have the opportunity to be in class with a wide range of tutors and fellow students.
All students have the opportunity to become friends and partners in learning.
All students have the opportunity to check out library books weekly.
All students have the opportunity to develop feel capable in the classroom and school environment.
All students have the opportunity to earn extra credit, listen in class for more information.
All students have the opportunity to earn extra points to be added directly to the quarter grade.
All students have the opportunity to enhance their sporting qualifications.
All students have the opportunity to experience learning in the community.
All students have the opportunity to gain useful skills.
All students have the opportunity to graduate with honors in history.
All students have the opportunity to include an internship in their coursework.
All students have the opportunity to live with a Costa Rican family.
All students have the opportunity to make meaningful observations.
All students have the opportunity to move to a higher class as each level is mastered.
All students have the opportunity to participate in an after-school intramural program.
All students have the opportunity to participate in an overseas field trip in the second year.
All students have the opportunity to participate in extra-curricular science activities.
All students have the opportunity to participate in jazz combos.
All students have the opportunity to participate in senior research , and most do.
All students have the opportunity to participate.
All students have the opportunity to perform in at least one recital per year.
All students have the opportunity to perform in numerous recitals and concert situations.
All students have the opportunity to pursue a liberal arts minor.
All students have the opportunity to receive an e-mail account.
All students have the opportunity to succeed at something.
All students have the opportunity to take foundation courses .
All students have the opportunity to test their ideas about the staging of challenging scenes.
All students have the opportunity to travel to the annual Festival, held regionally.
All students have the opportunity to widen their horizons with a professional studies unit.
All students have the option of living off campus, but few study abroad students choose to do so.
All students have the option of participating in the international studies enrichment program.
All students have the option of paying tuition one term at a time.
All students have the option of payment by instalments.
All students have the option of purchasing a meal plan, or paying cash.
All students have the option of using the print accounting system.
All students have the option to file electronically.
All students have the option to learn more about the Native American culture.
All students have the option to participate at the same rates.
All students have the option to participate in a wide range of extra-curricular activities.
All students have the option to purchase up to three seats for the semester.
All Students have the option to study Spanish, French, German, Russian, Latin, Chinese and Greek.
All students have the option to take classes in lower-division military science.
All students have the potential for critical thinking.
All students have the potential to be great students.
All students have the potential to be motivated.
All students have the potential to benefit from effective instruction.
All students have the potential, with proper guidance, to achieve their goals.
All students have the privilege of having their own network account.
All students have the privilege of using the library media center for research and reading.
All students have the right to a learning environment that is gender equitable.
All students have the right to a physically and emotionally safe and secure environment.
All students have the right to a positive, supportive environment.
All students have the right to a purposeful, meaningful school curriculum.
All students have the right to a safe and drug free learning environment.
All students have the right to a safe learning environment.
All students have the right to a safe living environment.
All students have the right to a safe, clean, orderly and nurturing learning atmosphere.
All students have the right to a safe, healthy, and nurturing environment that encourages learning.
All students have the right to an education commensurate with their ability to learn.
All students have the right to an equal opportunity to learn.
All students have the right to appeal any aid decision.
All students have the right to appeal their scholarship status.
All students have the right to attend a school in which they can learn.
All students have the right to attend school in a safe and productive learning environment.
All students have the right to attend schools on campuses that are safe and secure.
All students have the right to be safe and secure while attending our nation's schools.
All students have the right to be taught.
All students have the right to challenge or appeal any step in the matriculation process.
All students have the right to decline to dissect .
All students have the right to equal opportunities for a successful learning environment.
All students have the right to expect a safe and healthy school environment.
All students have the right to feel safe in the classroom.
All students have the right to inspect and review their education records.
All students have the right to keep their disability confidential.
All students have the right to learn and be respected in a positive school climate.
All students have the right to learn at their own ability level and style.
All students have the right to learn equally rigorous content.
All students have the right to learn in an environment that is both emotionally and physically safe.
All students have the right to learn without interference from others.
All students have the right to learn.
All Students Have the Right to Learn.
All students have the right to obtain copies of their education records.
All students have the right to participate fully in decisions regarding their career education.
All students have the right to reach their full achievement potential.
All students have the right to religious freedom.
All students have the right to review their education records.
All students have the right to review their files.
All students have the right to see senior staff on any matter.
All students have the right to speak, and vote.
All students have the right to struggle.
All students have the right to the same education.
All students have the right to wait for the bus in a safe environment.
All students have the right, as United States citizens, to believe what they want to believe.
All students have the same access as live students do to the different class areas.
All students have the same access to classes taught at each county middle or high school.
All students have the same notebook and system for organizing their work.
All students have the same question on their minds the first day of school every year.
All students have the same type of username as described above.
All students have their own beds.
All students have their own box number for mail delivery.
All students have their own computer, with internet access.
All students have their own desks and secure access to the building at all times.
All students have their own e-mail accounts and access to the Internet.
All students have their own e-mail accounts.
All students have their own email accounts.
All students have their own e-mail address as well as access to the world wide web.
All students have their own email and Internet access in pursuit of their studies.
All students have their own email, network disk space, and personal web page space.
All students have their own key and are free to come and go as they please.
All students have their own library cards, which are kept in color-coded binders sorted by class.
All students have their own lockable bedrooms.
All students have their own login name and password for the campus network.
All students have their own medical insurance.
All students have their own private, single bedroom.
All students have their own room in converted barracks that feel more like a college dormitory.
All students have their own room, and are provided with breakfast and dinner daily.
All students have their own rooms while living with families.
All students have their own rooms with shower and toilet.
All students have their own workstations and are trained by experienced computer professionals.
All students have their own workstations.
All students have to answer three questions in all.
All students have to attend all courses in all three disciplines.
All students have to be able to meet the responsibilities of the position.
All students have to complete community service hours to graduate.
All students have to deal with stress in school.
All students have to demonstrate proficiency in a second language as a requirement for graduation.
All students have to do is commit themselves to their school work.
All students have to do is reply to campus-wide emails and be interviewed.
All students have to do is talk.
All students have to do to win is register each time that they eat breakfast.
All students have to fill in the placement forms.
All students have to leave the room at the time of closing.
All students have to live in the dormitory throughout the school years.
All students have to meet admission criteria.
All students have to participate in and support all activities of their team.
All students have to prove adequate health insurance.
All students have to read the assigned book chapters and papers before class.
All students have to register before the start of the course.
All students have to return to the start square.
All students have to see their parents sometime.
All students have to supply is a willing heart and their own food.
All students have to take a comprehensive placement test, both written and oral.
All students have to take a language placement exam before being registered in a course.
All students have to take at least one advanced course in economics or agricultural economics.
All students have to take examinations.
All students have to take the concepts test.
All students have to take the tests during the same time.
All students have to undergo a written examination.
All students have to worry about grades.
All students have to write papers.
All students have transition plans.
All students have tuition and fees paid, and in addition receive a stipend.
All students have unique mental, emotional, social, and physical needs.
All students have unlimited access to E-mail and Internet facilities.
All students have use of drafting tables during scheduled studio hours, after hours and on weekends.
All students have use of the gym and other recreation facilities.
All students have usernames and passwords to enter the system.
All students have value and are deserving of respect.
All students have value and are entitled to respect and dignity.
All students have value and are worthy of respect.
All students have vocal music on a regularly scheduled basis.
All students have voice mail.
All students have weaknesses of one kind of another.
All students have winter break and observe the legal holidays.
All students have work-based learning experiences.
All students have worth, dignity, and the capacity to learn cooperation and respect for others.
All students help and support each other in an inclusive classroom.
All students help out by bringing in their loose change to be sent to the organization for research.
All students here have a desire to learn.
All students here receive a high quality education.
All students hold assistantships in student affairs office.
All students hold up response cards for the teacher to see.
All students incur about the same direct educational costs.
All students interpret music through kinesthetic response.
All students involved are to be commended.
All students involved are to be congratulated on their work.
All students involved in such situations are subject to financial penalty and disciplinary action.
All students join together for art, music, physical education, karate and chapel.
All students judging dairy cattle are eligible to compete for the individual prizes.
All students keep a daily journal.
All students keep a portfolio of their work and monitor their growth.
All students keep personal portfolios and reflective journals.
All students know each other very well and have made great contacts for the future.
All students know they are subjected to constant evaluation.
All students know to put their assignments into the inbox when the work is due.
All students know what is in the syllabus for each class they take.
All students learn a common set of knowledge, skills, and abilities.
All students learn a multiple reading procedure to maximize comprehension and retention.
All students learn a second language without compromising their first language.
All students learn a second language.
All students learn about geometry, logic, probability and statistics, measurement and algebra.
All students learn about horses, their care, and grooming, as well as adaptive riding skills.
All students learn about phonics as part of learning to read.
All students learn about sponsoring companies.
All students learn about the different types of fiction and are introduced to a variety of authors.
All students learn and achieve to high standards.
All students learn and perform well under different circumstances.
All students learn at a different pace and with different explanations.
All students learn at a different speed and in different ways.
All students learn basic computer competency and job readiness skills.
All students learn better when they are recognized and valued.
All students learn both manual and computerized bookkeeping, as well as payroll procedures.
All students learn by doing.
All students learn communication and problem-solving skills important in life after high school.
All students learn communication skills essential for the helping professions.
All students learn different ways.
All students learn differently and benefit from individualized expectations.
All students learn differently.
All students learn each day's lesson in seven ways.
All students learn faster, remember longer, and score higher.
All students learn generally effective ways of analyzing issues and solving problems.
All students learn how psychology is relevant to educational issues.
All students learn how to build loan amortization tables on a spreadsheet.
All students learn how to use statistical package programs.
All students learn how to write r sum s, fill out job applications, and prepare for interviews.
All students learn in an environment which is safe, supportive, and enjoyable.
All students learn in both English and Spanish.
All students learn in different models.
All students learn math concepts that are typically well above their grade level.
All students learn Spanish beginning in kindergarten.
All students learn the vital darkroom and lab techniques, as well as camera and lighting skills.
All students learn through hands-on activities.
All students learn to compose, type, edit , and restructure their written work.
All students learn to converse in a second language.
All students learn to develop mathematical patterns and equations.
All students learn to do complex searches on the internet.
All students learn to paint and draw, beginning in the nursery.
All students learn to play the recorder.
All students learn to present seminars and journal clubs.
All students learn to read music.
All students learn to read on their own time schedule.
All students learn to shoot in the dark.
All students learn to swim.
All students learn to use computers.
All students learn to use the basic economic tools and master two specialized fields.
All students learn to use the resources available in the library.
All students learn to write and edit stories electronically, using modern computer techniques.
All students learn with other students on their grade level regardless of what language they speak.
All students leave class with their own training reference material.
All students leave from Chicago for Mexico City.
All students line up, highest ranking students to the left.
All students list their findings of the rising and setting time for a few days on the chalkboard.
All students live in a diverse and interdependent world.
All students live in a rural community near their clinical practice site.
All students live in air-conditioned residence halls.
All students live in apartments or with French families carefully selected by our staff.
All students live in hotels.
All students live in shared apartments in Brussels, splitting the rent and associated costs.
All students live in shared rooms on the campus.
All students live in single rooms in student dormitories equipped with kitchen facilities.
All students live in the homes of Spanish families in Barcelona.
All students live in the residence hall the first five days for orientation and start of classes.
All students live off campus.
All students live on campus as do nearly all of the faculty.
All students live on campus during their two-week stay.
All students live on campus in a private study-bedroom in a dormitory, or student village unit.
All students live on campus in one of five dormitories or two smaller student houses.
All students live on campus, attend classes, and explore campus life together.
All students live on campus.
All students live temporarily with a Japanese family.
All students live with Austrian families during the semester.
All students live with Brazilian hosts .
All students live with Brazilian hosts.
All students live with Chinese roommates and sign a language pledge.
All students live with families where they have two meals a day.
All students live with families, where they have two meals a day.
All students live with French-speaking family.
All students live with homestay families in the Kyoto area.
All students live with homestay families.
All students live with host families in Guayaquil, and two to three meals per day are provided.
All students live with involved and dedicated volunteer host families for part or all of that time.
All students live with involved and dedicated volunteer host families.
All students live within walking distance of the school.
All students living in campus housing have to sign a housing contract.
All students living in residence halls eat in our newly remodeled dining hall.
All students living in the city of Detroit, grades six through eighth are eligible.
All students living in the community are elgible to apply for scholarship awards.
All students living in university residence halls participate in a university meal plan.
All students living off campus are responsible for finding their own housing.
All students living on campus eat on one of the meal plans at the cafeteria.
All students living on campus have individual Internet access.
All students living on campus have the same address.
All students living on campus receive basic local telephone service.
All students living on the uptown campus have a free cable TV outlet in their residence hall rooms.
All Students look for evidences and write questions.
All students love playing teacher.
All students love slime.
All students love their physical education time.
All students maintain yearly writing folders.
All students majoring in economics take courses in economic theory.
All students majoring in history earn the Bachelor of Arts degree.
All students majoring or minoring in the department are eligible to belong.
All students make a determination whether their work is complete or needs improvement.
All students make a difference in our community.
All students make a poster presentation and an oral presentation based on their graduate research.
All students make a presentation to the town, park, or other group.
All students make decisions about their own behavior.
All students make environmentally sound decisions in their personal and civic lives.
All students make use of the college's technologically advanced computer labs.
All students making reports are to wear business attire.
All students matriculate without a formal commitment to a particular training area.
All students means inclusion.
All students meet again to enjoy lunch and free time.
All students meet as a group to discuss aspects of writing.
All students meet for weekly discussions and presentations.
All students meet health clearance requirements before the first day of the term of attendance.
All students meet in at least two individual conferences with the instructor.
All students meet in the designated room at noon please.
All students meet in the same class regardless of level.
All students meet on campus at least two days a week for coursesand seminars.
All students meet on the regular university daytime schedule.
All students meet regularly, between five and seven times a year for one day, in a regional group.
All students meet weekly with a mentor .
All students meet with a counselor first to assess needs and develop an individualized plan.
All students meet with advisors prior to registration.
All students meet with an advisor to coordinate an appropriate plan of study.
All students meeting the eligibility requirements are invited to apply.
All students meeting the program admissions requirements are eligible to apply.
All students move from room to room to share space.
All students move into a block system for the final year of the professional program.
All students move through a general studies program.
All students move through phase one as a cohort.
All students much complete a research or library thesis in accordance with university regulations.
All students needing a physical are welcome to come to the high school for their exam.
All students normally participate in a major ensemble each quarter.
All students normally take an examination at their Italian university.
All students normally take both double modules.
All students now have access to cable television service.
All students now have the option of a six year cycle.
All students observe the registration deadline of their home campus.
All students obtain a strong grasp and progressive mastery of Jewish texts.
All students obtain server space for projects and educational website development.
All students occupy a single room in the university residence halls.
All students ought to be held to high academic expectations.
All students participate actively in the process and presentation of the findings.
All students participate and are held accountable for their work.
All students participate and are successful no matter what their athletic abilities.
All students participate as counsel and perform the assignments.
All students participate at class level.
All students participate in a city wide service project with the other Catholic schools.
All students participate in a college preparatory academic program.
All students participate in a community service practicum with the Jewish community.
All students participate in a daily game to reinforce learned skills and have fun.
All students participate in a diverse programme of recitals, concerts and opera performances.
All students participate in a full-time school program and are eligible for grade level promotions.
All students participate in a grand final concert.
All students participate in a laboratory experience and present a thesis in their senior year.
All students participate in a laboratory experience.
All students participate in a moot court argument during the second semester of their first year.
All students participate in a pain control and conscious sedation program.
All students participate in a school science fair, with winners going on to the county science fair.
All students participate in a school-wide science fair to learn all about the scientific method.
All students participate in a semester long internship during the senior year.
All students participate in a six-week cruise on one of the associations two sailing vessels.
All students participate in a summer internship with an organization of their choice.
All students participate in a three-day study tour to Western Denmark .
All students participate in a variety of service projects.
All students participate in a weekly community service project at one of several pre-selected sites.
All students participate in a writing lab during the first weeks of the program.
All students participate in academic-year and summer activities until they graduate.
All Students participate in accreditation.
All students participate in all basic subjects regardless of their special aptitudes.
All students participate in an internship at a local business.
All students participate in art, music and physical education.
All students participate in art, music, physical education, and library lessons on a regular basis.
All students participate in at least one field experience after the sophomore or junior year.
All students participate in both an academic and vocational program each day.
All students participate in chamber music and engage in weekly coachings with artist faculty.
All students participate in classroom demonstrations and run a cognitive experiment.
All students participate in clinical practica while carrying a full load of classroom work.
All students participate in clinical training activities in a variety of settings.
All students participate in community service learning curriculum.
All students participate in Comprehensive mathematics and Spanish classes.
All students participate in daily warm-up exercises.
All students participate in departmental seminars and journal clubs each year.
All students participate in dramatic performances that are performed for the parents.
All students participate in each activity offered.
All students participate in either band or choral music.
All students participate in environmental field trips which supplement their studies.
All students participate in extensive practica, typically in a three quarter sequence.
All students participate in field-based experiences that bridge the gap between theory and practice.
All students participate in fieldwork.
All students participate in formal classroom academics instruction each week.
All students participate in French classes through grade five.
All students participate in full program.
All students participate in graduation exercises upon completing their course of study.
All students participate in group research projects with faculty members during their senior year.
All students participate in having their picture taken.
All students participate in health and physical education throughout the school year.
All students participate in individual and small group peer counseling.
All students participate in intramural sports, fitness and lifetime sports.
All students participate in it.
All students participate in lab lessons on a regular basis throughout the year.
All students participate in liturgies, prayer services and preparation for the sacraments.
All students participate in logic and critical thinking skill development activities.
All students participate in monthly department-wide critiques.
All students participate in morning meeting to greet each other and discuss the day's plans.
All students participate in off-site learning experiences at least twice every month.
All students participate in on-going faculty research through thesis or project work.
All students participate in our art program, music program and physical education program.
All students participate in our full-day intensive day treatment program.
All students participate in physical education on a regular basis.
All students participate in physical education.
All students participate in physically vigorous routine warm-up exercises.
All students participate in practica, utilizing professional opportunities within their communities.
All students participate in prayers at the beginning of each day.
All students participate in presentation of material each semester.
All students participate in pre-vocational classroom programs.
All students participate in religion classes.
All students participate in research residencies as part of the curriculum.
All students participate in research, with levels of participation determined by the program.
All students participate in respectful work.
All students participate in semesterly student exhibits.
All students participate in seminar programs in their area of study.
All students participate in several curriculum-related field trips annually.
All students participate in small contracts to add the breadth of their research experience.
All students participate in some aspect of our public performances each semester.
All students participate in some community service activity.
All students participate in storytelling workshops and choose a story to learn.
All students participate in student seminars and a journal club throughout the year.
All students participate in supervised clinical practicums in school and community settings.
All students participate in the annual poetry recital, solo or in groups.
All students participate in the basic core of classes, as well as in evening project rehearsals.
All students participate in the clinic at least one semester.
All students participate in the core curriculum courses and enrichment activities.
All students participate in the discussion.
All students participate in the dive as much or as little as they wish.
All students participate in the evaluation of lecture related courses within school.
All students participate in the first round which takes place in the social studies classes.
All students participate in the management and preparation of gourmet dinners and catered functions.
All students participate in the music lessons.
All students participate in the pentathlon during the third time period.
All students participate in the Physiology Student Seminar Series .
All students participate in the program's statewide writing portfolio assessment as well.
All students participate in the quiz game.
All students participate in the same food service plan.
All students participate in the six components of the program.
All students participate in the Spanish program.
All students participate in the sport or activity of choice and everyone gets the chance to play.
All students participate in the third grade essay contest in the Spring.
All students participate in the various aspects of a full-service restaurant.
All students participate in three rounds of oral argument.
All students participate in three ten-week laboratory rotations during the first year.
All students participate in two field trips per week.
All students participate in two performances a year.
All students participate in values groups that focus on character development.
All students participate in various evening activities.
All students participate in various field trips and special events.
All students participate on a team during the spring term.
All students participate regularly in some form of afternoon exercise.
All students participate weekly in general music activities.
All students participate weekly in scheduled visits to the modern media center.
All students participate.
All students participating are volunteers.
All students participating in flight labs are subject to random drug and alcohol testing.
All students participating in orchestra receive a scholarship regardless of their major.
All students pay a charge through the general fee.
All students pay a general fee assessment.
All students pay a mandatory health fee.
All students pay a proportion of the cost of their tuition.
All students pay a small fee each term in return for which a wide range of services is provided.
All students pay a technology fee based on their class standing and credit hour load.
All students pay an activity fee, which is established annually by the student government.
All students pay an application fee when matriculating into a degree program.
All students pay an application fee.
All students pay compulsory subscriptions and union fees.
All students pay for are the books.
All students pay full registration fee for community service courses such as art or floral design.
All students pay in-state tuition regardless of residency status.
All students pay in-state tuition.
All students pay normal registration fees on a quarterly basis.
All students pay per credit hour for summer session and winter intersession courses.
All students pay resident tuition during summer quarter.
All students pay student service fees.
All students pay the Florida tuition and fees.
All students pay the remaining program costs in Bologna.
All students pay the same course fees in the summer, regardless of state of legal residence.
All students pay the same course fees.
All students pay the same premium.
All students pay the same rates for tuition.
All students pay their own transportation costs at the end of the summer.
All students pay tuition and fees.
All students perform a team project in strategic analysis using an advanced expert system.
All students perform an applied jury exam for a faculty committee at the end of each semester.
All students perform for the school and for invited guests and parents.
All students perform in concert.
All students perform regularly for their peers in performance classes.
All students perform same experiment at the same time.
All students perform the same exercises following highly detailed directions.
All students perform treatments on instructors for feedback and testing.
All students perform twenty jumping jacks.
All students performing in the orchestra are eligible to enroll for individual studio lessons.
All students plan their programs in close cooperation with Latin American studies advisers.
All students plan, organize, and present weekly liturgies.
All students play as cast in public performances.
All students play different instruments and at varying proficiencies.
All students play in school ensemble with violin and cello.
All students play some classical music because that is the basics for good growth and instruction.
All students play the game each generation.
All students please complete the information below.
All students possess a belief system about learning.
All students possess basic skills needed to support future learning.
All students possess the ability to learn and succeed.
All students possess the innate power to think and reason mathematically.
All students possess the tools needed to learn.
All students practice advanced skills .
All students practice good social skills, health habits, and physical fitness.
All students practice in acute and community settings.
All students practice keyboarding each week.
All students practice using their critical and presentation skills in regular group meetings.
All students prepare a major seminar presentation and paper.
All students prepare a succinct review of the case for each class.
All students prepare an exhibit of their work as seniors.
All students prepare cases and other assignments.
All students prepare for and complete an informational interview.
All students prepare individually for auditions.
All students prepare their work for a final exhibition in the school library.
All students preparing for careers in ministry or missions undertake internships.
All students present and defend their dissertation proposals in a seminar format.
All students present their particular study to a group of selected faculty and peers.
All students present their research findings orally or in poster format at the end of the program.
All students present two papers in the academic session.
All students presenting papers are eligible to be included in the competition for the prize.
All students produce a writing sample in the fall and in the spring.
All students progress as a cohort group together through the program for faculty and peer learning.
All students progress through a series of six clinical experiences.
All students progress through stages which increase in complexity.
All students progress to a new level at their own pace.
All students provide their own lunches.
All students provide their own transportation.
All students pursue a career-oriented liberal arts education.
All students pursue a positive personal vision of excellence for their future.
All students pursue co-op employment.
All students pursue set design and lighting.
All students pursuing a political science major earn the bachelor of arts degree.
All students put handprints on a very long strip of cloth.
All students qualify for a special reduced membership rate.
All students read and presenting recent papers from the literature.
All students read and use a variety of methods to make sense of various kinds of complex texts.
All students read at or above grade level.
All students read from a vast selection of books.
All students read on grade level.
All students read scene critique sheet.
All students realize just how fun reading can be.
All students receive a balanced education, blending theory and practice.
All students receive a basic stipend and limited reimbursement for travel expenses.
All students receive a bedroom key and a mailbox key.
All students receive a bi-weekly stipend.
All students receive a blue ribbon.
All students receive a bookmark featuring a baseball diamond.
All students receive a camp workbook and a video tape of the final camp concert.
All students receive a camp workbook, t-shirt and a video tape of the final camp concert.
All students receive a certificate diploma at the end of the course.
All students receive a certificate of attendance.
All students receive a certificate of clinical proficiency upon completion of the program.
All students receive a certificate of completion on the successful completion of their course.
All students receive a certificate of participation.
All students receive a certificate that reflects their level of achievement.
All students receive a Co-op work term salary.
All students receive a copy of the Student Handbook.
All students receive a copy on registration.
All students receive a copy.
All students receive a credit card.
All students receive a foundation for life-long learning.
All students receive a free appropriate education on their individual level of understanding.
All students receive a free debit card when they move into campus housing.
All students receive a full program of adaptive physical education.
All students receive a full scholarship with a small monthly stipend.
All students receive a full tuition scholarship, as described above.
All students receive a full-day orientation on the official starting date.
All students receive a gift certificate for participating.
All students receive a good induction programme of at least one week.
All students receive a great deal of individual attention.
All students receive a letter grade on the transcript.
All students receive a lifetime free return and pactice policy.
All students receive a lifetime free return and practice policy.
All students receive a medal in recognizing the completion of their kindergarten year.
All students receive a network ID upon enrolling.
All students receive a network username and password as soon as they arrive on campus.
All students receive a personal email account and have free access to the Internet.
All students receive a personalized curriculum planning audit.
All students receive a private disk space, an e-mail account and Internet access.
All students receive a private room, complete with internet connections and standard furnishings.
All students receive a report card four times a year at approximately ten week intervals.
All students receive a rigorous academic program emphasizing interdisciplinary core instruction.
All students receive a salary for their co-op work term.
All students receive a salary for their work term.
All students receive a school agenda book that contains all school rules.
All students receive a seven percent discount on textbooks.
All students receive a six-week exploratory of fine and practical arts.
All students receive a small stipend for the weeks that they work with the mentors.
All students receive a special award to cover tuition.
All students receive a stipend for the summer, and some elect to get academic credit as well.
All students receive a stipend, plus tuition and fees.
All students receive a stipend.
All students receive a student handbook outlining specific academic policies.
All students receive a tax-free stipend once a month.
All students receive a test on arrival, to determine their level of English.
All students receive a unit calendar that outlines daily activities, homework, and tests.
All students receive a wage or stipend.
All students receive a weekly lesson, either individually or in a small group.
All students receive accounts to use UMDNet services such as e-mail.
All students receive an account for e-mail.
All students receive an account on Titan.
All students receive an education that addresses their individual needs.
All students receive an electronic mail account on enrolment.
All students receive an e-mail account after they enroll.
All students receive an e-mail account and unlimited access to the Internet from on and off campus.
All students receive an introduction to word-processing in their first semester.
All students receive annual educational testing and speech and language assessments.
All students receive appropriate support to help ensure academic success.
All students receive art instruction once a week.
All students receive art instruction weekly.
All students receive art, music, and physical education from certified specialists.
All students receive art, music, physical education, and guidance from trained professionals.
All students receive assistance with internship, employment, and community referrals.
All students receive basic instruction in all disciplines.
All students receive basic service.
All students receive Bible lessons at the beginning of each day.
All students receive both individual and group supervision.
All students receive bus safety training annually.
All students receive certificates at local and state levels.
All students receive certificates of completion for each course.
All students receive certificates of participation.
All students receive Certificates of Participation.
All students receive classes in vocal music, art and physical education.
All students receive close advising from their faculty advisor.
All students receive comprehensive story critiques by the end of the semester.
All students receive computer instruction a minimum of twice weekly.
All students receive computer instruction in the lab for at least two periods a week.
All students receive computer instruction.
All students receive computer training.
All students receive copies of the articles researched.
All students receive daily breakfast, lunch and dinner.
All students receive daily encouragement to do their best at all times.
All students receive direct instruction in drama, art, music and dance on a daily basis.
All students receive drug and alcohol education.
All students receive eighty minutes of art instruction per week.
All students receive email accounts for use on the internet.
All students receive e-mail addresses and internet instruction.
All students receive equal information and encouragement about academic and career opportunities.
All students receive extensive advisement in their science, engineering or mathematics majors.
All students receive extensive experience with computers.
All students receive feedback on their behavior as they work through a level system.
All students receive financial aid counseling including scholarship information.
All students receive financial aid.
All students receive financial support that includes a fellowship stipend and tuition remission.
All students receive financial support throughout their graduate training.
All students receive financial support.
All students receive formal art instruction weekly.
All students receive free academic advising.
All students receive free access to the Internet and a free e-mail account.
All students receive free breakfast and lunch.
All students receive free checking while attending school.
All students receive free medical services at the health care centers received by physicians.
All students receive free or reduced lunch.
All students receive full stipends throughout their training.
All students receive full tuition scholarships.
All students receive full tuition waivers.
All students receive funding.
All students receive grade reports at the end of each semester free of charge.
All students receive guidance and support throughout their studies.
All students receive hands-on training on current software and equipment.
All students receive increased amounts of English instruction each year.
All students receive individual attention in developing a personal style and potential.
All students receive individual attention throughout their degree or non-degree programs.
All students receive individualized instruction.
All students receive individualized skill instruction based upon their level and needs.
All students receive information about orientation shortly after their admission.
All students receive information via one of the instructional methods.
All students receive instruction in academic, as well as technical subjects.
All students receive instruction in basic word processing skills using age-appropriate software.
All students receive instruction in bus safety rules at the beginning of each school year.
All students receive instruction in character education curriculum.
All students receive instruction in fundamental English and mathematics.
All students receive instruction in Musicianship, composition, and chorus.
All students receive instruction in physical education from a qualified instructor.
All students receive instruction in reading, language arts, math, science, and social studies.
All students receive instruction in the areas of arts, music and physical education.
All students receive instruction in the basics and use rhythm instruments regularly.
All students receive instruction in the core skill areas and job specific areas.
All students receive integrated academic, vocational, and social skills training.
All students receive intensive and personal instruction - course places are therefore limited.
All students receive intensive, broad-based training in general clinical psychology.
All students receive Internet access and an e-mail account as a part of their tuition and fees.
All students receive invitations and are encouraged to attend.
All students receive legal holidays including a brief winter break.
All students receive mandatory advisement if their academic progress or performance is insufficient.
All students receive music instruction throughout the elementary grades.
All students receive ninety minutes a week of physical education.
All students receive one credit each for English and social studies and one-half credit for art.
All students receive one hour of computer instruction in the lab each week.
All students receive orientation sessions to Cairo and to dormitory life.
All students receive pastoral support through their home group teachers.
All students receive personal attention.
All students receive personal TV training.
All students receive personalized attention in a group setting.
All students receive physical education, music, art, and computer lab instruction weekly.
All students receive piano lessons that develop musical roots.
All students receive practical training and experience in tutoring.
All students receive printed directions for completion of registration.
All students receive progress reports, personally.
All students receive psychological services.
All students receive quarterly progress reports.
All students receive recognition with a monthly reward when classroom requirements are met.
All students receive recorder instruction, and piano and instrumental lessons are available.
All students receive regularly scheduled general music and physical education classes.
All students receive report cards mailed to their home at the end of each quarter.
All students receive report cards which rely on teacher comments and non-traditional grades.
All students receive same instruction simultaneously, simplifying teacher control and monitoring.
All students receive scholarships.
All students receive server space for their personal home pages.
All students receive small group guided reading instruction at their instruction level each day.
All students receive small group instruction in their first year LRWA class.
All students receive some combination of scholarships and teaching assistanceships.
All students receive Spanish instruction to acquire a second language.
All students receive special attention.
All students receive summer research appointments.
All students receive supervision during their clinical practice.
All students receive support by email and access to private web pages.
All students receive technological instruction.
All students receive technology instruction in our computer lab.
All students receive the Bachelor of Science Degree with majors in their respective fields of study.
All students receive the benefits of comprehensive guidance and counseling services.
All students receive the core curriculum.
All students receive the enclosed brochure with mailings from the dean s office.
All students receive the minimum federal wage.
All students receive the same attention, and are evaluated on individual effort and merit.
All students receive the same diploma regardless of the plan they follow.
All students receive the same financial package regardless of their citizenship status.
All students receive the same instruction and have the same opportunities.
All students receive the same number of lessons each semester.
All students receive the same problem.
All students receive the same question.
All students receive the same topic.
All students receive the security brochure.
All students receive the student education admission rate.
All students receive their grade report by mail.
All students receive training in key information technology skills to complement academic study.
All students receive training in the proper use of personal protective equipment.
All students receive training in trial advocacy during their second or third years.
All students receive t-shirts for their participation.
All Students receive voice mail services upon matriculation to the university.
All students receive weekly art instruction.
All students receive weekly instruction from an art specialist.
All students receive writing and math instruction provided by the academic departments.
All students receiving a degree in chemistry take standard examinations.
All students receiving financial assistance have certain responsibilities.
All students receiving stipends, as described above, are exempt from tuition.
All students recieve a surfing diploma at the end of the surf course.
All students recite the first and last two stanzas together.
All students recite the Pledge of Allegiance and sing a patriotic song.
All students reconvene as a large group in a general chat room.
All students reflect on and complete their high school showcase portfolios.
All students register as either an undergraduate student or as a graduate student.
All students register by phone for classes.
All students register by telephone or on the Internet.
All students register for the same modules but choose appropriate courses within modules.
All students register for the seminar in their particular area of research.
All students register, add and drop classes by telephone.
All students registered for the current semester are eligible for services.
All students registered have the opportunity to hold and release live ladybugs on school grounds.
All students registered in public universities are adults of sound mind.
All students relate arts knowledge and skills within and across the arts and other content areas.
All students remain subject to the drop penalty.
All students report for a full day.
All students report to respective teaching stations for training, drills, video analysis.
All students report to school.
All students report.
All students requesting residence hall space can request a specific roommate.
All students require a password to get onto the school website.
All students require a safe, healthy, environment for learning.
All students require a scientific calculator with linear regression mode.
All students require a scientific calculator.
All students require a teacher or counselor recommendation for attendance.
All students require a towel.
All students require certain basic skills that are fundamental to all areas of human activity.
All students require curriculum that meets their individual needs.
All students require proper gym clothes in order to participate in the physical education.
All students require some review and reteaching.
All students residing on campus have their own phone jack, number and voice mail system.
All students residing on-campus have an individual voice mailbox.
All students respond well to clear schedules and expectations.
All students return home on the weekend and for holidays and summer vacation.
All students return home on weekends and holidays.
All students return materials to the library now.
All students return.
All students ride busses.
All students riding in cars wait under the cafeteria roof on the circle drive.
All students rotate through equine medicine and surgery.
All students rotate through the psychiatric emergency room.
All students run a perception experiment.
All students rush to class.
All students satisfy the criterion.
All students say that it is a course well worth taking.
All Students See individual project criteria.
All students seem ready and even eager to learn.
All students seem to be enjoying the class.
All students seem to have a good relationship with their parents.
All students select a corporate finance track or an investment finance track.
All students select a region of the Pacific Rim to study and a language that coincides their region.
All students select a specialization after completing the third year of studies.
All students select an activity each season.
All students select an interest group upon matriculating as part of the advising system.
All students select from a choice of adventure courses in a variety of sports.
All students select from vocal or instrumental music.
All students select one of the above areas as their major method for study.
All students select subjects for their writing assignments from within their major study areas.
All students selected are in their junior year of high school and have expressed intent to attend.
All Students Send in reports on current election events.
All students serve an internship during their course of study.
All students serve as a teaching assistant for at least one semester.
All students serve both as research and teaching assistants.
All students share a common core curriculum.
All students share a common first semester and select diploma options upon entry into our program.
All students share responsibility for the health and safety condition of their hall.
All students share the cost of the expenses.
All students share the responsibility of selection and production.
All students show great enthusiasm in learning and playing.
All students show similar gains, regardless of ethnicity, poverty level, or English fluency.
All students sign a contract committing to regular attendance.
All students sign in with the guidance secretary, who maintains a record of student visits.
All students sign individualized contracts stipulating attendance requirements.
All students sign the honor code upon entering the college.
All students sign the honor code, and that's good enough for most of the professors.
All students sign up for classes during the first two weeks of the quarter.
All students sign up for skills workshops.
All students sit common examinations up until the mock when core and extended papers are offered.
All students sit common examinations without distinction between core and extended.
All students speak English, have full medical coverage, and bring their own spending money.
All students speak English.
All students speak in public.
All students spend a period of industrial attachment at the end of the third year.
All students spend a semester at a university outside Germany, and perform an internship abroad.
All students spend approximately sixty minutes per week in the computer lab.
All students spend one summer on- campus during their junior years.
All students spend one term abroad, either in an academic or professional context.
All students spend the first week, before classes begin, establishing their living arrangements.
All students spend their third year at a university in the United States.
All students spread out and on signal start hula hooping.
All students stand at attention in their rooms and sing along.
All students stand, and the die is rolled twice.
All students stand.
All students start by taking a compulsory course in research methods.
All students start in the beginner class.
All students start in the bronze area and find a partner to play rock, paper, scissors with.
All students start off in double rooms in traditional residence halls.
All students start off slow and gain speed with time, patience and experience.
All students start out with a randomly selected question.
All students start the computers from hard disk.
All students start the day with clean slates despite any problems the day before.
All students start the program together and take classes together as one cohesive group.
All students start their three month experience with one month in the inpatient setting.
All students start their training in a beginner class with people like themselves.
All students start with a clean slate at the beginning of each new month.
All students start with white-belts, signifying that they are beginners.
All students stay for lunch.
All students stay in university residence halls.
All students stay on a full board or half board basis and staff are available at all times.
All students stay with Japanese families whose daughters attend the college.
All students strive for academic excellence.
All students struggle, at one time or another.
All students study a common core designed to provide a broad range of knowledge and skills .
All students study a common core.
All students study a language in years one and two.
All students study a wide range of subjects in the first two years of the course.
All students study as part of a cluster of students and under supervision of a local mentor.
All students study at accredited universities.
All students study at an accredited university.
All students study both languages in school.
All students study foreign language on a daily basis.
All students study foreign language.
All students study Italian as a preparation for the Venice term.
All students study Japanese language and culture.
All students study Japanese language which is taught at all levels.
All students study key solo repertoire, etudes, and orchestral or band excerpts.
All students study Law, Construction and Public Health during their first year.
All students study primary documents in history.
All students study privately with an applied teacher.
All students study science, mathematics, social studies, and English every year.
All students study seven core subjects for the first two terms of their second year.
All students study social studies, mathematics, science, and language arts.
All students study under the caring guidance of highly trained and dedicated teachers.
All students study voice production.
All students study.
All students studying abroad can become members.
All students studying beyond high school are eligible to participate.
All students studying philosophy are automatically members.
All students submit a rewrite of the first paper assignment.
All students submit an application detailing the type of internship they wish to undertake.
All students submit draft summaries of dissertation topics.
All students submit one copy of the thesis to the faculty supervisor.
All students submit skeletal outline.
All students submitting qualified entries receive a certificate of participation.
All students succeed at their own pace.
All students succeed in the physical education curriculum through enhanced professional development.
All students succeed.
All students take a basic curriculum in the liberal arts.
All students take a component of career management.
All students take a comprehensive exam near the end of the course work.
All students take a comprehensive examination at the conclusion of their coursework.
All students take a core of courses designed to provide a solid conceptual foundation.
All students take a core of four courses in statistics, theory and methodology.
All students take a course in management for engineers, and complete a substantial project.
All students take a diagnostic examination within their first two weeks in a degree program.
All students take a field course in Malta.
All students take a final exam upon completion of their studies.
All students take a foundation programme and then specialise in a particular branch of nursing.
All students take a full Jewish studies program.
All students take a grading test on arrival.
All students take a group of courses called the core courses.
All students take a keyboard skills examination.
All students take a mathematics, social studies, science and communications skills class.
All students take a module in Research Methodologies.
All students take a placement test to determine Spanish level.
All students take a placement test upon arrival to determine level of Spanish ability.
All students take a placement test upon arrival.
All students take a Portuguese language and a Brazilian studies course.
All students take a preliminary examination covering the student's primary academic areas.
All students take a professional practice subject.
All students take a required computer technology course.
All students take a required writing course each of their first three years.
All students take a research project worth half the credit for the year.
All students take a semester of reading.
All students take a special noncredit seminar on Indian culture.
All students take a study skills course, which serves as a core of the program.
All students take a study skills course.
All students take a theatre core followed by a self-designed course of study in their emphasis.
All students take a three credit German language course at the appropriate level for their skills.
All students take a three-hour capstone course at the end of their certificate program.
All students take a three-part comprehensive examination.
All students take a total of eight units in the first year.
All students take a turn.
All students take a two-week language and culture course as well.
All students take a writing course, culminating in the writing of a research paper.
All students take a written qualifying examination at the end of the first year.
All students take a year long course in research design and do a special original project.
All students take a year of computer literacy.
All students take all courses offered.
All students take all exams.
All students take all their courses together and bond closely by the program end.
All students take all three seminars and either language or the independent project.
All students take an academic, pre-college mathematics programme throughout each of the five years.
All students take an active part in reading, singing, and serving according to their assignments.
All students take an activity course which is supplemented by weekend activities.
All students take an electro-acoustic music course.
All students take an exam on research methods.
All students take an individual project.
All students take an in-house math assessment at the beginning of the school year.
All students take an initial assessment test, are graded and issued with a weekly timetable.
All students take an intensive course in Hebrew language.
All students take an interdisciplinary core.
All students take an internship in Japan at a Japanese company or research organization.
All students take at least one pastoral attachment.
All students take at least one trimester of studio art and two music courses.
All students take basic courses in mathematics, science, and engineering.
All students take Bible courses as part of their degree programs.
All students take both a written and oral final examination at the conclusion of graduate study.
All students take both courses.
All students take both double modules.
All students take business and management modules within the degree programme.
All students take classes in art , music , physical educatio n, and a foreign language .
All students take classes in Indian languages, studies, and art.
All students take classes in oceanography, nautical science and maritime studies.
All students take computers - every other day for a semester.
All students take core classes of humanities, math and science.
All students take core courses in sociological theory and research methods.
All students take core courses that provide a solid foundation in the natural and physical sciences.
All students take courses across a range of areas, and unique combinations are encouraged.
All students take courses in criticism, and in some selected American and British writers.
All students take courses in expository writing and selected literary works.
All students take courses in foreign language, applied technology and physical education.
All students take courses in organic, inorganic, physical, and analytical chemistry.
All students take courses in the arts, science and other general courses.
All students take courses underlined.
All students take eight courses each year.
All students take eight modules covering core, specialist and practical subjects.
All students take either an economics sequence or a marketing sequence.
All students take English, math, science and social studies.
All students take English, reading, social studies, science, math, physical education and health.
All students take English.
All students take environmental engineering, highway engineering, and steel design.
All students take examinations to document critical thinking ability.
All students take four core courses including two theory and two methods foundation classes.
All students take four or five courses each semester in addition to a project.
All students take notice when other students are recognized.
All students take part in activities outside the classroom.
All students take part in an internal radio production, directed by a well known producer.
All students take part in courses which involve essential field sampling and analysis.
All students take part in formal physical education classes regularly.
All students take part in music programs held throughout the school year.
All students take part in performances each semester.
All students take part in physical education activities twice in a six day cycle.
All students take part in regular productions which have popular local appeal.
All students take part in religious education classes, and liturgical and non-liturgical prayer.
All students take part in studies involving a culture other than their own.
All students take part in studio maintenance and the upkeep of tools.
All students take part in the daily sports program.
All students take physical education and health as one of their courses.
All students take physical education and health.
All students take physical education, health and music classes.
All students take physical education.
All students take placement exams, oral and written, to assure correct language level.
All students take placement tests during orientation.
All students take professional practice subjects in the first year and the third year of the course.
All students take religious education instruction in their home room, regardless of their status.
All students take science and humanities classes as core subjects.
All students take singing classes.
All Students take six classes and physical education every semester as minimum requirements.
All students take six hours of mathematics and six hours of science.
All students take Spanish language and stay with Costa Rican families.
All students take the business core.
All students take the challenge exam in Histology.
All students take the compulsory units and usually take the recommended units.
All students take the core courses and choose further courses from the lists of options.
All students take the core courses and one area of specialization.
All students take the course for the same reason .
All students take the courses listed below.
All students take the final exam.
All students take the final.
All students take the first course in the concentration.
All students take The History of the British Political System.
All students take the introductory course first.
All students take the math and reading tests.
All students take the math assessment test during the orientation program.
All students take the required comprehensive and integrated course entitled The Ancient City .
All students take the same assessment.
All students take the same course of study.
All students take the same courses together, from start to finish, over the same time period.
All students take the same courses.
All students take the same curriculum during the first year.
All students take the same exam, which lasts two hours.
All students take the same examination.
All students take the same exams.
All students take the same lecture program regardless of hospital or rotation assignment.
All students take the same required courses in the freshman and sophomore years.
All students take the same required courses in the same order.
All students take the same set of courses.
All students take the same subjects, and each team has two blocks of double periods.
All students take the same test at the end of the course.
All students take the same test.
All students take the seven core courses.
All students take the written test during the morning.
All students take their meals in the cafeteria.
All students take three compulsory classes and three optional classes.
All students take three core courses in leadership and a research application project.
All students take three core subjects and a two-week supervised practical in each academic year.
All students take three subjects in their first two terms, after which they can specialise.
All students take traditional core curricular courses.
All students take tropical biology, ecology, an independent field study, and Spanish.
All students take turns waiting on tables.
All students take tutorial courses with local faculty on subjects of their own choice.
All students take two core lecture classes.
All students take two modules in Russian language.
All students take two of the three courses offered to participants.
All students take two separate two-hour laboratories.
All students take two technique classes daily, one each of ballet and contemporary dance.
All students take two years of Math.
All students take voice lessons throughout their undergraduate career.
All students take weekly private lessons with a major teacher and participate in studio classes.
All students taking the exam at the same time in an area take the same exam.
All students taking the exam please meet in the classroom.
All students tend to be more creative when they are interested or intrinsically motivated.
All students tend to perform well on their internships.
All students then enter the middle and secondary school complex.
All students then line up around the circumference of the classroom in order of their total tallies.
All students then prepare an original proposal that forms the basis of their dissertation research.
All students then receive copies of all the webliographies on disk to use for future reference.
All students then take the same courses in the first two academic semesters of engineering studies.
All students then work together to create a zoo.
All Students There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
All students think critically and generate potential solutions to environmental issues.
All students thus gain experience of three core disciplines.
All students train at a level that is comfortable for both partners.
All students turn in eight papers.
All students tutor an at-risk child in a local elementary school.
All students typically finish in three years.
All students understand and are prepared for a world of change.
All students understand and describe the components of ecological systems and their functions.
All students understand that they are to make up the missed class work.
All students undertake a final year project on a topic of special interest.
All students undertake a major individual project.
All students undertake a mini-project on a topic of their own choosing.
All students undertake a non-clinical research elective in their final year.
All students undertake a personal research project, in most cases during the final year of study.
All students undertake a project module.
All students undertake a project on a subject of their choice.
All students undertake a project.
All students undertake a relevant dissertation.
All students undertake a substantial research project.
All students undertake a supervised dissertation and a course in research management.
All students undertake a systems study, in which they work in teams, and an individual project.
All students undertake a theatrical training programme.
All students undertake an individual computing project in the second year.
All students undertake an industrial placement in year two.
All students undertake an interdisciplinary project.
All students undertake at least one industry project in the third year of the course.
All students undertake coursework projects that contribute to their progress through the course.
All students undertake experimental and laboratory work, including working with computers.
All students undertake real projects for real clients.
All students undertake several study visits to British firms.
All students undertake teaching practice throughout the course.
All students undertake the core modules and four open modules.
All students undertake the same assessment scheme.
All students undertake work experience.
All students undertaking the Bachelor of Arts degree follow a common course structure.
All students use a coursebook, except very young students, who follow a cross-curricular syllabus.
All students use computers, CD ROM and graphing calculators.
All students use email and other software applications on a regular basis.
All students use one another's facts to figure out where the others live.
All students use ram air parachutes for soft, controlled landings.
All students use reading strategies, some just more effective strategies than others.
All students use technology as part of the learning process.
All students use the computers, CD Rom and books to facilitate their learning.
All students use the same equipment.
All students use the same system.
All students using the room are responsible for keeping it clean and neat for other users.
All students utilize both mainframe and microcomputers during the two-year program.
All students utilize the computer lab weekly.
All students view their own computers.
All students visit our computer remediation lab.
All students visit the library at least once a week with their class to check out books.
All students visit the library at least once a week with their classes.
All students visit the local libraries and attend plays regularly.
All students vist an AA meeting and make rounds with the hospital chaplain.
All students vote for the same set of candidates.
All students walk around the room for two minutes.
All students walk, ride a bicycle, or are transported by their parents to school.
All students wear a hat.
All students wear a uniform.
All students wear polo shirts or dress shirts of navy , red, white , or hunter green .
All students wear safety helmets, and a special mounting platform is provided.
All students wear school uniforms.
All students wear simple , casual uniforms.
All students wear uniforms for school and casual clothes at other times.
All students wear uniforms here.
All students wear uniforms to school.
All students wear uniforms, slippers, a name tag and the school pin.
All students wear uniforms.
All students wear white short-sleeved shirts .
All students wear white short-sleeved shirts.
All students wear white socks with the black or navy shoes.
All students welcome .
All students welcome to apply to put up an exhibit.
All students welcome to attend.
All students welcome.
All Students Welcome.
All students wishing to be teachers are eligible for membership.
All students wishing to learn have the opportunity and support.
All students wishing to participate on the track teams, make the teams.
All students work as crew members and are encouraged to audition for roles in the play.
All students work at independent levels, based on previous state test scores.
All students work at their own pace and location.
All students work closely with a faculty adviser to help plan course schedules.
All students work closely with faculty.
All students work closely with their graduate student mentors as well.
All students work culminates in a major, self-designed senior project.
All students work equally with dance, drama and song.
All students work in a student-run public relations agency.
All students work in classrooms at diverse age levels as a part of their major.
All students work in cooperative studio environments and seniors have semi-private studio space.
All students work in food production to become familiar with the tools of their trade.
All students work in productions as cast.
All students work in the computer lab on a weekly basis.
All students work on a dedicated computer.
All students work on an individual research project during the program.
All students work on specific projects and are paid for their work.
All students work on specificprojects and are provided stipends for their work.
All students work on their posters.
All students work on-line.
All students work to their full potential and receive the finest possible education.
All students work toward the same educational outcomes based on high standards.
All students work under the supervision of certified opticians.
All students work while enrolled in the courses.
All students work with a supervisor in the preparation of the research essay.
All students work with an advisory chair and committee.
All students work with football because it is the biggest sport.
All students work with several faculty members before selecting a preceptor for the thesis research.
All students worry about assignments and their performance.
All students write a comprehensive examination in their last semester.
All students write a dissertation on American history, literature or culture.
All students write a dissertation or thesis.
All students write a reaction paper to the process and decisions.
All students write a senior thesis.
All students write a thesis based on original research.
All students write a thesis-based research paper as part of the course.
All students write a thesis-based research paper.
All students write an essay each six weeks in every class.
All students write at least one documented research paper.
All students write essays.
All students write on the same topic.
All students write regularly in journals.
All students write the final exam essay during the last week of class.
All students write the final exam paragraph during the last week of class.
All students write to communicate and participate.
All students yearn to be recognized.
Any student attending an ABA-accredited law school is eligible to enroll.
Any student can appeal for help with any problem.
Any student can apply as long as they meet all the necessary criteria as stated above.
Any student can apply for a cadet position.
Any student can apply for a place on the traning programme.
Any student can apply for admission to a magnet program.
Any student can apply for on-campus employment.
Any student can apply online, an especially convenient option for seeking admission.
Any student can apply to any charter school in the state.
Any student can apply to be a member.
Any student can attend the surgery without an appointment.
Any student can attend.
Any student can be a candidate for admission.
Any student can be a member of a committee by simply attending meetings.
Any student can be successful in our program.
Any student can become part of the award winning team.
Any student can belong to it who is a German by birth.
Any student can belong to it who is European by birth.
Any student can benefit from learning how to study more efficiently.
Any student can bring art work.
Any student can check out up to two items for a period of one week.
Any student can come to any of the office hours.
Any student can complete additional majors or minors with the primary major.
Any student can create a program.
Any student can do language lab, anywhere they want, any time they want.
Any student can do that.
Any student can earn a double major or double degree.
Any student can earn a minor in military science by completing the required curriculum.
Any student can elect to be advised within our unit.
Any student can elect to use the walk-in method.
Any student can engage in research as a volunteer with the permssion of their faculty mentor.
Any student can enroll at two-year college.
Any student can enroll in any of program at any time.
Any student can enroll in the classes just like any other class.
Any student can enter.
Any student can fill out a form to nominate an outstanding tutor.
Any student can find an appropriate programmes within the rich and diverse higher education system.
Any student can form a club or society.
Any student can go in, pay the required fee, and eat until satisfied.
Any student can have a car on campus.
Any student can initiate a request for services.
Any student can introduce any topic.
Any student can join an existing club or start a new one.
Any student can join Earthworms, which meets weekly.
Any student can join the group and help plan events.
Any student can join the journalism department's web site staff.
Any student can join the mock trial team, but the honors civics class is limited to seniors.
Any student can join.
Any student can just show up to try it out.
Any student can lease a loft for the semester.
Any student can login to any chat room at any time.
Any student can make contact at any time to discuss any of their support needs.
Any student can participate in the program.
Any student can participate.
Any student can pass out religious literature, witness to their faith, carry about religious books.
Any student can post a question, comment or note to the board.
Any student can provide feedback on courses to help out other students down the road.
Any student can purchase a meal plan.
Any student can receive an award called a Cardinal Gram for excellence in schoolwork or activities.
Any student can recommend an amendment to the Honor Code.
Any student can request their own account.
Any student can request use of the space to rehearse or to choreograph.
Any student can revise their paper once in an effort to receive a higher grade.
Any student can schedule a chat session with the class any time they like.
Any student can schedule a chat session.
Any student can sign up to receive nontraditional information.
Any student can stand to be a councillor.
Any student can submit a mural idea.
Any student can submit an original play.
Any student can submit work.
Any student can submit writing, art and photography at no charge.
Any student can subscribe or submit to the newspaper.
Any student can subscribe to ra - talk.
Any student can take any grade level test at any time.
Any student can take tech theatre and design classes.
Any student can try out an instrument and get lessons on how to play together in a band or ensemble.
Any student can try out for a music ensemble .
Any student can work with one or more of the commissions in various roles and positions.
Any student carrying fewer than nine credits is considered to be enrolled part-time.
Any student carrying nine or more credits in a term is considered a full-time student.
Any student caught is expelled.
Any student convicted of a criminal offense is subject to university disciplinary action.
Any student currently enrolled in a doctoral program in a relevant field is eligible to apply.
Any student currently failing a class is encouraged to see an advisor.
Any student enrolled in a class at the college is eligible to try out for the production.
Any student enrolled in a math or science course is elligible for membership.
Any student enrolled in a minimum of six hours is eligible to participate in the program.
Any student enrolled in a Minnesota accredited law school is eligible to participate.
Any student enrolled in a music course which requires practice is eligible for a practice room key.
Any student enrolled in a public, parochial, or private elementary school can enter.
Any student enrolled in a Virginia institution of higher education is eligible to apply.
Any student enrolled in an accredited undergraduate or graduate degree program is eligible to apply.
Any student enrolled in an accredited undergraduate or graduate program is eligible to apply.
Any student enrolled in middle school can receive care at the health center.
Any student enrolled in the college is eligible to apply for general scholarships.
Any student enrolled in the university is eligible to participate in our productions.
Any student enrolled in twelve or more credit hours per semester is considered a full-time student.
Any student failing any screening is referred for further evaluation.
Any student found in possession of drug paraphernalia can be subject to dismissal.
Any student gaining regular admission is eligible for consideration for a graduate assistantship.
Any student has a right to appeal the decisions made regarding academic accommodations.
Any student has the absolute right to pray privately.
Any student has the right to appeal a grade to the basic degrees committee.
Any student has the right to attempt to waive a specific class requirement.
Any student has the right to cancel at any time during the course.
Any student has the right to refuse to have personal information included in the campus directory.
Any student has the right to voluntarily strike on an individual basis.
Any student having completed high school and enrolled in an undergraduate program is elligible.
Any student having more than three scheduled exams on one day is entitled to rescheduling.
Any student involved in misconduct while under the influence is referred for an assessment.
Any student involved or interested in education is eligible for membership.
Any student is able to be a co-chair.
Any student is able to seek employment on campus.
Any student is eligible .
Any student is eligible for credit union membership.
Any student is eligible for diagnosis and treatment on a reduced fee basis.
Any student is eligible for diagnosis and treatment on a reduced-fee basis.
Any student is eligible for membership.
Any student is eligible providing they meet the general eligibility requirements.
Any student is eligible to apply for federal and institutional grants and loans.
Any student is eligible to attend.
Any student is eligible to become a member and be elected by the group to a leadership position.
Any student is eligible to become a member.
Any student is eligible to join.
Any student is eligible to pursue alternative loan programs to cover the program costs.
Any student is eligible to take the tests.
Any student is eligible.
Any student is encouraged to bring their friends to the first meeting of the year.
Any student is encouraged to participate as early as the freshman year.
Any student is free to join any of the member organizations.
Any student is welcome to apply.
Any student is welcome to attend and bring ideas or get involved with a committee.
Any student is welcome to attend meetings and participate in group activities.
Any student is welcome to attend sessions.
Any student is welcome to attend.
Any student is welcome to join any committees they wish.
Any student is welcome to join the advisory board.
Any student is welcome to join the organization.
Any student is welcome to join.
Any student is welcome to participate in the breakfast program.
Any student is welcome to take part, and no training is required.
Any student is welcome to try out for interscholastic competition.
Any student is welcome.
Any student is welcomed to orientation and extended training sessions.
Any student knows how hard it can be to figure out what classes to take.
Any student knows that frustration can often turn into stress.
Any student leaving the school building during the school day is required to sign-out in the office.
Any student lining on campus is to participate in one of the meal plans offered.
Any student living in the residence halls is required to purchase a meal plan each semester.
Any student living on campus is to participate in one of the three plans offered.
Any student maintaining a high acedmic record can apply for membership.
Any student making a presentation is encouraged to apply.
Any student missing at the time the change is announced is responsible for the information given.
Any student missing more than three hours of class is in jeopardy of failing the course.
Any student missing more than two classes can receive a failing grade for the entire class.
Any student needing accommodations for disabilities please see an instructor.
Any student needing accommodations for disabilities please see the instructors.
Any student needing assistance is encouraged to ask for help.
Any student needing emergency care is seen as soon as possible.
Any student needing more work on that material can report to the section review.
Any student needing special learning accommodations, please contact the instructor immediately.
Any student needing to make up two exams needs to give serious consideration to dropping the course.
Any student participating in a departmental production in any capacity is eligible for extra credit.
Any student participating in a school music group or who studies privately is eligible to attend.
Any student participating in academic dishonesty is subject to disciplinary action.
Any student placed on academic probation or dismissed can submit a request for change of status.
Any student planning to attend medical school also takes general chemistry.
Any student pursuing a degree in pharmacy is eligible for membership.
Any student pursuing a post secondary education is eligible to apply for a grant.
Any student pursuing teacher licensure is classified as such.
Any student qualifies for the student rate.
Any student receiving a deferment assumes the financial obligation of all their college charges.
Any student registered for six or more credits can use the center's services.
Any student registered in the school is eligible to be a member of a team.
Any student registered in, or a graduate of, any law school is eligible to enroll.
Any student registering late is responsible for all written and reading assignments.
Any student regularly enrolled in any accredited law school is eligible to enter.
Any student reporting such action retains confidentiality and privacy rights.
Any student seeking academic assistance is encouraged to contact an academic college advisor.
Any student showing a valid school I.D. and paying a minimal entrance fee is welcome.
Any student showing an interest and willing to work is eligible.
Any student starting a course late is strongly discourage from doing so.
Any student studying the Spanish language or with a prior knowledge of Spanish is asked to join.
Any student studying voice is eligible to audition.
Any student taking a course for credit has access to campus computing facilities.
Any student taking twelve of more credit hours is considered full-time.
Any student using the Internet can access the site and play nutrition-focused games and puzzles.
Any student violating the honor code is subject to receive a failing grade for the course.
Any student violating the honor code is subject to receive a zero for the test, assignment, etc.
Any student wants to annotate a book.
Any student wearing it is okay as well as the family color shirts.
Any student wishing to access or donate to the test files can contact the current office manager.
Any student wishing to form a club or society can do so.
Any student wishing to learn computers has to necessarily learn about the Web and the Internet.
Any student wishing to participate in on-campus interviewing is welcome.
Any student wishing to reach an instructor is invited to call or e-mail the instructor.
Any student wishing to reach instructor is invited to email the instructor.
Any student wishing to view their exam is encouraged to do so.
Any student working toward a degree in chemistry or related science is eligible to join.
Any students are interested in helping to keep school spirit up can contact the cheerleaders.
Any students are welcome at the president's house.
Any students can access the public domain collection.
Any students gaining an 'F' overall automatically have to resit both papers.
Any Students interview someone in their class and turn the information into a cinquain.
Any students is eligible to attend.
Any students registered for summer credit courses are eligible.
Any students wishing to pursue a career in nursing are eligible to apply.
Every student accepted in the program is considered for an assistantship.
Every student achieves, in at least one area, their personal best.
Every student adds a valuable and unique perspective that is essential to everyone's learning.
Every student admitted to college is smart enough to graduate .
Every student admitted under our policies is qualified to attend.
Every student agrees it is the right environment to train in.
Every student agrees that the class is fun and very interesting.
Every student also contributes to general use fees.
Every student also has access to email during their study period.
Every student also has classes in art, music, computers, physical education, and science.
Every student also interns in a local laboratory before graduation.
Every student also participates in an exploratory program.
Every student also participates in chamber ensembles under faculty coaching.
Every student annually receives a description of the plan.
Every student approaches an internship with individual goals and expectations.
Every student becomes a possible comparison, a context for understanding the self.
Every student becomes a scientist, immersed in innovative, hands-on science and math activities.
Every student becomes frustrated at one time or another.
Every student begins each piece with a story map or a web consistent within the class.
Every student belongs to a classroom, to a community of learners.
Every student belongs to at least one club.
Every student belongs to several different groups that transcend race and class.
Every student brings a different dream.
Every student brings a monthly menu home during the last week of the month.
Every student brings abilities and experiences to the classroom.
Every student brings to L'Abri their own unique life, thoughts, interests and questions.
Every student brings unique skills, talents, and learning needs to the school community.
Every student brings unique strengths and experiences to higher education.
Every student calls for a different lesson package.
Every student can achieve a perfect homework score by correcting mistakes.
Every student can achieve to some level and deserves appropriate recognition.
Every student can and, for the most part, does participate in the threaded discussions.
Every student can ask for an account on the vax machine.
Every student can be on a different mastery level and cooperation is valued over competition.
Every student can benefit by learning skills they can apply in any career.
Every student can benefit from massage.
Every student can benefit from that.
Every student can choose from a vast range of activities that occur every fortnight.
Every student can choose personal goals in learning.
Every student can contribute up to two items during the course.
Every student can count research credits as elective credits needed for the degree.
Every student can excel .
Every student can experience success in learning mathematics.
Every student can explore on the Internet at selected sites in each school.
Every student can gain an edge by getting some on the job training while still in school.
Every student can get an intern ship.
Every student can have a major library stored in a few feet of shelf space.
Every student can learn and become a valuable contributing member of society.
Every student can learn and deserves an equal opportunity to learn.
Every student can learn and enjoy learning.
Every student can learn if given appropriate opportunities.
Every student can learn more than they are currently learning and at a higher level.
Every student can learn something.
Every student can learn to read if given the opportunity.
Every student can learn when properly placed and served.
Every student can learn, achieve, and succeed.
Every student can learn.
Every student can leave a permanent mark upon the place where so much of life is passed.
Every student can make a web page on ouray, the student computer.
Every student can miss two class sessions per semester for whatever reason.
Every student can own one, every kid in school, every parent.
Every student can probably benefit from accommodations at some point in their educational career.
Every student can see the immediate value of academic study especially the apprentice-bound.
Every student can sit down at virtually every machine, log on, and start using it.
Every student can succeed.
Every student can then obtain all of the important information from the video.
Every student can tutor someone in some subject.
Every student can use it, and many do.
Every student can use it.
Every student can use word processing to write an essay.
Every student carries a personal planner in which they record their homework.
Every student checks out a book.
Every student chooses a project in consultation with the instructor.
Every student chooses one of the following subjects as a main teaching specialism.
Every student comes complete with all hardware necessary.
Every student comes for a one-month trial period to see if they are suited to the training.
Every student comes to school both with a language and with a culture.
Every student comes to the library once a week.
Every student completes a capstone or an advanced, senior-level writing project within the major.
Every student completes a directed research project.
Every student completes a master's thesis for graduation.
Every student completes a practise oriented project in a biomedical discipline.
Every student completes an independent project.
Every student completes and presents a directed research project.
Every student completes and presents an individual directed research project.
Every student completes and presents an individually directed research project.
Every student completes and presents the results of a directed research project.
Every student creates a working shopping cart before the end of the series.
Every student deserves a break.
Every student deserves a captive and full audience.
Every student deserves a fair chance to explain their behaviour before facing expulsion.
Every student deserves a fair portion of a judge's time.
Every student deserves a learning environment that is safe, challenging and inspiring.
Every student deserves a well-trained, competent and caring teacher.
Every student deserves an advocate.
Every student deserves an opportunity.
Every student deserves the benefit of our highest expectations.
Every student deserves the opportunity a cream-filled education offers.
Every student deserves the opportunity to be educated by certified and fully qualified teachers.
Every student deserves the opportunity to improve.
Every student deserves the opportunity to succeed.
Every student deserves the right to be successful.
Every student deserves to be recognized as an individual and taught accordingly.
Every student deserves to have a True Teacher.
Every student deserves to learn in a safe school environment, free of violence and harassment.
Every student designs their own home and produces the drawings needed to actually build the house.
Every student does a job shadow.
Every student does something different.
Every student draws phase diagram of water very easily.
Every student eats pizza.
Every student encounters struggles, conflicts, and obstacles in their teen years.
Every student enriches our community in a different way.
Every student enrolle d in the program is a member and the training is included in the curriculum.
Every student enrolled in the studio is required to participate in the program.
Every student entering the graduate program is assigned a graduate advisor.
Every student entering the program is assigned a faculty advisor.
Every student entering the school begins an initial career exploration in middle school.
Every student enters as a pre-journalism major.
Every student enters high school with the potential to continue their education after graduation.
Every student enters the program with highly developed expertise in at least one area.
Every student enters the room with a spark for learning.
Every student experiences comfort and safety in school.
Every student experiences success.
Every student experiences two math classes and two reading classes daily.
Every student falls somewhere along the continuum.
Every student feels and hears things different.
Every student feels like a link in a chain.
Every student gets a chance to use it in the advanced lab.
Every student gets a four month subscription with the purchase of the course text book.
Every student gets a lot of attention.
Every student gets an hour of math every day.
Every student gets an individual e-mail address, and has access to the Internet.
Every student gets an individual grade.
Every student gets at least one mentor and in one case ten mentors.
Every student gets individual attention from professors, teachers and training doctors.
Every student gets own ethernet jack in room.
Every student gets the opportunity to experience both hypnosis and self-hypnosis during the course.
Every student gets the same religious instruction.
Every student gets to use a full featured PC for hands on training .
Every student gets TWO hours per day to reserve computer time.
Every student gives the report approximately four to five times each semester.
Every student goes through a different set of production experiences.
Every student goes through it sooner or later.
Every student goes to the lab once a week for an hour.
Every student gradually develops a personal system for taking notes and studying for exams.
Every student graduating from a terminal program is required to complete an internship semester.
Every student has a beat topic and has to come up with original story ideas to report on.
Every student has a chance to appear in at least one play.
Every student has a close relationship with at least one adult in the school.
Every student has a competent, caring teacher.
Every student has a computer to work on and books are included in the price of the class.
Every student has a computer.
Every student has a different concept of learning.
Every student has a different design because every student randomly picks different instructions.
Every student has a different experience.
Every student has a different way of learning material.
Every student has a faculty adviser.
Every student has a faculty advisor who helps to plan the academic program.
Every student has a greater potential than anyone realizes.
Every student has a laser printer account that is built into their network account.
Every student has a magnetic tile with their name on it.
Every student has a notebook computer, a Web page and an electronic portfolio.
Every student has a partner to exchange questions and frustrations with.
Every student has a personal adult advocate at school.
Every student has a personal tutor with whom learning needs and difficulties can be discussed.
Every student has a personality, a weakness, a strength, a problem, a proud moment.
Every student has a private room, and usually only one student is placed per host family.
Every student has a private room, and usually only one student is placed with the host family.
Every student has a responsibility to maintain intellectual honesty.
Every student has a responsibility to take care of their lock and gym locker.
Every student has a right to conditions which allow pursuit of education.
Every student has a right to education and if any one student is interfering, they are violating.
Every student has a right to feel safe on our campus.
Every student has a set of goggles, but there aren t enough gloves to go around.
Every student has a single study-bedroom with telephone.
Every student has a supervisor and two associate supervisors.
Every student has a telephone hookup in their room for their use.
Every student has a unique background, aptitude, and ability to handle stress.
Every student has a unique learning style.
Every student has a unique perspective to bring to class discussion.
Every student has a unique potential.
Every student has a voice.
Every student has a workstation in the six chemistry teaching-labs.
Every student has abilities and talents that are worthy of being recognized and developed.
Every student has access to a computer.
Every student has access to a laptop computer and the Internet.
Every student has access to a licensed counselor and a master's level social worker.
Every student has access to a loom.
Every student has access to an academic advisor.
Every student has access to computer pools equipped with modern technology.
Every student has access to computers, e-mail and the Internet.
Every student has access to hard drives and servers to store their data.
Every student has access to professionals at no charge.
Every student has access to technology, regardless of socio-economic background.
Every student has access to ten free counseling sessions.
Every student has access to the core curriculum and receives specialized instruction as appropriate.
Every student has access to the instructional staff, without exception, for every course.
Every student has affinities which, if discovered and nurtured, can strengthen learning.
Every student has an academic adviser selected from among the faculty and administration.
Every student has an academic adviser to assist in scheduling and giving academic assistance.
Every student has an academic advisor to assist in course selection.
Every student has an academic Internet account number.
Every student has an account available.
Every student has an account on the campus network.
Every student has an account which allows access to the full facilities of the Internet.
Every student has an adviser.
Every student has an advocate at school.
Every student has an allotment of two non-excused absences.
Every student has an assigned counselor.
Every student has an assigned textbook in every subject.
Every student has an assignment notebook.
Every student has an electronic mail account.
Every student has an e-mail account so they can contact their classmates and professors at any time.
Every student has an email address.
Every student has an equal opportunity to submit ideas, comments and questions.
Every student has an important role to play in the business.
Every student has an individual network connection in their residence hall room.
Every student has an individual reading goal for the entire year.
Every student has an opportunity to apply for a nonpaying employment experience.
Every student has an opportunity to respond to every question.
Every student has an opportunity to speak.
Every student has areas of strength.
Every student has certain special abilities that they possess to succeed in life.
Every student has daily homework.
Every student has different acreages, ages, site indices, and stocking.
Every student has different musical desires and goals.
Every student has different needs and different lifestyles.
Every student has different studying ability.
Every student has diverse needs and different learning styles.
Every student has equal access to each position.
Every student has equal worth, and that isn t to be forgotten.
Every student has exposure to every faculty member.
Every student has favorites.
Every student has free e-mail and modem access .
Every student has fun becoming a server, setting up various access privileges.
Every student has genuine interest in gaining knowledge.
Every student has individual learning needs.
Every student has individual worth and the ability to learn.
Every student has Internet and intranet access and a personal email address.
Every student has math, penmanship, English and on alternate days, science and social studies.
Every student has no less then three on assigned topics in the course of a semester.
Every student has one on file at the college.
Every student has one.
Every student has outstanding learning opportunities, and student achievement is strong.
Every student has passion for and expertise on some facet of music.
Every student has rights which are to be respected.
Every student has several jobs, and every job has a tangible purpose.
Every student has several non-negotiable obligations to fulfill prior to graduation.
Every student has special gifts and talents to be discovered and nurtured.
Every student has strengths.
Every student has talents.
Every student has the ability and the right to learn.
Every student has the ability to apply for and receive a scholarship or grant.
Every student has the ability to do excellent things.
Every student has the best insight to their own particular educational needs.
Every student has the chance of earning an A grade.
Every student has the constitutional rights and responsibilities of any citizen under the law.
Every student has the opportunity to attend one or more proctored study halls daily.
Every student has the opportunity to be successful.
Every student has the opportunity to become involved in a club, activity or sport of their interest.
Every student has the opportunity to claim a successful year.
Every student has the opportunity to come in for additional help.
Every student has the opportunity to excel in academics, the fine arts, and athletics.
Every student has the opportunity to participate in a variety of retreat experiences.
Every student has the opportunity to participate in at least one public music performance each year.
Every student has the opportunity to use e-mail.
Every student has the opportunity to write one thing that they are good at on the T-shirt.
Every student has the option of electing a minor in addition to the chosen major.
Every student has the option to sign out a library book for approximately one week.
Every student has the possibility to earn the highest grade.
Every student has the potential to make a significant impact through service learning experiences.
Every student has the responsibility to learn the GU Honor Code and to abide by it.
Every student has the responsibility to participate in on-line discussion.
Every student has the responsibility to study and learn.
Every student has the right of access to their records.
Every student has the right to a hearing.
Every student has the right to a safe academic and living environment.
Every student has the right to an uninterrupted and safe instructional environment.
Every student has the right to appeal point assignments, gradings and performance evaluations.
Every student has the right to appeal.
Every student has the right to assessment that is valid, educative, explicit, reliable and fair.
Every student has the right to attend college in an environment that is free from sexual harassment.
Every student has the right to be an individual.
Every student has the right to be safe and successful.
Every student has the right to be taught by a qualified teacher.
Every student has the right to be treated fairly and ethically, with respect and dignity.
Every student has the right to choose from the many different lifestyles existing in our society.
Every student has the right to come to school and feel safe.
Every student has the right to conditions favorable to learning.
Every student has the right to exercise appeal under the published guidelines.
Every student has the right to expect that kind of work.
Every student has the right to feel safe when they are sitting in the classroom.
Every student has the right to gain access to their letters of evaluation.
Every student has the right to know all reported incidents of violence on each campus.
Every student has the right to learn and every teacher the duty.
Every student has the right to learn in a safe environment that is conducive to learning.
Every student has the right to learn.
Every student has the right to participate in all aspects of governing the school community.
Every student has the right to peaceful assembly in the general open spaces of the campus.
Every student has the right to petition or disseminate information on campus.
Every student has the right to privacy of learning.
Every student has the right to study in a supportive and encouraging environment.
Every student has the right to vote on matters discussed at theses assemblies.
Every student has their own account on our webserver.
Every student has their own computer and workbook - no one is asked to share.
Every student has their own directory, with teacher access.
Every student has their own email account.
Every student has their own e-mail account.
Every student has their own home page directory.
Every student has their own instrument.
Every student has their own keyboard and headphones.
Every student has their own learning pace.
Every student has their own PC to carry out data reduction, structure solution and refinement.
Every student has their own strengths and weaknesses.
Every student has three cards.
Every student has to actively participate in every class.
Every student has to be committed to helping rush succeed.
Every student has to feel like being an essential part of the student organisation.
Every student has to follow it to some degree, even though no one really wants to.
Every student has to have an account set up.
Every student has to maintain a field journal during field visits.
Every student has to respond to every question.
Every student has to ride a bus to school because our district is so spread out.
Every student has to take the real thing.
Every student has to write several reports and deliver piece of computer code or a hardware design.
Every student has unique needs.
Every student has unique qualities, interests, abilities and learning needs.
Every student has unique, innate abilities and has the capacity to learn and to be successful.
Every student has value and is capable of learning.
Every student helps determine the production's concept.
Every student helps with lighting and sets.
Every student holds a definite, integral role in the functions of Girls State.
Every student holds a sequence item and a word card.
Every student hopes for scholarships and grants, forms of aid which never have to be paid back.
Every student interns in a local laboratory before graduation.
Every student is a candidate for some type of financial aid .
Every student is a director.
Every student is a learner.
Every student is a mixture of outstanding and average traits and salient and misleading indicators.
Every student is a researcher, a chemist, a data analysis, a writer, and a computer whiz.
Every student is a teacher, whether a green, black or white belt.
Every student is a unique individual with preferred ways of learning.
Every student is a unique individual with the capacity for musical expression.
Every student is a unique individual.
Every student is a valuable contributor to their discipline's learning community.
Every student is a vital part of the class.
Every student is able to receive hands-on classroom instruction at individual workstations.
Every student is accountable for their actions.
Every student is advised to obtain one.
Every student is allocated a named tutor to give support throughout the programme of studies.
Every student is allocated a personal tutor from the course management team.
Every student is allocated a supervisor who has a pastoral as well as an academic role.
Every student is allocated an E-mail account at the being of the year.
Every student is allocated to a personal tutor who is normally the first point of contact.
Every student is an author and has a book to prove it.
Every student is an individual and needs to feel comfortable in the classroom.
Every student is an individual with unique opinions, experiences, etc.
Every student is an individual, and different approaches suit different people.
Every student is asked to complete a course evaluation to monitor class quality.
Every student is asked to sign a pledge to adhere to the Honor Code at matriculation.
Every student is asked to wear blue attire for a chance to win prizes.
Every student is asked to write the root on a piece of paper of the same color with a magic marker.
Every student is assigned a faculty advisor when they declare a major.
Every student is assigned a faculty advisor.
Every student is assigned a faculty or academic advisor.
Every student is assigned a locker with a working lock to keep thier valuables.
Every student is assigned a member of the faculty as an academic advisor.
Every student is assigned a mentor from a health care profession.
Every student is assigned a network account and password once they enroll.
Every student is assigned a personal physician, also called a primary care physician.
Every student is assigned a personal tutor for support and guidance.
Every student is assigned a personal tutor.
Every student is assigned a post office box and E-mail address during first year registration.
Every student is assigned a post office box on campus.
Every student is assigned a pre-major advisor.
Every student is assigned a study group of four to six individuals.
Every student is assigned a supervisor.
Every student is assigned a voice mailbox.
Every student is assigned an academic adviser.
Every student is assigned an academic advisor when they attend orientation.
Every student is assigned an academic advisor.
Every student is assigned an advisor.
Every student is assigned an e-mail account during the term of registration.
Every student is assigned to a counselor according to the first letter of their last name.
Every student is assigned to a faculty advisor.
Every student is assigned to a faculty consultant.
Every student is assigned to a group that presents an article.
Every student is assigned to a job for one term each academic year.
Every student is assigned to a reading teacher who oversees the specifics of that child's program.
Every student is assigned to a well-prepared faculty advisor in the student's area of interest.
Every student is assisted by a job coach.
Every student is at a different level.
Every student is at an individualized point along a developmental or maturational continuum.
Every student is awarded with a skill level diploma and achievement report.
Every student is capable of contributing something to an orchestra.
Every student is capable of learning and has the right to quality education.
Every student is capable of playing the part of the hero or heroine in a beautiful success story.
Every student is capable of sincere, honest effort and respectful classroom- interaction.
Every student is concerned about college costs.
Every student is contacted by a staff member every day.
Every student is different, and their learning capacity is just as diverse.
Every student is different.
Every student is eligible for federal educational loans.
Every student is eligible for some form of financial aid.
Every student is eligible for some type of financial aid .
Every student is eligible for some type of student loan.
Every student is eligible.
Every student is encouraged to achieve a minimum number of points for the year.
Every student is encouraged to apply for financial aid.
Every student is encouraged to apply in order to determine eligibility.
Every student is encouraged to attend recitations.
Every student is encouraged to develop a healthful lifestyle.
Every student is encouraged to do their best.
Every student is encouraged to excel, to grow, to serve, to understand and to create.
Every student is encouraged to have a campus e-mail account.
Every student is encouraged to learn the job search process and to work part-time.
Every student is encouraged to live with a Chinese roommate attending a local university.
Every student is encouraged to make effort to actively participate in all class activities.
Every student is encouraged to meet with personnel in the CRC to develop a career search strategy.
Every student is encouraged to participate in a team sport.
Every student is encouraged to participate in at least one activity.
Every student is encouraged to participate in at least one student organization.
Every student is encouraged to participate in athletics, and several choices are offered.
Every student is encouraged to participate in some area of Christian service.
Every student is encouraged to participate in some club or extracurricular activity.
Every student is encouraged to pick up a handbook.
Every student is encouraged to pursue their own particular vision.
Every student is encouraged to seek summer employment in the construction industry.
Every student is encouraged to take part.
Every student is encouraged to take private lessons .
Every student is encouraged to use a scientific calculator to aid in computations.
Every student is enrolled under the auspices of one of the faculties.
Every student is entitled by law to equal treatment.
Every student is entitled to a computer account.
Every student is entitled to a free e-mail address.
Every student is entitled to a safe and orderly learning environment.
Every student is entitled to a school that is safe and that assures learning.
Every student is entitled to an education in each discipline.
Every student is entitled to an e-mail account.
Every student is entitled to be treated with respect, dignity, equity and without discrimination.
Every student is entitled to freedom of action as a necessary expression of scholarly activities.
Every student is entitled to have breakfast or to take the cold packaged choices for snack .
Every student is entitled to know what it takes to succeed.
Every student is entitled to miss one week of entries with no penalty.
Every student is entitled to one appeal hearing.
Every student is entitled to proper study and quiet sleeping conditions in the residence halls.
Every student is entitled to receive school instruction in English.
Every student is entitled to the best education the community can provide.
Every student is entitled to the personal, equal dignity of human being.
Every student is equally important.
Every student is equipped with a computer, printer and modem.
Every student is equipped with a notebook computer, portable printer and modem.
Every student is essential to the jigsaw group's success, so every group member is held accountable.
Every student is everybody's student.
Every student is given a copy of each one and is given a thorough explanation of the rubrics.
Every student is given a network account and password, as well as an e-mail account and password.
Every student is given a planning booklet for homework assignments.
Every student is given a state hunter safety course, an exam and a certificate upon passing.
Every student is given a student policy sheet to read and take home.
Every student is given access to email and the world wide web.
Every student is given all the above accounts.
Every student is given an agenda book at the beginning of the school year.
Every student is given an assignment and responsibility that changes every day.
Every student is given an e-mail account without charge.
Every student is given an e-mail account.
Every student is given an e-mail address and access to numerous computer labs.
Every student is given an individual email account with file store.
Every student is given an opportunity to participate.
Every student is given numerous opportunities to succeed and encouraged along each step of the way.
Every student is given some kind of a special part as well as participating with the class.
Every student is given the chance to succeed.
Every student is given the opportunity to shoot a file.
Every student is given the possibility of a confidential interaction with the school and an adult.
Every student is guaranteed a position.
Every student is guaranteed housing on campus for all four years of the baccalaureate program.
Every student is heard and the class can be enriched by the range of perceptions.
Every student is here to learn from experienced faculty.
Every student is honor-bound to refrain from lying, cheating and stealing.
Every student is important.
Every student is included in the discussion.
Every student is instilled with a life-long love of learning.
Every student is invited and encouraged to attend.
Every student is invited to attend meetings and express their ideas and concerns.
Every student is invited to contribute artwork and photographs to the staff.
Every student is invited to contribute manuscripts, artwork and photographs to the staff.
Every student is involved in career planning.
Every student is involved in choir, band, or both.
Every student is issued a laptop computer and all classrooms are wired to the Internet.
Every student is issued a mail box and key.
Every student is issued a private voice mail account.
Every student is issued a student identification card once they enroll.
Every student is issued an email account upon request .
Every student is issued with an e-mail address.
Every student is known and appreciated in a diverse, collaborative community.
Every student is literate.
Every student is looked after as an individual.
Every student is offered advisement to define goals and identify abilities.
Every student is on a quest for independence.
Every student is part of a learning community which includes school, community and home.
Every student is part of a smaller group with a teacher.
Every student is permitted two absences without penalty.
Every student is polled with a question that's attached to the course registration form.
Every student is provided instruction and hands-on experience within the field of Horticulture.
Every student is provided the opportunity to know and work with a variety of peers.
Every student is provided with a free email account for their use.
Every student is provided with a personal workspace for storing documents and handling email.
Every student is provided with an adviser to assist in course and career planning.
Every student is provided with an e-mail account.
Every student is provided with free access to the web and email.
Every student is provided with individual workstations for complete hands-on instruction.
Every student is recognized as gifted.
Every student is required to assemble a mineral collection.
Every student is required to attain proficiency in a foreign language.
Every student is required to attend all assigned classes.
Every student is required to attend all seminars designated by the department during the semester.
Every student is required to attend exams according to the scheduled time.
Every student is required to attend midterm and final exams at the scheduled time and place.
Every student is required to attend the final.
Every student is required to attend the presentation session.
Every student is required to audition for a concert band.
Every student is required to be on a meal plan for at least their first six semesters.
Every student is required to bring a calculator to every class as well as to all exams.
Every student is required to bring a calculator to every class.
Every student is required to choose a major .
Every student is required to choose a major.
Every student is required to comment on the readings on our e-mail discussion list.
Every student is required to complete a legal project .
Every student is required to complete a major course of study for graduation.
Every student is required to complete a major work in each of the three areas of writing.
Every student is required to complete all assignments and to submit a complete sketchbook.
Every student is required to complete an academic major.
Every student is required to complete an independent study project or a thesis.
Every student is required to complete every class.
Every student is required to complete such a project.
Every student is required to complete the career module.
Every student is required to complete the common, comprehensive departmental final exam.
Every student is required to complete three years in the program in order to get the credit.
Every student is required to enroll at the time and in the manner prescribed by the registrar.
Every student is required to enroll in music theory each semester.
Every student is required to fill in the survey form.
Every student is required to fill out a data form each year.
Every student is required to have a faculty advisor.
Every student is required to have a manual and a state certification test.
Every student is required to have a medical insurance.
Every student is required to have an email account.
Every student is required to have an emergency card on file in the school office.
Every student is required to have permission from a parent or guardian before using the Internet.
Every student is required to have their own phone.
Every student is required to keep class notes in a binder separate from all other subjects.
Every student is required to own a graphics calculator.
Every student is required to own a laptop.
Every student is required to participate in weekly laboratory sessions.
Every student is required to pay an annual registration fee.
Every student is required to pay matriculation.
Every student is required to perform the experiments and submit laboratory reports.
Every student is required to prepare a major exegetical paper.
Every student is required to present a medical examination before first registration.
Every student is required to present an oral report during the semester.
Every student is required to register in person.
Every student is required to register prior to each academic year.
Every student is required to see a spiritual director regularly.
Every student is required to select a payment option and sign the payment agreement.
Every student is required to submit a resume for approval.
Every student is required to submit four recent photos for their first promotion.
Every student is required to take a final examination.
Every student is required to take a First Year Seminar.
Every student is required to take both of the exams .
Every student is required to take five courses each year, in addition to physical education.
Every student is required to take part in sports each year.
Every student is required to take rhetoric.
Every student is required to take the final examination.
Every student is required to take the regular examinations unless excused.
Every student is required to take three courses in the finance curriculum.
Every student is required to teach gross anatomy at least once before graduation.
Every student is required to use information technology actively.
Every student is required to vacate the building immediately at the sound of the fire alarm.
Every student is required to wear a uniform consisting of a white shirt and blue skirt or trousers.
Every student is required to work in a firm full-time while going to school at night.
Every student is required to write a senior thesis.
Every student is required two semesters of a physical education activity class.
Every student is respected and valued by adults and by fellow students.
Every student is responsible for all material covered in class when absent.
Every student is responsible for all material presented and announcements made during any class.
Every student is responsible for all the material in every session.
Every student is responsible for all work missed, including examinations, due to absence from class.
Every student is responsible for announcements and handouts given in the class.
Every student is responsible for dropping classes.
Every student is responsible for getting the assignments and for coming to class prepared each day.
Every student is responsible for having sufficient funds for initial expenses.
Every student is responsible for informed participation in the discussion of each book.
Every student is responsible for knowing what the rules are.
Every student is responsible for lab assignments on time regardless of attendance in class.
Every student is responsible for reading the core readings.
Every student is responsible for securing a current U.S. passport prior to departure.
Every student is responsible for the content of class lectures and textbooks.
Every student is responsible for the material presented.
Every student is responsible for the reading list.
Every student is responsible for their homework assignments, lecture notes, hand outs, and exams.
Every student is rostered on to be one of the three cooks every two weeks.
Every student is scheduled into four courses each quarter of the year.
Every student is screened a the beginning of each school year.
Every student is self-responsible.
Every student is special.
Every student is supposed to give a different talk, as chosen from the list circulated in lectures.
Every student is surrounded by adults with meaningful authority and genuine concern.
Every student is suspect.
Every student is sworn to total secrecy.
Every student is taught that the basis for damages is Hadley.
Every student is to accept the responsibility for satisfactory attendance in courses.
Every student is to be prompt and regular in attendance.
Every student is to hand in four response papers over the course of the semester.
Every student is to maintain an organized collection of their written work in a large binder.
Every student is to select a number.
Every student is to walk around the room and find people who can sign each section.
Every student is treated with the same level of respect despite any differences.
Every student is unique and each requires special attention.
Every student is unique and has their own individual strengths and weaknesses.
Every student is unique and high achievement schools reflect the uniqueness of their students.
Every student is unique because every brain processes information differently.
Every student is unique in what they represent.
Every student is unique with special talents and abilities.
Every student is unique, a fact which makes comparison intrinsically difficult.
Every student is unique, but every student falls into a group.
Every student is unique.
Every student is urged to attend every laboratory session.
Every student is urged to join and become active in at least one club.
Every student is urged to support student body activities.
Every student is valuable.
Every student is very much encouraged to feel at ease.
Every student is weighed, measured and screened for visual acuity once each year.
Every student is welcome and medication is sold at low rates.
Every student is welcome to join the club, regardless of ability level.
Every student is welcome.
Every student is, therefore, required to demonstrate competence in writing English or French.
Every student joins and participates, because that's where every student was headed.
Every student knows how to explain the Bill of Rights which guards the peoples' liberties.
Every student knows it can be difficult to cheat on tests.
Every student knows that drinking and drug use are illegal.
Every student learns at different pace.
Every student learns best in a different way.
Every student learns differently and explores writing with different techniques.
Every student learns how to juggle at an appropriate level of ability.
Every student learns the same material, which is taught in the same way.
Every student lives and learns differently.
Every student lives with a Spanish family in Madrid, one student to a family.
Every student makes a contractual agreement to.
Every student makes a four-year educational plan in the ninth grade.
Every student makes a graduation work consisting of appr.
Every student makes a pa ndau.
Every student means every student.
Every student meets weekly with art and music teachers for a variety of experiences.
Every student needs a basic understanding of information processing.
Every student needs a clear mind to succeed in studying .
Every student needs a comfortable place to site down and relax.
Every student needs a computer linked to a telephone line to participate.
Every student needs a copy of the traditional prayer book.
Every student needs a firm grasp of the basics like reading, writing, and math.
Every student needs a plan for paying for their education.
Every student needs a smile, some encouragement, and humor everyday.
Every student needs an e-mail account.
Every student needs an individual e-mail account.
Every student needs certain supplies to have a successful year.
Every student needs extra reading practice daily.
Every student needs lunch during the school day.
Every student needs one.
Every student needs quantitative skills, and the courses below all cover applied statistics.
Every student needs to be comfortable with technology, which is a necessity for most careers.
Every student needs to get at least six hours of sleep per night.
Every student needs to have two notebooks - one for everyday work and one for current events.
Every student needs to know how to evaluate the literature and understand research and outcomes.
Every student needs to learn how to learn independently.
Every student needs to take the core academic classes.
Every student now has a computer and Internet access at home.
Every student now has both an email account and a default web page.
Every student now has the opportunity for access to the Internet.
Every student participates each semester, except for the first semester of the first year.
Every student participates in a four-year religious studies program.
Every student participates in a musical performance for parents each year.
Every student participates in a program to teach the skills of interpersonal decision-making.
Every student participates in a team design project as well as an individual research project.
Every student participates in building a robot.
Every student participates in career exploration from middle school through tenth grade.
Every student participates in classroom guidance lessons taught by our full time counselor.
Every student participates in computer classes.
Every student participates in some phase of the business.
Every student participates in the sponsored activities at no cost.
Every student participates with faculty in research and scholarship.
Every student participates, learns and grows at their own pace from any level of athletic ability.
Every student passes algebra.
Every student performs a field project arraigned by the school.
Every student plays an important part in promoting it.
Every student possesses a unique set of interests, goals, abilities, and liabilities.
Every student possesses capacity for a wide spectrum of possible behaviors.
Every student possesses the capacity for a wide spectrum of possible behaviors.
Every student probably uses a computer at least once a day in some capacity.
Every student puts one in, and takes another out.
Every student ranging from high functioning to low functioning is challenged.
Every student receives a certificate after completing a course in language and math.
Every student receives a certificate of participation.
Every student receives a citizenship grade in each class.
Every student receives a diffraction grating.
Every student receives a handbook.
Every student receives a life time membership policy.
Every student receives a lifetime membership poicy.
Every student receives a lifetime membership policy .
Every student receives a lifetime membership policy.
Every student receives a lifetime membership.
Every student receives a manual for reference and practice.
Every student receives a personal e-mail account and has access to updated, open computer labs.
Every student receives a private lesson weekly.
Every student receives a study guide for the show.
Every student receives a subsidy, a reduction from the actual cost of providing the education.
Every student receives a workbook.
Every student receives a workout videotape of their work.
Every student receives academic advising upon registration.
Every student receives additional support from a personal tutor for each course.
Every student receives an advising audit each semester during registration.
Every student receives an e-mail account when they register.
Every student receives an e-mail account, which can be used to send and receive messages.
Every student receives an e-mail Internet address on a computer named 'zoot'.
Every student receives an e-mail Internet address on 'zoot' servers.
Every student receives an individual professional grade.
Every student receives consistent training and has the ability to follow-up on learned material.
Every student receives coupons good for future rentals and lesson.
Every student receives direct guidance from the advisors within the program.
Every student receives email messages before the bar to ensure consistent focus and support.
Every student receives free camp time with their family or alone at a specialty camp.
Every student receives individual attention and training in their functional area.
Every student receives individual attention.
Every student receives one degree audit.
Every student receives personal attention from our professional golf staff.
Every student receives personal attention from the professors.
Every student receives reading and writing instruction for ninety minutes everyday.
Every student receives reading instruction or enrichment.
Every student receives the finest possible education.
Every student receives the paper through the student service fee.
Every student receives the same number of runs regardless of the size of the class.
Every student receives twelve hours of instruction over four weeks.
Every student registered for a distance learning class receives an orientation letter.
Every student registered in the class receives all messages posted to the list.
Every student respects others.
Every student s assistive technology needs are unique.
Every student seeking a Master's degree in physics is required to pass the master's exam.
Every student seems full of their own merit and quick to put down other professions.
Every student selecting an extended payment option is assessed a monthly finance charge.
Every student selects a sample of two 'barra' at random and calculates the mean length.
Every student selects either the geology concentration or the earth science track.
Every student shares the same curriculum.
Every student shares their findings with the rest of the new group.
Every student sits at an open Web connection and the teacher stands alongside and behind.
Every student sits at their own computer, with room on the desk for their take-home manual.
Every student speak English very well.
Every student spends about half the time being instructed in Spanish and half in English.
Every student spends more than five hours every weekday in class.
Every student starts with a clean slate.
Every student submitting an application is interviewed.
Every student takes at least three units each quarter.
Every student takes at least three units of classes every quarter.
Every student takes at least three units of credit each quarter.
Every student takes calligraphy as a part of fine arts.
Every student takes classes including English, mathematics, science, and foreign languages.
Every student takes graduate training seminars in composition teaching.
Every student takes on the challenge of an innovative final-year project.
Every student takes three units each quarter.
Every student takes two courses in the Christian tradition to satisfy the graduation requirement.
Every student takes two showers during the week.
Every student takes typing instruction and an introduction to computers in sixth grade.
Every student taking the course for credit is required to complete a mid-term exam.
Every student teaches and every teacher learns.
Every student use the computer laps.
Every student utilizes technology on campus on a daily basis.
Every student values the thought of a relaxing summer vacation.
Every student walks into the classroom with a clean slate and a chance to make today a good day.
Every student wants a scholarship.
Every student wants and expects rules.
Every student wants to be esteemed socially.
Every student wants to check out scholarship opportunities.
Every student wants to find an exciting, rewarding, and fulfilling career.
Every student wants to maintain a safe and pleasant environment.
Every student wants to see a pattern for every topics of the material.
Every student wins an instant prize by uncovering a circle on the card.
Every student wishes for open access after passing their national or state boards to any state.
Every student works at their own pace.
Every student works hard.
Every student works on a crew for the semester.
Every student works on job finding with a faculty member who has worked with the student in class.
Every student works to their full potential.
Every student writes a senior thesis.
Every student writes each day - and spelling and syntax count in the grading.
Every student writes each day and spelling and syntax count in the grading.
Every student writes for at least one hour every day during our writers' workshop.
Every students brings talents and abilities, and also limitations and disabilities.
Every students has an e-mail account.
Every students has to accomplish eighty-days practical work in several factories.
Every students is given a library number.
Many students often develop colds and other minor aliments during final exams.
Many students often get sick in their first couple of weeks on campus.
Many students often give up too easily.
Many students often meet their friends here for lunch between classes.
Many students often remember hands-on learning best.
Many student apply for and receive work study funds.
Many student believe that the equal sign simply means to give the answer.
Many student choose a mix of academics and vocational training.
Many student earn six credits within six weeks.
Many student find they receive as much as they give.
Many student have outside jobs or work study positions on campus.
Many student like to begin their research by consulting an encyclopedia.
Many student receive both the certificate and the degree.
Many student underestimate the time it takes to complete the packet.
Many students abroad live independently for the first time.
Many students accelerate their course work by taking advantage of the summer quarter.
Many students access the system from home using modem connections.
Many students accomplish their enrollment by working on one course at a time.
Many students acquire experience through internships, summer work or part-time work.
Many students act in plays, sing and tour with the choir, or play in the band or orchestra.
Many students actually change their career ideas after their work experience.
Many students actually perform better than they have all year long.
Many students actually shoot better with the sights taped.
Many students add a sociology or psychology major or minor to increase their marketability.
Many students advance their knowledge and research skills in graduate and professional schools.
Many students agree that ideology and history play key roles in international relations.
Many students agree that it is a very good idea.
Many students agree.
Many students already have access to private insurance as dependants under parental plans.
Many students already have job contracts before graduating.
Many students already have master's degrees in technical fields, and some have PhD's or MDs.
Many students already have offers coming off their co-op or summer job experiences.
Many students already know what they want to specialize in before they even begin classes.
Many students already navigate online databases and explore CD-ROM encyclopedias at home.
Many students already own halogen lamps and don t want to buy something else.
Many students already participate in service while in college.
Many students already view substitutes as babysitters.
Many students already work for airlines in some capacity before enrolling at the academy.
Many students also access their school's professional development funds.
Many students also accompany other students' recitals or participate in ensembles.
Many students also arrive on campus with significant community-service experience.
Many students also attend private cram schools for several additional hours per week.
Many students also attend Spanish speaking churches with their Honduran families or friends.
Many students also become proficient in the use of computers.
Many students also become teachers.
Many students also begin to take specialty seminar courses in their second year.
Many students also benefit from clinical assistance.
Many students also benefit from role playing during their therapy sessions.
Many students also benefit from scholarships and awards based on merit.
Many students also benefit from the real world experience and the lasting friendships.
Many students also bring breakfast items to be eaten in their dorm rooms or apartments.
Many students also bring electronic equipment.
Many students also car pool to campus.
Many students also change their major at least once while they are here.
Many students also choose philosophy as a second major.
Many students also choose tailor-made courses to meet their specific needs.
Many students also choose to combine a study experience with an international internship.
Many students also choose to find their own housing off-campus.
Many students also choose to go on to doctoral studies.
Many students also choose to have a minor field of study as well.
Many students also choose to participate in sports as an extra-curricular activity.
Many students also choose to purchase cellular phones for their stay in France.
Many students also choose to seek advanced degrees.
Many students also choose to share apartments to reduce housing costs.
Many students also choose to take off a quarter or two to work or to meet family obligations.
Many students also choose to take one or more peace studies courses as electives.
Many students also choose to work at prime resort areas in other states.
Many students also collaborate with faculty in one of the five full-time research laboratories.
Many students also collaborate with professors on original research.
Many students also combine a philosophy major with a pre-med curriculum.
Many students also communicate through e-mail.
Many students also complete a modern language minor.
Many students also complete an independent study.
Many students also complete internships where they hone and expand their skills.
Many students also conduct research as part of a departmental research assistantship responsibility.
Many students also consult private real estate agencies in Boston and surrounding communities.
Many students also continue their education in graduate school here and elsewhere.
Many students also continue their education, receiving advanced degrees.
Many students also develop a substantial project from the experience.
Many students also develop clever ways to secure disks inside the project report.
Many students also earn partial support from hourly employment.
Many students also earn state, regional and national recognition within their disciplines.
Many students also eat the vegetarian options at the student dining facilities.
Many students also elect to complete a full-time internship in a community setting.
Many students also elect to work on campus during their college career.
Many students also end up publishing one or more scientific papers based on their Honours research.
Many students also engage in charitable works.
Many students also enjoy participating in, or cheering.
Many students also enjoy the flexibility of having a laptop computer.
Many students also enter church and parachurch vocations immediately upon graduation.
Many students also express their opinions.
Many students also finance the program through savings and student loans.
Many students also find a field experience placement appropriate to their academic interests.
Many students also find off-campus employment in the local community.
Many students also find opportunities to converse with foreign students in their native languages.
Many students also find summer internships in industry.
Many students also find that it is easier to get involved on an American campus.
Many students also find the program is an excellent pre-law curriculum.
Many students also find the program to be an excellent pre-law curriculum.
Many students also find themselves too shy or simply unwilling to go to a counselor to ask for help.
Many students also find work in other countries such as Germany or Japan.
Many students also gain valuable experience as volunteers with local schools.
Many students also give the second reader a copy.
Many students also go on to graduate schools to pursue their field of research.
Many students also go on to graduate study in Sociology itself.
Many students also go on to law school, to medical school, and to careers in the diplomatic service.
Many students also go on to medical school or Ph.D. programs.
Many students also go to Germany or Austria as assistant teachers, paid by the host country.
Many students also have an allowance for loan origination fees included in their budget.
Many students also have an opportunity to work with researchers.
Many students also have family responsibilities.
Many students also have food hypersensitivities.
Many students also have learning disabilities and communication needs.
Many students also have learning disabilities.
Many students also have longer work experiences when they enter the university.
Many students also have new desks, chairs and bookshelves.
Many students also have space for their personal use in faculty laboratories.
Many students also have the impression that Africa is composed primarily of wildlife.
Many students also help finance their legal education by part-time employment.
Many students also hold internships in the community.
Many students also improve skills in a second language while studying abroad.
Many students also initiate internet searches to explore law schools.
Many students also live in Pacific Beach.
Many students also live in private housing in the city or town.
Many students also love dinosaurs.
Many students also make presentations at professional meetings and several are published.
Many students also model their national clothing.
Many students also move into careers in counselling and community health services.
Many students also obtain internships with local companies or hospitals.
Many students also opt to spend a semester studying abroad to further absorb the culture.
Many students also own bicycles, motorcycles, mopeds, or walk to school.
Many students also participate in a variety of communication-related campus organizations.
Many students also participate in extra curricular activities such as sport, debating and drama.
Many students also participate in group sessions with support staff.
Many students also participate in internships or study abroad programs .
Many students also participate in internships or study-abroad programs .
Many students also participate in musical groups and theater productions.
Many students also participate in our growing playwriting program.
Many students also pay their own fees.
Many students also play on intramural teams, such as soccer, basketball, tennis, and softball.
Many students also project holographic images over their bright clothing.
Many students also pursue research interests through individual or small group research experiences.
Many students also qualify for a minor in biology.
Many students also receive credit for independent projects and internships.
Many students also receive fellowships from area study programs.
Many students also receive financial support from grants and other sources during the summer months.
Many students also receive scholarship support.
Many students also receive scholarships.
Many students also receive some funding from their employers.
Many students also receive tuition reimbursement from their employers.
Many students also remember the standard explanation for the disaster.
Many students also rent, borrow or purchase new or used equipment once they get to Vancouver.
Many students also report contacts, which have led to opportunities for employment.
Many students also seek part-time employment in the community of Forest City.
Many students also seek private scholarships to help meet college costs.
Many students also seem to lose their command of English.
Many students also serve as research interns with department faculty or in research units on campus.
Many students also show interest in actuarial science.
Many students also stop in Hawaii on their return to the United States.
Many students also submit a resume.
Many students also supplement their income with earnings from part-time work.
Many students also take a first-year course.
Many students also take advantage of jobs obtained through our work-study program.
Many students also take advantage of our innovative summer courses.
Many students also take an additional language.
Many students also take courses in computer science.
Many students also take courses in Hebrew.
Many students also take intensive summer language programs in the U.S. or abroad.
Many students also take special courses at area colleges during the summer break.
Many students also take the bus to campus.
Many students also undertake independent experiential learning projects.
Many students also use email on a regular basis.
Many students also use their financial aid for study abroad.
Many students also use their supporting courses to pursue a minor.
Many students also volunteer.
Many students also work as research or teaching assistants to earn a stipend.
Many students also work in election campaigns at the local, state, and national level.
Many students also work in nationally recognized community-based internship programs.
Many students also work in packaging related jobs with local companies.
Many students also work in the term time to support themselves.
Many students also work part time on campus, some in our international office.
Many students also work part-time while enrolled.
Many students also work part-time while going to college.
Many students also write and produce classroom plays.
Many students alternate semesters between the two organizations.
Many students apparently do stumble across hate sites while surfing the net.
Many students appear to be taking a relatively safe approach to on-line investing.
Many students appear to become confused.
Many students apply directly to the local businesses.
Many students apply for a dozen summer internships to land even one.
Many students apply for aid, and the money available is limited.
Many students apply for and receive scholarships from private sources.
Many students apply to colleges which require test scores as part of their admissions process.
Many students appreciate the recognition that comes from receiving awards.
Many students appreciate the structure and guidance offered by the built-in resume writer.
Many students approach multiple choice questions lightly.
Many students are able to adjust.
Many students are able to and are looking for such work to complete courses.
Many students are able to apply their talents and abilities to ministry outreach groups .
Many students are able to assist professors with independent research projects.
Many students are able to assist with language capacity.
Many students are able to become involved with faculty-directed research projects.
Many students are able to complete their requirements at the campus hotel.
Many students are able to do such research in connection with a faculty member's grant.
Many students are able to find employment in their academic area of interest.
Many students are able to fly on their own after only a few lessons.
Many students are able to help meet their college expenses by working part time while in college.
Many students are able to leverage the skills acquired to gain rewarding positions.
Many students are able to locate internships and externships that pay a stipend.
Many students are able to pay in full at the time of enrollment.
Many students are able to relate to the idea of vengeance.
Many students are able to relieve some of their stress by attending.
Many students are able to return to a more traditional educational program.
Many students are able to save money to help pay for their college education.
Many students are able to secure work on weekends or an occasional evening.
Many students are able to take advantage of such a resource for various reasons.
Many students are able to transfer to their departments after one semester.
Many students are active in musical and drama groups on the campus and in the community.
Many students are active in social and professional organizations and clubs.
Many students are active in two or more activities.
Many students are active in volunteer programs with agencies in the local community.
Many students are active participants in the various club sports at Unity.
Many students are afraid of failure.
Many students are afraid of the library.
Many students are afraid to raise their hand and risk embarassment in front of their friends.
Many students are afraid to return to classes because of the threat.
Many students are allergic to it.
Many students are already savvy when it comes to emailing a teacher or searching for a topic online.
Many students are also able to obtain part-time English tutoring work which pays very well.
Many students are also concerned about the increasing impacts of humans on marine ecosystems.
Many students are also eligible for national scholarships in broadcasting and related areas.
Many students are also employees of course.
Many students are also engaged in legal services and outreach programs.
Many students are also interested in joining the Chorus.
Many students are also involved in our sports programs .
Many students are also ready for a break after fifty minutes.
Many students are also undermotivated.
Many students are always uncertain about basic genetic concepts.
Many students are angry about parking tickets.
Many students are anxious about job interviews.
Many students are anxious about their ability to perform at the college level.
Many students are anxious to deny there is a problem.
Many students are apathetic.
Many students are appalled at the very concept of composing at the computer.
Many students are at risk during some point in their middle school career.
Many students are available to work two consecutive quarters for a six month long work assignment.
Many students are away from home for the first time and are often tempted to try new things.
Many students are away from home for the first time, often for their first experience in a big city.
Many students are better prepared for the job market after graduation.
Many students are bored because the classroom is irrelevant to the real world and the job community.
Many students are business leaders in Europe.
Many students are capable of completing college-level studies during secondary school.
Many students are comfortable using the web when searching for information.
Many students are comfortable working in a linear learning environment.
Many students are completely unaware that the university posts their home addresses online.
Many students are concerned about accreditation, and rightly so.
Many students are concerned about how major choice relates to potential career fields.
Many students are concerned about protecting their public identities.
Many students are concerned about the future.
Many students are concerned about their health.
Many students are concerned about their reading skills, in particular their reading speed.
Many students are concerned about waiver and substitution policies for students with disabilities.
Many students are concerned with the rise in tuition.
Many students are concerned with their personal growth and adjustment to the college environment.
Many students are confused about syntax, word order, or grammatical forms.
Many students are confused about the correct use of apostrophes.
Many students are creative and talented in music, writing, art, video production or other areas.
Many students are curious and respectful of nature.
Many students are delighted with the display put on downstairs.
Many students are dissatisfied.
Many students are eager to attend class but lack of transportation prevents it.
Many students are eager to take instrumental music lessons.
Many students are either married or in serious relationships, and some have children too.
Many students are either undecided about a major or change their minds after enrollment.
Many students are eligible for a second baccalaureate degree.
Many students are eligible for assistance.
Many students are eligible for extended time as a testing accomodation.
Many students are eligible for financial aid.
Many students are eligible for some type of financial assistance.
Many students are eligible for student loans and grants which can be applied to the program fee.
Many students are eligible for teaching fellowships beginning in the first year of study.
Many students are eligible to receive financial aid pursuant to their college education.
Many students are encouraged to know that they have a mother figure away from home.
Many students are enrolled in kindergarten programs of one or two years.
Many students are equestrian majors and spend the majority of their daily lives at the barn.
Many students are exceptional to some degree.
Many students are excited about the computerized sections and the classes fill up quickly.
Many students are excited about the opening of the new building.
Many students are excited about the plans.
Many students are far from home, often for the first time.
Many students are fearful of lab instruments.
Many students are fearful of using laboratory instruments and other tools.
Many students are fearless, unfazed, and unchallenged by their law school experience.
Many students are first-generation college students from families with limited financial resources.
Many students are first-generation immigrants from a middle class background.
Many students are forgetful with quotation marks.
Many students are fortunate to get several interviews within a short period of time.
Many students are frightened by examinations that require written answers of any length.
Many students are from broken homes and never meet their biological relatives.
Many students are from developing countries.
Many students are from other cities and states and many live in dorms.
Many students are from other majors which also seem to be increasing in numbers.
Many students are from relatively affluent backgrounds.
Many students are full-time parents.
Many students are happy with hot dogs and potato chips.
Many students are hard workers.
Many students are heavily involved in community activities including church membership and coaching.
Many students are hesitant to request general information about the course from the instructor.
Many students are homesick or feel alienated.
Many students are hungry for that experience.
Many students are in a combination of paths, depending on their individual skills and interests.
Many students are in a financial crunch.
Many students are in a foreign environment for the first time.
Many students are in all three.
Many students are in an abusive family situation.
Many students are in choir and band or orchestra and one of the smaller groups.
Many students are in costumes of the time period.
Many students are in similar circumstances with problems or decisions to make.
Many students are in the dark as to who won the elections.
Many students are in the habit of asking questions in their essays.
Many students are in the same classroom but each student can be given a individual education.
Many students are initially angry or upset because of being enrolled in a program.
Many students are intellectually engaged and work hard.
Many students are interested in clinical psychology.
Many students are interested in information services and publishing.
Many students are interested in intern positions while they complete their education.
Many students are interested in listening exercises.
Many students are interested in specific parts of the country.
Many students are interested in sports.
Many students are interested in taking courses at other universities.
Many students are interested only in an introduction to economics.
Many students are interested, but few know of the many opportunities the intramural office provides.
Many students are just beginning the career hunt, others are career changers.
Many students are keen simply to learn English.
Many students are keen to gain employment after graduation in the north west.
Many students are less than completely comfortable conversing in Spanish.
Many students are likely to do better if they have a relationship with the teacher outside of class.
Many students are likely to have accounts on both machines.
Many students are married and have families.
Many students are more involved than ever.
Many students are more motivated to do work in the laboratory than attend lectures and take exams.
Many students are mothers who discover a new self-esteem.
Many students are much more comfortable with their peers, and they are more willing to seek help.
Many students are music majors and minors.
Many students are natoinal swimming queens.
Many students are never prepared for class.
Many students are nevertheless unable to finish high school for lack of the annual tuition fee.
Many students are no longer available at a set time or place for instruction.
Many students are now able to use the new phone registration system to add and drop courses.
Many students are now older, trying to balance school with jobs and families.
Many students are of legal age and choose to consume alcoholic beverages in a responsible manner.
Many students are off campus and their enrollment procedures are still being processed.
Many students are off campus for interterm trips.
Many students are often surprised by the relatively high living expenses in Denmark.
Many students are older 'multitaskers,' combining school, work and family life.
Many students are older, have children and work full time.
Many students are on a career track.
Many students are on dial-up connections and some pay by the megabyte to download.
Many students are on financial aid, VA, or are on their parents health insurance policy.
Many students are on top of the trend, shunning sugary drinks for a more natural thirst-quencher.
Many students are out of the country completing international electives or taking vacation.
Many students are overjoyed at the resumption of classes.
Many students are parents juggling scholastic work with family life.
Many students are part of a social group.
Many students are part time.
Many students are part-time and extend the program over several years.
Many students are pessimistic about the future of the requirement.
Many students are poor readers.
Many students are prone to daydreaming.
Many students are quite unprepared.
Many students are reluctant to approach an instructor to voice their concerns.
Many students are reluctant to go deeply into debt to meet college costs.
Many students are reluctant to request an interview.
Many students are reluctant to speak up in front of a large class on any topic.
Many students are resident assistants and conference assistants.
Many students are responsible for meal preparation at home.
Many students are scared of the language barrier.
Many students are scared to get tested.
Many students are self-referred.
Many students are self-sufficient when they come to campus.
Many students are sexually active before they are old enough to drive.
Many students are shocked to discover that pursuing art history requires memorization work.
Many students are shocked to find out how expensive books are.
Many students are short on paper and pencils.
Many students are single mothers and are plagued with the financial problems that result.
Many students are so busy trying to get done they forget to write down their observations.
Many students are so excited about the project they have put in a great amount of work.
Many students are spiritually hungry.
Many students are still in the process of developing their sexual identity while in college.
Many students are successful working part time while they attend school.
Many students are surprised at the demands of university life.
Many students are surprised to find out death can occur from acute intoxication.
Many students are surprised to find out that death can occur from too much alcohol.
Many students are surprised to find that they feel out of place when they return.
Many students are surprised to hear that the building is still in use today.
Many students are surprised to learn that death can occur from alcohol poisoning.
Many students are sympathetic to the teachers' action.
Many students are takers.
Many students are talkative at the end of the day.
Many students are the first generation in their families to attend college.
Many students are the first in their families to attend and successfully graduate from college.
Many students are the first in their families to attend college.
Many students are the first in their families to engage in professional education.
Many students are the first in their family to attend a college or university.
Many students are timid when it comes to talking with others, especially teachers.
Many students are tired of construction around campus.
Many students are too trusting and leave their rooms unlocked from time to time.
Many students are true global nomad.
Many students are unable to find a seat when more than one or two parents visit.
Many students are unable to reason effectively.
Many students are unable to write a complete sentence, let alone an essay or research paper.
Many students are unable, at present, to display emotions which represent vulnerability.
Many students are unaware of and therefore unprepared for threats that occur outside of Marian.
Many students are unaware of college requirements until it is too late.
Many students are unaware of our existence.
Many students are unaware of the consequences of alcohol and drug use.
Many students are unaware of the dangers.
Many students are unaware of the expense involved in removing and processing the recyclables.
Many students are unaware of the richness of the Hispanic heritage and cultural traditions.
Many students are unaware of the risks associated with alcohol and other drugs.
Many students are unaware of the seminars.
Many students are unaware of the waste disposal problem in our country.
Many students are unaware that software piracy is illegal or unethical.
Many students are unaware that there is a place on campus with a variety of women's resources.
Many students are uncertain as to how to get to know faculty members.
Many students are uncertain as to their future plans.
Many students are uncomfortable working in teams.
Many students are undecided about their academic plans.
Many students are undecided about their future when beginning college.
Many students are undecided about their major when they enter college.
Many students are undecided about their major.
Many students are undecided about what they want to study and what career path to follow.
Many students are undecided and many more change their majors at least once.
Many students are undecided on a major when they apply.
Many students are undecided when they enter college.
Many students are under the misconception that the curriculum in medical technology is restrictive.
Many students are undocumented Mexican immigrants.
Many students are unfamiliar with the basic beliefs of other religions.
Many students are unfamiliar with the Gulf War.
Many students are unprepared for college-level writing.
Many students are unprepared to study a foreign language.
Many students are unsure about how to talk or write about literature.
Many students are unsure of their ability to do academic work.
Many students are unsure of their career path.
Many students are unsure of their future careers and how to get started.
Many students are unsure of what they want out of life.
Many students are unsure what major or career to pursue when they enter college.
Many students are vague about functions.
Many students are very anxious when they begin an examination.
Many students are very apathetic towards student government and campus affairs.
Many students are very savvy computer users and enjoy showing off their skills to their friends.
Many students are very unhappy about the lack of trust.
Many students are visual learners and atrocious spellers.
Many students are well ahead of their faculty in embracing new technologies.
Many students are willing to associate and hang out with other groups of friends.
Many students are willing to give outsourcing a try.
Many students are willing to pay more to be able to get more bandwidth.
Many students are willing to pay their educational costs, but are financially needy.
Many students are without adult supervision between the end of the school day and the evening hours.
Many students are worried about speaking in front of a large group that includes their professor.
Many students are, after all, accustomed to learning from multimedia presentations.
Many students arrange informal conversation exchange sessions.
Many students arrange private readings with faculty members on topics of mutual interest.
Many students arrange their own weekend ski trips or go with base-organized weekend trips.
Many students arrive at college unaware of the dangers that relationships can present.
Many students arrive at public colleges in California unprepared for college-level courses.
Many students arrive in college proud of their ability to crank out a paper in a single draft.
Many students arrive in the department with mixed mathematics skills.
Many students arrive knowing they want to pursue a career in medicine.
Many students arrive with enough skills to test it out of a college's language requirement.
Many students arrive with enough skills to test out of a college's language requirement.
Many students ask about direct deposit, which was at one time offered.
Many students ask about intern programs with the parks.
Many students ask about music that is good for practice.
Many students ask about the point grade.
Many students ask about tuition, housing, books, etc.
Many students ask elder brothers or sisters for help and others talk to their school counselors.
Many students ask for the name of a good graphics program.
Many students ask high school guidance counselors for such a recommendation.
Many students ask whether they can work while in Canada.
Many students ask why books cost what they do.
Many students ask why the boys are colorful and the girls are just plain brown.
Many students aspire to become future doctors and medical practitioners.
Many students aspire to work within a retail automotive dealership environment.
Many students assume a consumer-vendor model of education, and resent blurring that line.
Many students assume that online learning is easier than taking a course on-site.
Many students assume that study overseas costs more than they can afford.
Many students attain certification before they graduate.
Many students attempt to save hotel costs by traveling at night.
Many students attempt to study in distracting environments.
Many students attempt to work as many hours as possible during their stay in the United Sates.
Many students attend a community college, and then transfer to a four-year college.
Many students attend a professional conference and present a paper.
Many students attend and present the results of their research at professional meetings.
Many students attend classes in a variety of settings during the school day.
Many students attend college because of being the recipients of scholarship money.
Many students attend college without a particular major in mind.
Many students attend during the summer break.
Many students attend fall and spring semesters for two years.
Many students attend juku or have sports or other extracurricular activities in the afternoon.
Many students attend more than one group.
Many students attend multiple sessions throughout the year.
Many students attend music school, they play many musical instruments.
Many students attend nationally prominent graduate and professional schools.
Many students attend part-time, taking two to five years to complete associate degree programs.
Many students attend part-time.
Many students attend regular classes with an interpreter.
Many students attend the church.
Many students attend the college because of the reputation of a specific academic program.
Many students attend the program part-time while teaching in public or private schools.
Many students attend the program without studying for credit.
Many students attend the school with the assistance of scholarships and financial aid.
Many students attend the summer experiences at our nation's most prestigious schools.
Many students attend two school systems.
Many students attend Venice's schools of art, architecture, and music.
Many students attend.
Many students augment their core curriculum through course work in other faculties.
Many students augment their scheduled classes with individually planned academic activities.
Many students automatically perceive that the team with the greatest net income is the winner.
Many students automatically regress or reread doggedly with a self-punishing attitude.
Many students avoid careers in the life sciences because of dissection and vivisection requirements.
Many students avoid counseling because they believe it is for the mentally ill.
Many students balance family obligations with their studies.
Many students become accounts clerks or work in related bookkeeping positions.
Many students become carpenters, bricklayers or plasterers.
Many students become carpenters, bricklayers, or plasterers.
Many students become clerks or supervisors in a range of companies.
Many students become closely involved with their host families' lives.
Many students become concerned about declaring the right major, but a major is never a final choice.
Many students become discouraged and drop out of school.
Many students become disillusioned.
Many students become effective learners through the public education system.
Many students become engineers with little or no exposure to engineers or what engineering is.
Many students become enthusiastic about literature once they study it at university.
Many students become familiar with information technologies in a general sense.
Many students become frustrated because of time constraints.
Many students become full-time store detectives.
Many students become ill, irritable, or simply impossible to be around.
Many students become interested in mediciine as a career after freshman year.
Many students become interested in social justice issues as a result of their service experience.
Many students become involved as officials for intramural competitions.
Many students become involved in campus clubs and organizations.
Many students become involved in 'radical' politics.
Many students become involved in their local communities through volunteer work.
Many students become involved in their major's honors program.
Many students become involved in undergraduate research.
Many students become majors after only one course in mythology or classical civilization.
Many students become overwhelmed at the prospect of sounding out a long word.
Many students become research assistants after they join research groups.
Many students become so accustomed to poor intonation that they have trouble at first hearing beats.
Many students begin business careers as sales account executives.
Many students begin by discussing their interests with an advisor or teacher.
Many students begin by looking for magazine and journal articles.
Many students begin college unsure of what they want to study.
Many students begin doing internships during their freshman year.
Many students begin even before that.
Many students begin in their junior year or during the summer between their junior and senior year.
Many students begin lab rotations during the first year.
Many students begin studying martial arts for self defense.
Many students begin the process during the sophomore year.
Many students begin their careers as travel agents.
Many students begin their careers directly with their bachelor's degree.
Many students begin their college careers with definite goals.
Many students begin their college education with college course work to their credit.
Many students begin their college experience without knowing exactly what it is they want to study.
Many students begin their long-range career planning almost as soon as they arrive on campus.
Many students begin their road to a college degree here in Eagle River.
Many students begin their service project thinking that they are the givers.
Many students begin their studies at other schools.
Many students begin to read a selection without identifying or thinking about the topic beforehand.
Many students begin volunteering to fulfill their community service requirement for graduation.
Many students begin with one course their first semester then add courses as their schedules allow.
Many students believe a career in science is out of their reach.
Many students believe implicitly in the conclusions drawn from research papers.
Many students believe that ability is uncontrollable and stable.
Many students believe that chemistry is dry.
Many students believe that constant speed requires a constant force to sustain motion.
Many students believe that if they read it in a book or see it on the Internet, it has to be true.
Many students believe that online learning is more work than onground learning.
Many students believe that the Earth's only rain forests are found in the tropics.
Many students believe that the sun is at zenith at noon for every day of the year.
Many students believe that the test has no relevance on anything.
Many students believe that their modem account is terminated when they graduate or leave.
Many students believe that there is no better place to make friends than the college dormitory.
Many students believe that there is no better place to make friends than the college residence hall.
Many students believe that using a tape recording in class is helpful.
Many students believe the Earth is closer to the Sun in the summer and farther away in the winter.
Many students benefit from also taking it earlier, typically in their sophomore year.
Many students benefit from another year of maturity prior to college.
Many students benefit from extended time tests, extra tutorial support, and note-takers.
Many students benefit from one of the most established Co-op programs in the United States.
Many students benefit from professional training, via speech classes or consultation.
Many students benefit from resume and cover letter critiquing and mock interviews .
Many students benefit from seeing various ways to correct a sentence fragment, etc.
Many students benefit from several years' work after high school.
Many students benefit from taking advantage of the extra credit opportunities.
Many students benefit from volunteering or employment in entry-level positions to gain experience.
Many students bike to campus or use private transportation.
Many students bike to campus.
Many students bike to class.
Many students blame the faculty, many members of the faculty believe it is the fault of students.
Many students boost their resumes by seeking paid internships .
Many students boost their resumes by seeking paid internships.
Many students borrow private loans to meet their full tuition and living expenses.
Many students bounce from one major to another before finally setting on their life s goals.
Many students bring a bicycle, moped or motorcycle.
Many students bring a pack lunch and supplement it with items from the cafeteria.
Many students bring a radio, TV, desk lamp and a rug.
Many students bring an example of their country's traditional dress.
Many students bring lunch from home.
Many students bring math anxiety, to our courses.
Many students bring posters, pictures, radios, pillows, and comforters.
Many students bring storage containers to keep underneath their beds.
Many students bring their bikes when they come here because of the many trails in the area.
Many students bring their lunch daily.
Many students bring their own computers to their offices in the department.
Many students bring their own pillow and extra blankets.
Many students bring their own vehicles.
Many students bring to their work in gerontology rich and strong backgrounds.
Many students bring vocational certificates, or university credits from other institutions.
Many students bruise easily.
Many students build lofts to gain floor space.
Many students build their programs with courses from more than one area.
Many students burn the books for warmth at outdoor winter rallies.
Many students burn their lights brightly as they head toward graduation.
Many students buy a bicycle because they are cheap.
Many students buy a bicycle for local transportation.
Many students buy an extra card to keep at school in case they forget the one at home.
Many students buy currency ahead of time when they judge the rate to be favorable.
Many students buy houses.
Many students buy one diskette at the start of the school year.
Many students buy or rent refrigerators for the year.
Many students can also receive high school credit if they obtain an average of a C or better.
Many students can benefit from the availability of class notes.
Many students can benefit from using the range of access technology available in our department.
Many students can challenge the standard because they have the support and the desire to do so.
Many students can coast through their undergraduate years on autopilot.
Many students can describe what they are doing or taking.
Many students can easily begin their foreign language studies in college.
Many students can even carry and self-administer their medicine.
Many students can get funding in the form of employer subsidies, student loans, or grants.
Many students can graduate with a degree in accounting.
Many students can independently complete essay exams on computers.
Many students can join an accounting club.
Many students can learn to capitalize on their learning style strengths.
Many students can make contacts in the field they plan to work by becoming involved in the programs.
Many students can multiply, or at least do multiplication on their calculators.
Many students can overcome the feeling of homesickness and find happiness in their new environment.
Many students can probably relate to the following scenario.
Many students can reel off long lists of activities supplementing their academic accomplishments.
Many students can relate to the story-like qualities found in some of the better rap songs.
Many students can solve basic math problems when they are presented in column format.
Many students can swim before they can walk.
Many students can tell horror stories about their experience at the new car dealership.
Many students can trace it back no further.
Many students can use hearing aids and hear sufficiently for classes and social situations.
Many students can walk to class.
Many students carpool or drive their own cars.
Many students carpool to classes.
Many students carry double majors.
Many students carry out their research abroad or with local companies.
Many students carry over to their teachers an adolescent rebellion against their families.
Many students change locations in the process of completing their degree.
Many students change majors five or six times before graduation.
Many students change majors once, twice or even three times.
Many students change their answers to incorrect ones.
Many students change their educational plans after some initial exposure to classes in college.
Many students change their intended program during the course of the first year.
Many students change their major at least four times before making a final decision.
Many students change their major.
Many students change their majors more than twice.
Many students change their minds after declaring a concentration program.
Many students cheat to gain a competitive edge over others.
Many students check their email more frequently than they get on the Web.
Many students check their horoscopes, have their palms read or even call psychics.
Many students choose a discipline-specific pathway.
Many students choose a faculty committee whose members have the same interests as they do.
Many students choose a foreign language based on their ethnic background.
Many students choose a major and then wonder how to connect it to one of many occupations available.
Many students choose a minor to complement their major.
Many students choose a program according to the time they can come to Boston.
Many students choose a program with a traditional physics or engineering physics emphasis.
Many students choose a study group to help with test preparation.
Many students choose a subject they plan to specialise in at university.
Many students choose additional equine courses as electives.
Many students choose candle flame, since it has many of the characteristics.
Many students choose careers that require four or more years of college.
Many students choose classes and activities in music for their own personal enrichment.
Many students choose community colleges with the desire to achieve or improve employability quickly.
Many students choose courses in leadership, marketing, production operations or quality.
Many students choose graduate studies upon graduation.
Many students choose institution-specific postcards or stationary from the college bookstore.
Many students choose internship experiences .
Many students choose internships or cooperative education as part of their course work.
Many students choose it as preparation for law school, government service, or a political career.
Many students choose lab and field-based research for their comps projects.
Many students choose multi-symptom medications because they are convenient.
Many students choose non-science disciplines such as philosophy, literature, or psychology.
Many students choose off-campus housing.
Many students choose one or more minor courses of study to accompany their major.
Many students choose one or two courses rather than a full program.
Many students choose our programs because of the diverse curriculum offered.
Many students choose political science as a stepping stone to a law degree.
Many students choose programs sponsored by other universities or agencies in other sites.
Many students choose projects linked to their career goals.
Many students choose skateboards and rollerblades as a means of transportation on campus.
Many students choose the field of physics because of the availability of mentors.
Many students choose the United States.
Many students choose their third exam in math or another area of physics.
Many students choose to abstain from using alcohol.
Many students choose to add a minor to their major field of study.
Many students choose to add an additional major such as business administration or accounting.
Many students choose to attend a Christian college because doing so reinforces their worldview.
Many students choose to attend public, in-state colleges.
Many students choose to attend their area comprehensive high school.
Many students choose to augment classroom instruction by working with a tutor or a study group.
Many students choose to be paired with a roommate, rather than living with a friend.
Many students choose to become art educators in school settings.
Many students choose to bring additional lights for their rooms.
Many students choose to buy used furniture or rent furniture.
Many students choose to car pool together to the communities.
Many students choose to celebrate the occasion with a get-together before and a party after.
Many students choose to combine a major in philosophy with a major in another discipline.
Many students choose to complete it during the second semester of their senior year.
Many students choose to complete one or more minor areas of study in addition to a major.
Many students choose to complete the language requirement over the summer.
Many students choose to complete the two-week practicum at a special library.
Many students choose to complete their entire course requirement by the end of winter quarter.
Many students choose to continue full-time employment while completing the nursing major coursework.
Many students choose to continue on for a bachelor degree.
Many students choose to continue their education and enroll in a variety of four year programs.
Many students choose to continue their education by going to graduate school.
Many students choose to continue their education by pursuing graduate studies.
Many students choose to continue their studies in graduate school.
Many students choose to demonstrate a process.
Many students choose to do an enrichment project during free time.
Many students choose to do an independent research study working closely with our faculty members.
Many students choose to do field work.
Many students choose to do their internship in the summer.
Many students choose to double major in insurance and one other business field.
Many students choose to double major in physics and a particular engineering field.
Many students choose to double major in political science and journalism.
Many students choose to drive or ride bikes to uni.
Many students choose to eat at university cafeterias or inexpensive local restaurants.
Many students choose to eat off campus regardless of price or quality.
Many students choose to enhance their educational experience by taking two concentrations.
Many students choose to enroll in both three-week sessions.
Many students choose to enter medical school as soon as they have completed their college education.
Many students choose to finish in less time.
Many students choose to go back to family farms or horticultural businesses.
Many students choose to go on for graduate training in anthropology.
Many students choose to go on to graduate school.
Many students choose to go the night before their paper or problem set is due.
Many students choose to go with a large group of friends.
Many students choose to interact more frequently with their mentors.
Many students choose to live in Brighton after the first year.
Many students choose to live off campus.
Many students choose to live off-campus in one of Chicago's interesting and diverse neighborhoods.
Many students choose to live off-campus in summer, sublet apartments or commute from home.
Many students choose to live off-campus.
Many students choose to major in Psychology because they are interested in people.
Many students choose to major or minor in psychology.
Many students choose to minor in chemistry.
Many students choose to open an account at a local bank.
Many students choose to package electives into a specialization.
Many students choose to play with a small group of students who are also on a learning contract.
Many students choose to prepare their own meals in residence hall kitchens.
Many students choose to purchase copy cards for more convenient copying.
Many students choose to purchase their own stethoscope.
Many students choose to pursue a foreign language.
Many students choose to pursue a second major in Mathematics.
Many students choose to pursue a second major instead of a minor.
Many students choose to pursue doctoral study.
Many students choose to pursue minors in liberal arts, art history , or language and literature.
Many students choose to remain in full-time employment whilst working towards their qualification.
Many students choose to rent in quiet residential neighborhoods close to campus.
Many students choose to ride bicycles to class.
Many students choose to spend part of the summer completing the thesis requirement.
Many students choose to spend their last week relaxing on the beaches before returning home.
Many students choose to study German because of an interest in their German heritage.
Many students choose to study in Norway on a variety of programs.
Many students choose to sublet an apartment or a room in a group house during their internship.
Many students choose to take a career development internship with an international focus.
Many students choose to take a foreign language even when undecided about their major.
Many students choose to take a humanities course in the evening.
Many students choose to take additional courses and are encouraged to do so.
Many students choose to take both options.
Many students choose to take lighter courseloads because they are active outside the classroom.
Many students choose to undertake research abroad, particularly in the United States.
Many students choose to use electives to complete the requirements for a minor.
Many students choose to visit campus several times when making a final decision.
Many students choose to work to cover living expenses rather than take student loans.
Many students choose to work with two mentors, one of which has a doctoral degree.
Many students choose to write about a relative who has an environmentally related job.
Many students choose to write about a topic in which they can include personal experiences.
Many students choose to write their third-year papers in family law.
Many students cite actual research experience in which they are or have been involved.
Many students claim that it's hard being told to do chores again.
Many students click on all the right and wrong answers to see the feedback.
Many students cling to a planetary model of the atom.
Many students coauthor publications in national and international chemical journals.
Many students collect data 'in the field', often in their home country or another institution.
Many students combine a language major with a major in another discipline.
Many students combine a liberal arts and engineering education.
Many students combine a major in music with a major or minor in another department.
Many Students combine a major in philosophy with a major in another discipline.
Many students combine business with accounting, computer information systems, etc.
Many students combine campus classes with distance education classes to earn their degrees.
Many students combine chemistry with another area of interest to graduate with a double major.
Many students combine courses at the colleges with courses at universities.
Many students combine elements of both.
Many students combine history with the study of a language, or with another discipline.
Many students combine linguistics with the study of a foreign language.
Many students combine music with another area, thereby becoming double majors.
Many students combine one or more of the above programs.
Many students combine our major with a second major or minor from another department.
Many students combine school and work.
Many students combine the Spanish major with another major in the humanities or social sciences.
Many students combine their college studies with additional studies at a university.
Many students combine their interest in economics with another discipline.
Many students combine their majors with business, psychology, social work or sign language studies.
Many students combine work toward a certificate with work leading to an associate degree.
Many students come after having failed in other programs.
Many students come already having had some experience with children or youth.
Many students come as individuals rather than members of large single nationality groups.
Many students come away with a new attitude towards the various topics which are covered.
Many students come back and teach in the program.
Many students come back late a few nights a week after working off campus.
Many students come early for dance team or remain after school for sports and musical practice.
Many students come from across Chicago.
Many students come from an intensive English language school before they enter college.
Many students come from an undergraduate model that accommodated last-minute review.
Many students come from Europe, providing a student population with a wide cultural diversity.
Many students come from families whohave lived in the community for several generations.
Many students come from fragmented homes, and some are hungry or have physical problems.
Many students come from homes of limited resources and experiences.
Many students come from migrant families.
Many students come from other countries, giving a fantastic international point of view.
Many students come from single-parent homes or are being raised by grandparents.
Many students come from very modest homes.
Many students come here the summer before officially beginning the program.
Many students come here with no computer background.
Many students come in for TASP preparation assistance from our certified tutors.
Many students come in just to discuss their ideas with an attentive, sympathetic audience.
Many students come into midwifery as a second career or after raising their own children.
Many students come just to improve skills and to browse the Internet.
Many students come out from behind parked cars and are almost hit by on coming traffic.
Many students come prepared with resumes and meet potential summer and full-time employers.
Many students come through the health suite in a day.
Many students come to campus and get settled in first.
Many students come to campus having never shared a room with someone else.
Many students come to campus with an e-mail address already established for themselves.
Many students come to college and think they know how to get A's.
Many students come to college to learn, grow and eventually find themselves.
Many students come to college undecided about their major and career plans.
Many students come to college with doubts about their academic skills.
Many students come to college without a clear major or career direction in mind.
Many students come to college without clearly defined career goals.
Many students come to enjoy grammatical analysis and treat it as a kind of game or puzzle.
Many students come to Evergreen with needs for sophisticated medical supervision.
Many students come to formal archaeological study with a burning passion for the subject.
Many Students come to gather ideas for their upcoming projects.
Many students come to law school with substantial prior professional work experience.
Many students come to meetings hoping to find a job opportunity.
Many students come to Parkland to get a safe, helpful start in college.
Many students come to regard their personal journal as one of their most valued possessions.
Many students come to school highly motivated and ready to learn.
Many students come to school in car pools as well as individual cars.
Many students come to school to talk with their friends.
Many students come to school trying to make things work with their high school sweeties.
Many students come to the department asking for overrides into classes.
Many students come to the lab to access Internet research or to tap CD ROM databases.
Many students come to the library to get books, fiction or non-fiction, or to read a magazine.
Many students come to the math question center to work on problem sets.
Many students come to the program on their own.
Many students come to the retreat with preconceived ideas about chastity and abortion.
Many students come to the university expecting to study or major in a particular area.
Many students come to university with the notion that life is the absence of work, and vice-versa.
Many students come with assignments, notes, rough drafts, parts of papers, or just ideas.
Many students come with assignments, rough drafts, parts of papers, or just ideas.
Many students come with the hope that they can be helped.
Many students comment on how rewarding it is to see how well the patients have adapted.
Many students comment that chapel is the highlight of their day.
Many students commit themselves to ongoing training, to maximize the benefits they receive from it.
Many students commit to abstinence, but their actions pave the way to intercourse.
Many students communicate with each other every weekend using the Internet.
Many students commute and everyone is busy.
Many students commute by mass transit whether by bus or train.
Many students commute several hours to participate in weekend instruction.
Many students compete in youth rodeo events to test the skills of both the horse and rider.
Many students complain of fatigue.
Many students complain of knowing the material and then going blank when they take the test.
Many students complain of the frenetic pace of the productions.
Many students complain that teachers give too much homework.
Many students complete a degree with a mix of traditional and online courses.
Many students complete a degree with a specific goal or career in mind.
Many students complete a minor for the experience and background knowledge of an area.
Many students complete and internship in a career related area.
Many students complete assessments in college that highlight their strengths and working styles.
Many students complete double majors, or minor in a field outside their major.
Many students complete internships with local agencies.
Many students complete one additional course in order to complete a mathematics minor.
Many students complete the l.
Many students complete the program in four semesters.
Many students complete the program in four years, others in five, and a few in three.
Many students complete the program within a year and a half.
Many students complete their applications during the summer prior to the senior year.
Many students complete their introductory course to find they want another course in philosophy.
Many students complete their pre-veterinary medicine requirements in the animal science curriculum.
Many students complete their required externships during the summer.
Many students complete their SSL requirement by working with a community organization.
Many students complete their thesis within a year of their first enrolment.
Many students complete two major programs to satisfy diverse personal interests.
Many students conduct a remarkable amount of empirical work given the time available.
Many students conduct research outside the guidelines of a traditional science project.
Many students conduct undergraduate research under faculty supervision.
Many students confirm jobs prior to graduation.
Many students confuse a design and a pattern.
Many students confuse b with d.
Many students confuse commencement and graduation.
Many students confuse the lower case forms of the letters b and d .
Many students connect their major with the type of service learning they choose.
Many students connect with ancient astronomies more readily than with modern astronomy.
Many students consider advanced study in history or in fields such as library science or law.
Many students consider advanced study in psychology.
Many students consider farming classes a rite of passage during their four-year track.
Many students consider knowledge to be primarily, or even solely factual.
Many students consider law an appealing career option.
Many students consider learning vocabulary a tedious job.
Many students consider science to be irrelevant, unless it's memorized for the final exam.
Many students consider summer a prime time for making money.
Many students consider tests very stressful.
Many students consider whether to go into 'full-time' Christian service at home or abroad.
Many students consider working overseas following graduation.
Many students consistently stay and complete their homework with the aid of the academic coach.
Many students construct a map board out of plexiglas with duct-tape hinges.
Many students construct castles.
Many students contemplate completing a second major.
Many students continue for two or three years taking on additional responsibility over time.
Many students continue graduate study for a Ph.D. in oceanography or a related field.
Many students continue on to earn their bachelor's degrees in occupational safety or fire science.
Many students continue on to graduate school with an emphasis on strengths.
Many students continue their academic studies at the masters and doctoral level.
Many students continue their education at a four-year institution.
Many students continue their education at four-year institutions.
Many students continue their education beyond the bachelor's degree.
Many students continue their education for a professional or graduate degree.
Many students continue their education in a specialized area of anthropological study.
Many students continue their education in graduate and professional programs.
Many students continue their education in graduate school.
Many students continue their education in our graduate programs.
Many students continue their musical study with scholarships to the finest music schools.
Many students continue their projects throughout their four years.
Many students continue their work in graduate school in areas as diverse as law and medicine.
Many students continue to be able to afford studying for a full year.
Many students continue to choreograph and perform after graduating.
Many students continue to intermediate for additional instruction.
Many students continue to pursue post-secondary education.
Many students continue to see racial and other barriers in their own futures.
Many students continue to work for their co-op employer upon graduation.
Many students continue to work for their sponsors while in college.
Many students continue working for the same employer after they graduate.
Many students contribute specifically to the ongoing research of the laboratory project.
Many students contribute to each paper.
Many students conveniently share a sophisticated instrument.
Many students coordinate with their roommates about the items each can bring for the room.
Many students cope well with the pressures and indeed rise to the challenge.
Many students cope with the class size and anonymity by organizing small study groups.
Many students create their own internships.
Many students cringe at the thought of having to take a statistics course.
Many students currently use the dining space to eat their meals.
Many students decide that driving their own car is the most efficient way to get to and from school.
Many students decide to do minors in areas such as foreign languages, or writing.
Many students decide to go to college outside Angola.
Many students decide to purchase a computer for their own use.
Many students decide to pursue graduate degrees.
Many students decide to pursue minors in areas such as foreign languages or writing.
Many students decide to spread their units out into four or even five quarters.
Many students decide to stop when the pain abates and they resume normal activities.
Many students decide to take out all the loans for which they are eligible.
Many students decide to take the Freshman Seminar to round off their first semester program.
Many students decide to take their research further after completing their M.Phil.
Many students decide to teach undergraduate classes to alleviate some of the financial burden.
Many students decide to work for a period of time first, and then consider graduate school.
Many students decrease their expenses by preparing their own meals.
Many students defer application to medical school.
Many students defer their decision about a major area of study until their second year.
Many students delay active duty until completion of law, medical or graduate programs.
Many students delight in being an only child for a few weeks.
Many students deliver jointly or singly authored papers at professional conferences.
Many students demonstrate a relative strength in visual skills compared to their auditory abilities.
Many students depend on a calculator for mathematical computations.
Many students depend on some form of financial assistance to keep a college education within reach.
Many students describe such experiences as the most profound and educative period of their lives.
Many students describe their ethnic identity as mixed, both Native and non-Native.
Many students design and build, or have built, instruments required to advance their research.
Many students design their won service learning courses and activities.
Many students desire an internship, but are unfamiliar with the process of finding one.
Many students desire the opportunity for extra credit.
Many students desire to obtain employment on their own.
Many students develop a broader range of skills through co-op and freelance work experiences.
Many students develop a close and lasting relationship with their academic advisors.
Many students develop a questionnaire which they administer to a sample population.
Many students develop computer codes to model flight conditions in the Earth and Mars atmospheres.
Many students develop double majors such as English and business, psychology, and communication.
Many students develop lifelong relationships with their staff coaches.
Many students develop mentoring relationships with faculty that last well into their careers.
Many students develop programs tailored to their individual educational goals.
Many students develop their first year elective topic into a research proposal for the summer.
Many students develop their own internships.
Many students die because others fail to realize they are in trouble.
Many students direct potential elective credit hours into pursuing minors or second majors.
Many students discontinue the program when they find work in the industry.
Many students discover a love of teaching.
Many students discover a preference for one or more forms of learning.
Many students disengage from school in the middle school years.
Many students dislike English.
Many students dislike working with fractions, but fractions are a part of every aspect of life.
Many students do a last minute review.
Many students do additional research in independent study courses, or through the SURE program.
Many students do an internship during their studies.
Many students do an optional third practicum during their fourth year.
Many students do apply with background in other fields.
Many students do both.
Many students do bring their computers and printers along to their dorm rooms.
Many students do change their views one way or another.
Many students do choose to go on, either in their tested language or by starting a third language.
Many students do complete their undergraduate degrees in four full-time years.
Many students do enjoy the convenience of a computer in their rooms.
Many students do go overboard with charges, and end up paying the price.
Many students do have a computer and homework using network connections is common.
Many students do have access to computers in their own homes.
Many students do independent research or creative work for their senior thesis.
Many students do internships during the summer.
Many students do learn better with visuals.
Many students do more than one Co-op.
Many students do more than the minimum.
Many students do most of their communicating home by email.
Many students do move into apartments and are very happy in their new location.
Many students do no more psychology beyond first year.
Many students do only one, others combine the two.
Many students do read about the conflict and travel to the battlefields.
Many students do research with professors during the school year or through the summer.
Many students do return to their co-op employers after graduation.
Many students do science fair projects in consecutive years.
Many students do seem to be trapped in bilingual classes forever.
Many students do take five or even six years.
Many students do take longer to complete their degree.
Many students do take the evaluations seriously but it's the crackpots that ruin ones week.
Many students do their academic research in the archives.
Many students do their internships in the summer.
Many students do their practicum at institutions in the surrounding area.
Many students do their work remotely, at home, in their dorms, apartments, away from the campus.
Many students do very well without taking a previous course.
Many students do view technology as an important part of the profession they're going to enter.
Many students do volunteer work during their stay.
Many students do walk.
Many students do worse on the final exam than on in-class examinations.
Many students do, but there is absolutely no benefit to doing so.
Many students do, however, take advantage of the service.
Many students do.
Many students don t go beyond mentioning their strengths.
Many students don t think so.
Many students donate books and especially xeroxes to the library upon completion of their degree.
Many students draw a graph as a matter of course, but make no further reference to it.
Many students dread oral presentations.
Many students dread writing assignments because they think that they have nothing to say.
Many students dream of a life in music.
Many students dream of being pilots, astronauts, or world-renowned scientists and engineers.
Many students dress up for the evening worship service.
Many students drive so they park their car.
Many students drive their cars or ride with friends to high school, rather than take buses.
Many students drive to our seminars.
Many students drive to various locations for their food.
Many students drop by the place for a cup of coffee after a long day of lessons.
Many students drop out along the way.
Many students drop out because they are behind in credits.
Many students drop out of school.
Many students drop out of telecourses simply because they postpone studying until it was too late.
Many students drop out of the experiment, possibly on a non-random basis.
Many students earn all or a portion of their college expenses by working in one of the industries.
Many students earn credit through an internship by working in a learning environment off-campus.
Many students earn credit while serving their religious community.
Many students earn entrance to highly regarded post secondary institutes of art.
Many students earn hourly rates that are much higher than the minimum.
Many students earn scholarships to art colleges across the country.
Many students earn state and national vocational awards.
Many students earn their entire degrees at night on a part-time basis.
Many students eat one or even two meals a day at school.
Many students eat so badly that they are malnourished and liable to catch any infection going.
Many students eat too much junk and exercise too little, so they get overweight.
Many students eat when they are bored, are stuck in their rooms and have nothing to do.
Many students elect a visiting day in the morning and an information session in the afternoon.
Many students elect additional physics courses.
Many students elect theater courses as part of their liberal arts enrichment programs.
Many students elect theatre courses as part of their liberal arts enrichment programs.
Many students elect to attend graduate school after completion of their bachelors.
Many students elect to complete a master of science degree.
Many students elect to continue studying a language they began in high school.
Many students elect to continue their physics studies in graduate MSc and PhD programs.
Many students elect to defend course portfolios for the exit examination.
Many students elect to do a semester of study abroad.
Many students elect to enter directly into the labor force with their bachelors degree.
Many students elect to live off-campus in shared apartments or houses.
Many students elect to major in both astrophysics and physics.
Many students elect to open their own Training practices.
Many students elect to participate in group psychotherapy.
Many students elect to take a second field assignment in the spring term of the second year.
Many students elect to take out a loan to help pay for college.
Many students elect to take some of their coursework at another institution.
Many students elect to take three credit hours of internship for a semester.
Many students elect to take two internships.
Many students elect to use the vacation break periods to tour the United States.
Many students elegantly write that science is an integral part of our world.
Many students emerge from the first year much better at reading cases than statutes.
Many students employ the cramming method of studying for exams.
Many students encounter problems adjusting to the demands of college level academics.
Many students encounter severe or chronic illness, trauma and death for the first time.
Many students end up cheating because their expectations for the Internet are too high.
Many students end up employed after an internship or co-op class is officially over.
Many students end up having to go without and struggle through school.
Many students end up missing a class only to find the material they missed on the exam.
Many students end up with real jobs after they intern with a company.
Many students enhance their work in a major through an interdisciplinary focus on women and gender.
Many students enjoy alternating dining halls to add more variety to their week.
Many students enjoy composing patterned poetry in pairs or teams.
Many students enjoy courses in which they can explore different kinds of leisure-time activities.
Many students enjoy dances sponsored once a week by student organizational clubs.
Many students enjoy discussion groups when they sense spontaneity and excitement about learning.
Many students enjoy discussions, but some are more timid.
Many students enjoy doing the drawings in colored pencils.
Many students enjoy fulfilling relationships without any sexual activities at all.
Many students enjoy living off campus and continue living there in their third year.
Many students enjoy outdoor activities such as hiking, camping, skiing or mountain biking.
Many students enjoy participation in music as the beginning of a career or as an avocation.
Many students enjoy school dances, sports, certain teachers and their friends.
Many students enjoy showing off their artistic talents when working on various art projects.
Many students enjoy the availability, flexibility, and convenience of on-campus employment.
Many students enjoy the hands-on learning and look forward to getting jobs.
Many students enjoy the intricate pattern- making activity of algebra.
Many students enjoy the opportunity of learning horsemanship.
Many students enjoy the optional, extra-credit field trips that are offered every semester.
Many students enjoy trying to make inversions on their own names, or names of friends.
Many students enjoy walking, or bicycling across the bridge.
Many students enjoy writing creatively.
Many students enrich their education by taking part in exchange programs with other fashion schools.
Many students enrol in an academic institution without having a goal.
Many students enrol in several sessions, and courses run year-round.
Many students enrol in university-college courses.
Many students enroll for the first two years to sample career opportunities.
Many students enroll in an academic institution without having a goal.
Many students enroll in business programs to become entrepreneurs.
Many students enroll in certificate programs to upgrade skills in their present field.
Many students enroll in our graduate programs directly after receiving their undergraduate degrees.
Many students enroll in our programs while working in U.S. government agencies.
Many students enroll in scene painting studies.
Many students enroll part-time and most are employed.
Many students enroll part-time or have good reasons for taking longer to earn a bachelor s degree.
Many students enrolling in college are unsure of what major area to study.
Many students enter college in excellent health but that can disappear faster than many can imagine.
Many students enter college poorly prepare to handle math classes.
Many students enter college uncertain of their major.
Many students enter college undecided about what major to pursue.
Many students enter college undecided as to their ultimate direction in life.
Many students enter college undecided.
Many students enter college unsure of their future career goals and interests.
Many students enter college with a high level of anxiety.
Many students enter college with no clear choice of a major in mind.
Many students enter college with the hope of excelling.
Many students enter college without a clear-cut career goal in mind.
Many students enter geology programs because geology can combine outdoor work with science.
Many students enter graduate and professional programs.
Many students enter in their sophomore or junior year.
Many students enter law school without a clearly-defined interest in a specific area of the law.
Many students enter music programs with deficiencies in fundamental skills.
Many students enter physician assistant programs with bachelor's degrees.
Many students enter social work as a second career after an extended period away from school.
Many students enter the college undecided on a major.
Many students enter the community college system today with a firm goal in mind.
Many students enter the course thinking it is easy.
Many students enter the doctoral program through the master's program.
Many students enter the field of education, business, public administration, law and journalism.
Many students enter the job market and return later for advanced degrees.
Many students enter the master's program to round out their educational objectives.
Many students enter the program after observing the success of relatives and friends.
Many students enter the program already admitted into majors.
Many students enter the program straight from their undergraduate experience.
Many students enter the program with a bachelor's degree in science or arts.
Many students enter the teacher education program after completing their BA in English.
Many students enter their college years with some idea of what they are interested in.
Many students enter their projects in the annual IEEE student competition.
Many students enter two and four year colleges.
Many students entering graduate school programs lack remedial computer knowledge and skills.
Many students entering our graduate program receive financial aid from one of two sources.
Many students entering the graduate program receive financial aid from one of two sources.
Many students entering the workforce today are unfamiliar with the role of executive recruiters.
Many students equate going to class and hearing the prof. with real learning.
Many students equate learning with acquiring factual information.
Many students even conduct research on a research vessel.
Many students even consider going to graduate school just for lack of a better life alternative.
Many students even go on to full-time positions at companies where they have interned.
Many students even maintain their own personal webpages, or pages for their clubs or organizations.
Many students even make arrangements for job interviews during the fairs.
Many students even manage to fit in extracurricular activities and sports.
Many students even obtain jobs before they enter their final semester at school.
Many students even take place in faculty research.
Many students eventually continue to a Ph.D. program.
Many students eventually experience some type of difficulty in their academic work.
Many students eventually join the companies full-time.
Many students excel in band, orchestra, chorus, drama and the arts.
Many students exercise to alleviate worries.
Many students exhibit characteristics of low self-esteem.
Many students expect drinking to be a part of college life.
Many students expect to be controlled and filled up with knowledge.
Many students expect to get a lucrative job programming computers.
Many students expect to start their own companies.
Many students experience academic difficulty at some point during their Berkeley experience.
Many students experience anxiety and anxiety just as school starts.
Many students experience anxiety over exams.
Many students experience camera phobia when in a video-conferencing class.
Many students experience difficulties understanding some of the material in a mathematics class.
Many students experience extensive changes in their lives while in college.
Many students experience financial difficulties.
Many students experience frustrations with physics.
Many students experience great communication anxiety.
Many students experience literature as a kind of moldy archaic book-worship.
Many students experience low grades during their freshman year.
Many students experience social isolation and exclusion from peer contact because of their illness.
Many students experience stress before and during examinations.
Many students experience the same problem solving word problems at school.
Many students experience weekly emotions of anxiety and fear as they await their teacher's arrivals.
Many students experience writing as a set of mysterious and impossible obstacles.
Many students explore Vienna with guided tours or tour books.
Many students express a desire to continue their education.
Many students express an interest in becoming a freelance contractor or creating a start-up company.
Many students express nervous energy at homework time by chewing on pencils and pens.
Many students express some hostility toward the course prior to attending.
Many students express their attitudes, in part, by their clothing.
Many students face normal developmental concerns and academic pressures while at the university.
Many students face normal developmental concerns while at college.
Many students face obstacles to learning, such as poverty and neighborhood violence.
Many students fail at school because they are frustrated with constantly attending school.
Many students fail in their written work to distinguish between fact and opinion.
Many students fail simply because they miss class and, therefore, fall behind in their work.
Many students fail to adequately narrow their topic.
Many students fail to answer the correct amount of questions or to correctly apportion their time.
Many students fail to appreciate the importance of good organization in their essay responses.
Many students fail to comprehend the very concept.
Many students fail to follow directions.
Many students fail to learn about career opportunities.
Many students fail to maintain contact with their summer faculty advisors.
Many students fail to mark questions.
Many students fail to narrow their topic.
Many students fail to obtain jobs, because they lack a sound understanding of the interview process.
Many students fail to plan enough time to complete their homework with quality.
Many students fail to recognize a wave as a region displaced from equilibrium.
Many students fail to recognize that a wave is a propagating disturbance to a system.
Many students fail to understand the role of mathematics as representing physical relationships.
Many students fail to understand the severity of missing classes until too late.
Many students fail.
Many students fall in love in college and sometimes it does actually go somewhere.
Many students fall prey to common career myths.
Many students fall victim to crime and other hazards while under the influence of alcohol and drugs.
Many students favor the proposed system.
Many students fear that the end of assistance is lurking near by.
Many students fear violent attacks traveling to and from school as well as within school itself.
Many students feel a flexible schedule is less stressful than a rigid one.
Many students feel an initial resistance to poetry that can be difficult to overcome.
Many students feel apprehensive about coming to university for the first time.
Many students feel betrayed by a university they see as profitting unfairly from their work.
Many students feel chewing tobacco is safe to use, much safer than tobacco.
Many students feel compelled to accept their first offer.
Many students feel constantly harassed.
Many students feel entirely comfortable planning their own programs.
Many students feel exactly the same way.
Many students feel heavy pressure to get good grades and win admission to a preferred college.
Many students feel intimidated by the amount of material.
Many students feel it is essential to obtain an Sc.
Many students feel less pressure when voicing their thoughts in a chat-based environment.
Many students feel lost and alone when entering the job market.
Many students feel nervous about talking to a professional about personal problems.
Many students feel obligated to finish each problem assigned.
Many students feel otherwise.
Many students feel overwhelmed during the transition to independent adult life.
Many students feel pressure to get that A. Instead of working for it, they find it on the Internet.
Many students feel pressured into selecting a major prior to starting their college experience.
Many students feel rejected and angry.
Many students feel socially isolated.
Many students feel stressed out and overloaded.
Many students feel strongly about the issue of sexual harassment.
Many students feel that because they can hear , they are listening.
Many students feel that even a semester abroad poses prohibitive financial difficulties.
Many students feel that every course they take has to be an honors class.
Many students feel that group work is a significant learning enhancement.
Many students feel that people in the United States are very aggressive.
Many students feel that science is a boring, difficult, and irrelevant subject.
Many students feel that science is their most boring, difficult, and irrelevant subject.
Many students feel that the choir does just that.
Many students feel that the lunch area is overcrowded.
Many students feel that the number of words is the main criterion for writing a good abstract.
Many students feel that the tutorial form is one of the best forms of instruction available.
Many students feel that way, at least sometimes.
Many students feel the same way.
Many students feel the U.S. Constitution has no relevance on their lives.
Many students feel they are forced to cheat so they can receive a good grade.
Many students feel they are the only one that is being teased.
Many students feel they are unable to study abroad because of total hours required to graduate.
Many students feel they have a full enough plate taking multiple college-level courses.
Many students feel they're being robbed of a traditional college rite of passage.
Many students feel threatened or stressed out by competitions.
Many students feel uncomfortable talking in class and especially in large groups.
Many students feel unhappy at one point or another during their college careers.
Many students feel unprepared to take college level science courses.
Many students feel writing takes too long.
Many students fill the park today as usual.
Many students fill their lives with activity.
Many students finance a significant part of law school education costs by borrowing.
Many students finance part of their education through part-time employment.
Many students find a mentor within their own company or associates.
Many students find a mobile phone is a good alternative.
Many students find a university library intimidating and confusing.
Many students find accommodations with friends or take the opportunity to travel.
Many students find adjusting to the college sleeping and socializing schedule difficult.
Many students find apartments ahead of time by word of mouth, or when they arrive in Israel.
Many students find being under investigation an incredibly stressful incident.
Many students find bikes and roller blades sufficient to get around.
Many students find calculus difficult.
Many students find career-related summer employment through internships , many of which include pay.
Many students find casual or part-time work to help boost their income.
Many students find cheating easy to justify.
Many students find comfort in having familiar objects close by.
Many students find computers overwhelming and imagine that computer science is beyond their reach.
Many students find deciding which courses to study extremely difficult.
Many students find difficulty in making the transition from high school to college.
Many students find discussion classes a great waste of their time.
Many students find discussion classes a waste of their time.
Many students find economics difficult to understand.
Many students find employment as a direct result of the internship experience.
Many students find employment in a setting in which they have had a placement.
Many students find employment in area churches while pursuing their studies.
Many students find employment in the expanding field of environmental consulting.
Many students find even the prospect of starting work too daunting and put it off.
Many students find excellent starting positions in hotels and restaurants in Las Vegas.
Many students find first-year university mathematics very challenging.
Many students find furniture from departing tenants and local tag sales.
Many students find graduate school difficult.
Many students find having a bicycle helpful.
Many students find health improves as a result of improved alignment, flexibility or strength.
Many students find high school a challenge.
Many students find history boring.
Many students find information and support on coming out on the Internet.
Many students find internships in their fields of interest.
Many students find it beneficial to always read with a pencil in their hand.
Many students find it beneficial to collaborate on homework and study for exams together.
Many students find it beneficial to study in a group.
Many students find it convenient to have their own transportation available at school.
Many students find it convenient to submit journal entries, problems and assignments by e-mail.
Many students find it difficult to decide which form to use in a particular situation.
Many students find it difficult to learn calculus.
Many students find it difficult to learn reading skills .
Many students find it difficult to make notes from a given text.
Many students find it difficult to meet up with friends who hold the same values and interests.
Many students find it difficult to save the candy for lunch.
Many students find it difficult to use traditional college schedules and services.
Many students find it difficult to write a concluding paragraph.
Many students find it difficult to write a conclusion.
Many students find it easier to work in groups.
Many students find it easiest to ask their questions on e-mail.
Many students find it easiest to deposit money to their account during their lunch period.
Many students find it easy to ride with another student when seeking to leave town.
Many students find it easy to skip during school.
Many students find it exciting to discover how they relate personally to the political system.
Many students find it hard to focus and learn strictly through audio input.
Many students find it hard to know whom to tell, and when, and how much, about the stress at home.
Many students find it helpful in doing their homework assignments.
Many students find it helpful to find peers with whom to work on homework outside of class.
Many students find it helpful to follow the lecture with printouts of the presentations.
Many students find it helpful to form study groups to work on the homework problems together.
Many students find it helpful to form study groups.
Many students find it helpful to get together in study groups to work problems and test each other.
Many students find it helpful to have an understanding of their own and others' learning styles.
Many students find it helpful to have ritualized ways of being in touch with their family.
Many students find it helpful to highlight, recopy or summarize their notes.
Many students find it helpful to plan for at least two years of study after high school.
Many students find it helpful to schedule regular sessions during the semester.
Many students find it helpful to study in a cooperative learning situation.
Many students find it helpful to talk to a counsellor about their stress.
Many students find it helpful to talk to others with similar disabilities who have studied abroad.
Many students find it helpful to work with their fellow students or to study in the math lab.
Many students find it interesting and helpful to see what other students in their major have done.
Many students find it more personal to have the course right there in their living room.
Many students find it most convenient to begin in the MDiv program.
Many students find it most rewarding to participate in various professional and honorary societies.
Many students find it necessary and desirable to work part-time.
Many students find it necessary to do more than the minimum in order to do well on the exams.
Many students find it necessary to finance a portion of their education with student loans.
Many students find it necessary to live off campus.
Many students find it necessary to work and go to school.
Many students find it possible to combine a major in philosophy with a major in another discipline.
Many students find it possible to combine amajor in philosophy with a major in another discipline.
Many students find it practical to combine a language major with a major in another discipline.
Many students find it stressful to go through a whole semesters work without any concrete feedback.
Many students find it useful to arrive a few minutes early to copy the outline into their notes.
Many students find it useful to attend one or two courses in the first term.
Many students find it useful to broaden their major preparation by adding a minor.
Many students find it useful to consult solutions to problems they have previously worked.
Many students find it useful to keep a copy of the problem to review.
Many students find it useful to make flash cards for each definition or principle in a section.
Many students find it useful to schedule regular study times for each class or to study together.
Many students find it very exciting and enormously stimulating.
Many students find it very helpful to regularly visit the tutoring lab.
Many students find it very useful to study with other classmates.
Many students find it worthwhile to combine the study of a foreign language with another field.
Many students find jobs during summer vacations and the school year.
Many students find large classes alienating and frustrating.
Many students find learning new material frustrating.
Many students find lofts to be a great way to personalize their rooms and create extra space.
Many students find math most difficult, especially long division and fractions.
Many students find model kits useful when studying organic chemistry.
Many students find moving out of the freshman residence hall to be disruptive and difficult.
Many students find notecards and the Anatomy Coloring Book helpful study tools.
Many students find off-campus employment easy to obtain.
Many students find opportunities in the Summer to perform research with their advisors.
Many students find other apartment housing throughout the city.
Many students find our courses intensely self-fulfilling and liberating.
Many students find partners and learn on their own.
Many students find permanent jobs at their internship placements.
Many students find philosophy excellent preparation for the demands of law school.
Many students find postgraduate study personally rewarding.
Many students find programming unit different from their other business units.
Many students find richness in new patterns of worship.
Many students find roommates to help defray the cost.
Many students find science unattractive because science seems outside of any cultural framework.
Many students find seminars to be among the most challenging and provocative learning opportunities.
Many students find service-learning to be a valuable and enjoyable part of their education.
Many students find social studies boring.
Many students find some training in business a useful complement to their field.
Many students find study abroad essential for their major or career plans.
Many students find study groups particularly effective in large lecture courses.
Many students find studying in the residence halls to be too much of a distraction.
Many students find studying science at the college level more difficult than they anticipated.
Many students find studying with others from the same class is a lot of help.
Many students find such experiences rewarding.
Many students find temporary work the quickest way to gain entry into competitive companies.
Many students find that a basic logic course is helpful.
Many students find that a group larger than four people can be too big.
Many students find that a minor in Philosophy complements a variety of different major areas.
Many students find that a prepaid calling card works fine.
Many students find that an undergraduate religion major is central to their career preparation.
Many students find that biking is the easiest and cheapest way to get around Bloomington.
Many students find that doing research in a foreign country is vital to their independent work.
Many students find that extracurricular activities fill the bulk of their time.
Many students find that familiarity with the Internet and with word processing programs is useful.
Many students find that fans and other amenities make their dorm living much more comfortable.
Many students find that interest inventories are helpful to sort out possible interests.
Many students find that it is easiest to buy hair dryers and other appliances at the program site.
Many students find that making notes in the margins of their book while reading is very helpful.
Many students find that medium-sized colleges have it all.
Many students find that more detail makes the subject more interesting.
Many students find that passing out their resumes in a variety of settings provides helpful leads.
Many students find that personal concerns interfere with various aspects of their college life.
Many students find that prepared courses give a sense of direction to their studies.
Many students find that small class sizes and accessible faculty maximize academic success.
Many students find that some terms used in Biology can be cumbersome and difficult.
Many students find that studying in a small group is useful.
Many students find that success in math depends on careful attention to homework assignments.
Many students find that such certification enhances their employment opportunities.
Many students find that tape recorders are helpful in reviewing and adding to class notes.
Many students find that teaching provides invaluable experience in career preparation.
Many students find that the experience of studying abroad opens doors to the rest of the world.
Many students find that the warm up worries and post interview agonizing consume the whole day.
Many students find that their study time is more productive if they take periodic breaks.
Many students find that their writing improves with the use of a computer.
Many students find that they are able to avoid quicksand along the doctoral journey.
Many students find that they can share supplies with their classmates.
Many students find that they can use study manuals and receive the same results.
Many students find that they earn enough money through part-time employment to avoid a student loan.
Many students find that they have perfected the art of procrastinating.
Many students find that they perform differently on the two tests.
Many students find that they use the library for reading materials assigned for their courses.
Many students find that three or four good notes are required for every page of the research paper.
Many students find that three or four years of preoptometry are necessary before gaining admission.
Many students find that two classes, along with a job and family, are a good fit.
Many students find that ultimately they use a fraction of the outline in their dissertation.
Many students find that working enhances their time management skills.
Many students find that writing something down makes it easier to remember.
Many students find that, once overseas, they are more susceptible to colds at first.
Many students find the beginning level texts to be childish, non-motivating and boring.
Many students find the best way to get around on campus is by bicycle.
Many students find the bureaucracy of the university unnecessarily cumbersome and slow.
Many students find the co-ed living areas comfortable and beneficial.
Many students find the comforts of home in the family environment provided by the halls.
Many students find the convenience of an on-line course a significant benefit.
Many students find the course an attractive and rewarding introduction to university studies.
Many students find the courses an excellent way to refresh skills learned in the past.
Many students find the demands of college-level academic work to be greater than anticipated.
Many students find the demands of college-level academic work to be greater than they anticipated.
Many students find the demands of their university program to be greater than they anticipated.
Many students find the educational and transfer planning process overwhelming.
Many students find the first semester of college so disconcerting that they drop out.
Many students find the internship path a good way into a career.
Many students find the lab bewildering or boring.
Many students find the lab convenient, especially when working on group projects.
Many students find the large school to be impersonal.
Many students find the lectures stimulating.
Many students find the lectures to be stimulating.
Many students find the new gun ordinances unacceptable.
Many students find the print version easier to browse and access.
Many students find the session on budgeting eye-opening.
Many students find the task daunting.
Many students find the that Summer Session is a good time for working on research.
Many students find the training from Queen's invaluable in finding their first job.
Many students find their co-op experience turns into an employment offer upon graduation.
Many students find their employers to be an excellent source of support.
Many students find their most rewarding academic experiences in a smaller less renowned department.
Many students find their own internships by tapping their professional contacts and interests.
Many students find their own room and board.
Many students find their permanent position through their summer employment.
Many students find their personal contacts very valuable in obtaining interviews.
Many students find their speed doubles or triples with better accuracy.
Many students find themselves anxious and tongue-tied when needing to talk with a professor.
Many students find themselves initially attracted to social work for a number of reasons.
Many students find themselves juggling payments as they start their life after college.
Many students find themselves less intimidated by their instructors after a summer at the lake.
Many students find themselves snacking all the time.
Many students find themselves spending a significant amount of time on or near open water.
Many students find themselves surrounded by others who share common academic interests.
Many students find they also receive assistance from their employer.
Many students find they are more effective learners when they take courses over the Internet.
Many students find they are overwhelmed by life and or college.
Many students find they get more for what they pay for at off-campus eateries.
Many students find they manage their time better when they have more to do.
Many students find time to attend more than one group.
Many students find trigonometry and calculus very helpful in preparing for college coursework.
Many students find using the Internet to be a time and money saver.
Many students find using the planner to create a schedule to be helpful.
Many students find walking to be the preferred means of campus travel.
Many students find ways to support their studies from sources outside the department.
Many students find work as editors or assistant editors soon after having completed the class.
Many students find work on campus in offices or laboratories related to their future careers.
Many students find working together is a lot easier and more fun.
Many students find writing appreciations and critical analyses of poetry particularly difficult.
Many students find writing poetry to be an excellent outlet for their thoughts, feelings, and ideas.
Many students finish college highly articulate, but with less creativity than when they entered.
Many students finish in four years.
Many students finish in three years.
Many students first encounter the diversity of American society in school.
Many students first encounter the library when it's time to write a paper.
Many students first identify as lesbian, gay, or bisexual during university.
Many students first learn the basic swing rock step in class as a 'move back' then a 'move forward'.
Many students first try the drug at raves, or all- night dances, and find they can dance all night.
Many students float outside any particular group.
Many students flock to beaches and tropical islands.
Many students focus on issues of hunger and homelessness.
Many students focus their programs on the commodity futures markets.
Many students follow a credit-rated course in order to prepare for study in a foreign country.
Many students follow a research degree out of personal interest.
Many students fondly remember the experience as creating a strong sense of community.
Many students foresee greater obstacles for queer empowerment at the college.
Many students forget a large part of material before test time.
Many students forget quite a bit of their learned material in the examination hall.
Many students forget that their relatives are professionals with valuable information to offer.
Many students forget that they are lovable and intelligent human beings.
Many students forget to borrow or carry.
Many students forget what they are really trying to explain and their paper can get off track.
Many students forget where they are in a long, involved process, or get the steps confused.
Many students form car pools with other students from their area.
Many students form judgments based on the impressions of their peers.
Many students form study groups of four to seven people to help assimilate and retain information.
Many students form study groups to devise questions, compile material, and study.
Many students form study groups to work on problem sets and prepare for examinations.
Many students form study groups to work on problem sets and to prepare for examinations.
Many students frequent the establishment regularly.
Many students fulfill community service or volunteer service to their community in many ways.
Many students fulfill minor requirements during a junior year abroad, or in summer school.
Many students fulfill some of their requirements through courses taken abroad.
Many students fund their college years through the use of student loans.
Many students fundraise to defray trip costs.
Many students gain a lot if an illustration or demonstration is presented first .
Many students gain additional laboratory experience by participating in research.
Many students gain experience by working as paid classroom aides.
Many students gain practical experience by becoming certified EMTs.
Many students gain practical experience through internships, particularly in food microbiology.
Many students gain professional experience on a part-time basis while they attend the university.
Many students gain their first career-related experience by volunteering with local employers.
Many students gain their first jobs with organisations they have encountered during their courses.
Many students gain valuableexperience as lab assistants in regular courses.
Many students gain weight for the primary reason that they are eating more than they ate at home.
Many students gather here to do homework, socialize, and study all at the same time.
Many students get a little homesick at times, and they miss their friends and family.
Many students get a place but no funding.
Many students get an internship by simply approaching a company with a proposal.
Many students get better rest after they have worked away some of their excess nervous energy.
Many students get home by carpooling with others who live in their same area.
Many students get ideas from previous businesses.
Many students get lazy and just do what it takes to get by.
Many students get multiple offers.
Many students get off to a rocky start and show improvement later.
Many students get the opportunity to do research.
Many students get their media through the internet.
Many students get their pens going again.
Many students get waivers and scholarships.
Many students give freely of their own talents every day within the bounds of the campus.
Many students give the program their full support.
Many students give their reports to their managers when the reports are completed.
Many students give up too quickly when they stumble on solving problems .
Many students give up vital hours of sleep in an effort to get more done.
Many students go abroad each year to study in the West and India.
Many students go abroad every year.
Many students go as an English assistant in a French secondary school.
Many students go dancing and take artistic pictures with their boyfriends or girlfriends.
Many students go directly from graduation to working in parks and forests.
Many students go directly from their bachelor's degrees into graduate school.
Many students go directly into teaching after graduation.
Many students go home on weekends when completing the residential components of the course.
Many students go home to an empty house day after day.
Many students go home to empty houses or to different houses on different days of the week.
Many students go home to work at a job, especially during the holiday season.
Many students go home winners.
Many students go into engineering to design new products.
Many students go into teaching.
Many students go on for graduate degrees.
Many students go on to a fourth year to complete an honours degree.
Many students go on to attend medical school or pharmacy school.
Many students go on to be in the string class.
Many students go on to become speech pathologists, helping children who have speech disorders.
Many students go on to careers in law, medicine, arts management, or other professions.
Many students go on to complete higher degrees by taught course or research.
Many students go on to do graduate studies.
Many students go on to do summer internships as well.
Many students go on to earn a bachelors degree in related fields.
Many students go on to earn their GED .
Many students go on to establish their own studios.
Many students go on to gain local and national renown.
Many students go on to graduate or professional school in health sciences, law, or business.
Many students go on to graduate school for advanced degrees before starting a career.
Many students go on to graduate school.
Many students go on to graduate schools in top-ranked universities.
Many students go on to graduate schools.
Many students go on to graduate studies.
Many students go on to graduate work in engineering, law, business and medicine.
Many students go on to high school unprepared.
Many students go on to jobs in conservation.
Many students go on to law school after majoring in scientific or technical fields.
Many students go on to medical or dental school or other graduate study.
Many students go on to present their papers at national and international conferences.
Many students go on to pursue law and medical degrees, as well as other fields of graduate study.
Many students go on to run for executive chairs.
Many students go on to run for executive offices as upper-class students.
Many students go on to study for further qualifications and higher degrees.
Many students go on to take full-time positions with the company.
Many students go on to take higher degrees.
Many students go on to undertake postgraduate research.
Many students go on to university or other forms of higher education, after completing the course.
Many students go overseas for a few years before beginning graduate studies.
Many students go there to study.
Many students go through college without ever contemplating the career that they have chosen.
Many students go through testing when it is unnecessary.
Many students go through testing when it isn ' t necessary.
Many students go to a distant town called Chico .
Many students go to churches in their own cars.
Many students go to class expecting the anti-European point of view.
Many students go to class in blue jeans, t-shirts or casual shirts, sweaters, and sneakers.
Many students go to class lacking the desire to learn and to enjoy learning.
Many students go to clubs with the sole purpose of getting drunk and having a good time.
Many students go to college to learn new skills, making themselves more marketable for the job pool.
Many students go to games to support their team and show their sportsmanship.
Many students go to hear their friends give talks in student sessions, or their teachers.
Many students go to positions that require teaching.
Many students go to study there.
Many students go up on stage and lip synch to popular songs.
Many students grab a hamburger and fries in route to class.
Many students graduate and transfer to other colleges.
Many students graduate from college with debts, credit problems or other financial predicaments.
Many students graduate from high school without being able to read and write.
Many students graduate from traditional colleges owing enormous sums of money on student loans.
Many students graduate with a double major for career purposes.
Many students graduate with debt loads that equal, or exceed, a first-year salary.
Many students graduate without an adequate exposure to computer applications in their major field.
Many students graduate without being able to write.
Many students graduating from public high schools are functionally illiterate.
Many students graduating from vocational curricula undoubtedly intend to transfer.
Many students greatly improve their scores after a bad start.
Many students groan with disgust or laugh.
Many students grow up in homes where nutrition and health consciousness are part of everyday life.
Many students have a difficult time imagining themselves talking to other students in a group.
Many students have a difficult time remembering the relationships and properties.
Many students have a difficult time trying to figure out the actual dimensions of an image.
Many students have a difficult time understanding fractions.
Many students have a difficult time understanding the concept of pH measurement.
Many students have a difficult time understanding the concepts of area and volume.
Many students have a foreign born parent and are bilingual.
Many students have a hard time adjusting to the hustle and bustle of high school life.
Many students have a hard time getting by financially, especially if it is a private school.
Many students have a hard time with interviews.
Many students have a high sense of competition and have a low tolerance to failure.
Many students have a low enough opinion of reading without their teachers reinforcing it.
Many students have a mental block when it comes to poetry.
Many students have a natural love for astronomy.
Many students have a passion for music.
Many students have a pet such as a dog, cat or gold fish.
Many students have a phobia of mathematics.
Many students have a problem with pronoun agreement.
Many students have a similar response.
Many students have a strong desire to serve their country through military service.
Many students have a tendency to overwork a painting and eventually spoil it.
Many students have a terrible time getting ideas down on paper.
Many students have access at home or at the office to a computer connected to the Internet.
Many students have access to a computer at work.
Many students have access to all three methods from their home or workplace.
Many students have access to an internet computer during some point in the school day.
Many students have access to computers and the Internet at school.
Many students have access to the web from their homes.
Many students have additional accounts on departmental machines.
Many students have additional handicaps.
Many students have additional sensory, physical or behavioural disabilities.
Many students have advanced degrees.
Many students have allergic reactions.
Many students have an initial advising session before applying to the teacher education sequence.
Many students have an interest in science only as it relates to health.
Many students have assignments to complete.
Many students have at least one class here.
Many students have backgrounds in community service or experience in the healthcare arena.
Many students have books at home that they are willing to share with classmates.
Many students have children, from newborns to high school graduates.
Many students have complaints about the network broadcast time of the Olympics.
Many students have computers in their offices, but there are also many public workstations.
Many students have computers on campus.
Many students have contrary convictions.
Many students have difficulties in knowing how to present their research in oral or written form.
Many students have difficulties with learning basic letters and sounds.
Many students have difficulty arranging for advising during normal working hours.
Many students have difficulty finding something to write about and view writing as drudgery.
Many students have difficulty identifying which material is important.
Many students have difficulty in finding a suitable place to practice.
Many students have difficulty in managing their money when they first graduate.
Many students have difficulty learning the various computer programs used on campus.
Many students have difficulty listening to the lecture and writing notes at the same time.
Many students have difficulty making the transition.
Many students have difficulty revealing there true thoughts in an oral fashion.
Many students have difficulty seeing the relevance of their education to the rest of their lives.
Many students have difficulty simply because they have never learned certain basic study skills.
Many students have difficulty studying due to exhaustion from work.
Many students have difficulty with the fundamental concepts of evolution.
Many students have difficulty writing clear, concise, direct sentences.
Many students have difficulty writing essays that demonstrate certain kinds of thinking ability.
Many students have difficulty writing good lab conclusions.
Many students have disabilities of some kind, whether they are physical, mental or learning.
Many students have double majors.
Many students have erroneous conceptions about what happens in a judicial hearing.
Many students have experience in more than one field.
Many students have experience working in business or in non-profit organizations.
Many students have faculty from both institutions on their thesis or dissertation committees.
Many students have families and stresses.
Many students have families.
Many students have family responsibilities and jobs which constrain the time available for learning.
Many students have family traditions such as visiting relatives or watching football games.
Many students have fond memories of working at the inn.
Many students have fresh, unhindered, clear minds.
Many students have full-time jobs, while some are even married or have children.
Many students have fun participating in our intramural sports program.
Many students have geology and marine geology faculty on their committees.
Many students have great difficulty taking multiple-choice tests.
Many students have job commitments before they graduate.
Many students have job offers before they complete their certification examination.
Many students have jobs and very little time even to socialize.
Many students have jobs before graduation, often as the result of the internship program.
Many students have jobs before graduation.
Many students have jobs outside of school, or have difficulties at home.
Many students have jobs prior to graduation.
Many students have jobs which place constraints on their time.
Many students have jobs while in high school.
Many students have learning problems which hinder effective learning and injure self-esteem.
Many students have life experiences that are worth listening to.
Many students have little contact with people of color and hold stereotypical beliefs.
Many students have little exposure to hands-on activities, and science fairs are uncommon.
Many students have little fear of disciplinary action.
Many students have little or no idea why or what they are doing in the laboratory.
Many students have little training in how to conduct research and prepare information for writing.
Many students have little understanding or appreciation for the process of science.
Many students have low math self esteem to begin with.
Many students have low self-esteem when it comes to body image.
Many students have low-end computers and are often inexperienced with the Internet.
Many students have mental models of waves that are incomplete or incorrect.
Many students have multiple employment offers prior to graduating.
Many students have negative images of nursing homes and their residents.
Many students have no experience of business.
Many students have no idea of how professors think about their subject.
Many students have no parsing tools .
Many students have no prior experience using the library.
Many students have no problem getting their professors to cooperate.
Many students have occasion to sub-let their apartments to others.
Many students have one or more sexual partners during their stay.
Many students have only a few hours to visit campus.
Many students have other burdens to carry.
Many students have outstanding talent.
Many students have particular difficulty learning to read.
Many students have personal computers in their offices or labs.
Many students have personal preferences for one directory or search engine over another.
Many students have philosophy as a second major or as a minor.
Many students have plans after graduation.
Many students have poor mental flexibility.
Many students have previous business experience.
Many students have prior life experience that is equivalent to college level learning.
Many students have private telephones in their rooms.
Many students have problems comprehending one method or the other.
Many students have problems discerning when to use demonstrative adjectives and pronouns.
Many students have problems keeping up with local inflation already.
Many students have problems repaying debt from credit card spending.
Many students have problems with concentrating on studying for exams or listening to lectures.
Many students have problems with grammar.
Many students have problems.
Many students have projects or papers due.
Many students have questions about different problems they encounter.
Many students have questions about financial aid, special classes, transferring credits, etc.
Many students have questions about practice and test-prep programs.
Many students have questions about the psychology major.
Many students have questions about the way units from one college can be transferred to another.
Many students have questions concerning the blue lights located throughout campus.
Many students have relatively easy access to prescription drugs compared to the past.
Many students have responsibilities outside of school, such as work, clubs or athletics.
Many students have roommates to lower their living costs.
Many students have several internships before graduation.
Many students have short attention span.
Many students have similiar academic and personal questions.
Many students have some difficulty with the mathematical aspects of the first-year course.
Many students have some ideas about possible areas of interest.
Many students have special needs.
Many students have stories to tell about their URSA experiences.
Many students have televisions and stereos in their rooms.
Many students have the initial impression that chemistry is a collection of facts to be memorized.
Many students have the misconception that study abroad is prohibitively expensive.
Many students have the misconception that writing in the target language is superior to speaking.
Many students have the opportunity to train with a licensed rehabilitator.
Many students have the primary purpose of obtaining a better job.
Many students have the same problem.
Many students have the smoking habit.
Many students have their hands full passing courses in their mother tongue.
Many students have their own web pages, and all are contactable by e-mail.
Many students have their own web sites that contain information they find interesting or amusing.
Many students have their very own websites.
Many students have time to work ten to twenty hours a week as well.
Many students have to apply more than once to gain admission.
Many students have to bunk in crowded apartments until they can find alternate housing in Austin.
Many students have to drop out of their courses through heavy debt.
Many students have to learn to leave ample time for editing and proofreading.
Many students have to rent their room or flat from private owners.
Many students have to struggle simply to read our magazine.
Many students have to transfer buses before they arrive at the final destination.
Many students have to work long hours in addition to their studies to complete their education.
Many students have to work long hours while concentrating on rigorous academic studies.
Many students have trouble deciphering between current and past trends.
Many students have trouble practicing the sound-symbol relations on their own.
Many students have trouble taking tests.
Many students have trouble translating vertical lettering on a board onto a flat sheet of paper.
Many students have trouble understanding the pelvic and urogenital diaphragm.
Many students have trouble writing a detailed proposal in the qualitative paradigm.
Many students have tuition scholarships.
Many students have undetected disabilities whose limitations negatively affect academic performance.
Many students have very little contact with field settings.
Many students have very little knowledge or interest in their own state.
Many students have very little knowledge regarding nutrition issues and how they relate to exercise.
Many students have very unrealistic goals.
Many students have visual minds and can learn better by associating pictures with concepts.
Many students have works published in journals and periodicals.
Many students have work-study programs.
Many students help design and conduct research with faculty members in their areas of expertise.
Many students help finance their education through part-time employment both on and off campus.
Many students help with the offstage work.
Many students here are from northern Virginia.
Many students here are insecure.
Many students hold an associate or Bachelor degree in related or unrelated areas.
Many students hold bake sales or collect aluminum cans to help wolves.
Many students hold down a part-time job while in school.
Many students hold their pencils in grotesque positions.
Many students hook up with a friend who does have a car to get around outside of campus.
Many students hope each year to sign up for a single room.
Many students hope that such is the case.
Many students hope to find jobs curating or in administration in museums and galleries.
Many students identify internship needs by geographic location.
Many students ignore common sense and good vocal hygiene.
Many students immediately interact with marketing and sales.
Many students improve their scores the second and third time around.
Many students inadvertently go into default because lenders are unable to locate the borrower.
Many students inadvertently plagiarize because they are working from inaccurate note cards.
Many students inadvertently sign up for the wrong introductory computer science course.
Many students incorporate at least one non-biological course into their degree programme.
Many students increase their employment potential by pursuing a double major.
Many students incur more financial hardship to attend college than necessary.
Many students independently form study groups with others in the class.
Many students indicate an interest in attending high school and finishing college.
Many students initially dislike being required to use it for homework.
Many students initially experience some difficulty when approaching a case analysis.
Many students initially hear about internship opportunities by contacting organizations directly.
Many students initially seek assistance from faculty or staff members.
Many students initiate collaborative study groups as a survival technique.
Many students insist on living in the dorm.
Many students insist that they can work their problems out on their own.
Many students insist they have never studied harder.
Many students integrate all three approaches into their research.
Many students intend to seek employment in a flower shop as a designer.
Many students intern during the summer months when they have the greatest amount of free time.
Many students intern or work on class projects with local firms.
Many students involve themselves in athletics.
Many students involved in the program are from urban background.
Many students join clubs that are directly related to their major.
Many students join small-group Bible studies, discipleship and prayer groups.
Many students join social cliques which exhibit hostility toward others.
Many students join the course by advanced standing entry.
Many students just drift through school.
Many students just give up.
Many students just take what they can get.
Many students keep a daily journal to record their experiences.
Many students keep in touch with their instructors long after they've left school.
Many students keep the text after the term has ended.
Many students know some of the applications covered in the course.
Many students know the instant they've walked on a campus if they love it or hate it.
Many students know very little about apostrophes and their writing really shows it.
Many students lack confidence in their own abilities to do mathematics.
Many students lack enough money to maintain a reasonable standard of living.
Many students lack even general knowledge about issues and problems in health care.
Many students lack planning and problem-solving skills.
Many students lack textbooks, and even notebooks.
Many students lack the support from their families.
Many students land internships at major corporations and go on to great careers.
Many students later move on to fraternities and sororities, or to off-campus housing.
Many students later perform internships or pursue employment with their teacher s former employer.
Many students later pursue advanced training in psychology, neurobiology, or counseling.
Many students later report how powerful the experience had been.
Many students later submit their work for science fairs and student research competitions.
Many students learn about others right here in Colorado Springs.
Many students learn best by doing.
Many students learn best from a multi-sensory instructional approach.
Many students learn best in daylight hours.
Many students learn best through association.
Many students learn best through hands-on or personal experience.
Many students learn best when information is presented visually as well as orally.
Many students learn best while working with others.
Many students learn better visually than textually.
Many students learn by doing .
Many students learn many things better by observing or listening rather than discussing.
Many students learn new skills best towards the beginning and end of the learning cycle.
Many students learn the easy multiplication facts, but never master the others.
Many students learn to binge drink before they become social drinkers.
Many students learn to copy important files to their private drive space on the network.
Many students learning English speak it quite fluently and seem to be proficient.
Many students leave all of the citation business until the last minute.
Many students leave here and take on leadership roles at the schools they go to.
Many students leave Iowa City over that holiday, returning to their homes or traveling elsewhere.
Many students leave school without skills to effectively enter the workplace.
Many students leave the college without achieving their educational goals.
Many students leave the program in the first year.
Many students leave the Worcester area to pursue optional practical training.
Many students leave with an imperfect understanding of any news writing style.
Many students lift their shoulders as they concentrate intently on playing.
Many students like to buy or bring bicycles to add more freedom to their excursions.
Many students like to cook and eat together.
Many students like to dress differently.
Many students like to feel that they are helping do something for their school and community.
Many students like to find an empty room for studying during the evening hours.
Many students like to focus on their schoolwork rather than build for the next upcoming party.
Many students like to go there.
Many students like to have their own copies.
Many students like to have visitors.
Many students like to maximize their room space by building a loft and elevating their bed.
Many students like to play past that time period.
Many students like to prepare their own lunches.
Many students like to purchase souvenirs of their trip.
Many students like to see the results of their work immediately.
Many students like to share the cost of hiring a car for a weekend.
Many students like to stay in hostels when they're traveling.
Many students like to study and socialize here.
Many students like to take notes in class on a notebook computer.
Many students like to try to rush past basics to try to learn kata.
Many students limit themselves to materials on the immediate topic at hand.
Many students limit themselves to only one type of resource.
Many students linger for hours over meals and keep nibbling the entire time.
Many students list the arguments one party at a time.
Many students list their senior project topic on their resume.
Many students live a bus ride from their homes.
Many students live and work in Manchester or nearby cities and towns.
Many students live and work in their hometown.
Many students live at home and experience conflicts about privacy, space and freedom.
Many students live in a newly renovated building adjoining the main monastery buildings.
Many students live in a public housing complex.
Many students live in adjacent off-campus areas.
Many students live in one of several apartment complexes within a few minutes of campus.
Many students live in Palms, so carpooling is also a possibility.
Many students live in poverty and in areas where drugs and crime are a way of life.
Many students live in poverty with accompanying language and cultural barriers.
Many students live in private housing nearby.
Many students live in rented accommodation, often sharing with other students.
Many students live independently in nearby apartments.
Many students live nearby and walk to campus.
Many students live off campus.
Many students live off-campus in order to reduce costs.
Many students live off-campus, and the options are numerous.
Many students live off-campus.
Many students live on campus and that makes for a strong feeling of community and cooperation.
Many students live on campus because of the convenience.
Many students live on campus in one of the three residence halls.
Many students live on campus in single or family housing.
Many students live on land that has been in the same family for generations.
Many students live very confined lives, limited to their immediate neighborhoods.
Many students live with adults other than their parents.
Many students live with foster parents or guardians and a few reside in group homes.
Many students live with other students and share expenses.
Many students live within a short walk of a bus line that can bring students to campus.
Many students live within a short walk of a bus line that comes to campus.
Many students live within walking or bicycling distance from campus.
Many students load their papers with filler words in order to meet a minimum length requirement.
Many students locate part-time employment to help pay education expenses.
Many students locate their own internships.
Many students log on and work at their own pace both before and after school.
Many students logout before they receive the email.
Many students look at internships as a way to confirm their interest in a given field or discipline.
Many students look at spring break as a week to head out of town and find the best place to party.
Many students look at the actions of their teachers and act so accordingly.
Many students look for a difference in their prospects.
Many students look for experiences abroad that are related to their majors.
Many students look forward to vacations because they can sleep in or spend a few days on the beach.
Many students look forward to working with fractals and learning more about mathematics.
Many students look to fraternities and sororities to provide that comfort and acceptance.
Many students look to teachers, counselors and peers for help.
Many students look towards diets as a means to shed a few pounds or simply to become healthier.
Many students look up to their teachers as their role models.
Many students look upon an English major as the background for a career writing novels and stories.
Many students loose their scholarships after one year.
Many students lose focus on each step.
Many students lose points on examinations because they memorize gibberish.
Many students lose their flair for science by the time they reach high school, or even sooner.
Many students love sports.
Many students maintain a close connection with their advisors long after graduation.
Many students maintain contact with their villages, returning years later for weddings and funerals.
Many students maintain their professional position while pursuing the degree on a part-time basis.
Many students majoring in other fields find it useful to learn Russian as a valuable research tool.
Many students majoring in physics go on to pursue advanced degrees in physics and related fields.
Many students make a successful transition into PhD programs, usually with full funding.
Many students make a timid start and finish with a mad dash to graduation.
Many students make an annual resolution to lose weight and to stay healthy.
Many students make appointments just to get ideas about what credits to request.
Many students make appointments just to talk through their ideas or understand concepts.
Many students make college cheaper by paying very little for certain parts of their degree.
Many students make contacts during their internships that lead directly to employment.
Many students make errors because they skim a question and just look for a related answer.
Many students make errors while sightreading because they run out of air in the middle of a phrase.
Many students make extensive use of school visual art facilities in their spare time.
Many students make flash cards for learning vocabulary.
Many students make flashcards for learning vocabulary.
Many students make good use of the library as a place to go for quiet.
Many students make initial mistakes, and outcomes can be quite startling.
Many students make mathematical errors due to poor visual attention while writing.
Many students make mistakes when asking for letters of recommendation.
Many students make the mistake of applying old habits for an old system in their new environment.
Many students make the mistake of asking fellow classmates to clarify what a teacher has assigned.
Many students make the mistake of relying on information from other students.
Many students make the mistake of thinking that law schools favor certain disciplines.
Many students make the most of a great day out at the seaside.
Many students make the same mistakes on going over a test as they did the first time through.
Many students make their college choice decision only after visiting a campus.
Many students make their own feeders.
Many students make their own notecards to aid in memorizing organic reactions.
Many students make use of e-mail to correspond with tutors.
Many students meet the requirement during the four-week interim.
Many students misreport financial data on their applications.
Many students miss out because they wait until the last minute.
Many students miss the first day or two of the semester because they registered late.
Many students mistake summarizing or reviewing the movie for analyzing it.
Many students mistakenly admit that they've been using drugs or alcohol.
Many students mistakenly believe that apathy is the norm here.
Many students mistakenly figure they'll practice with on-campus recruiters.
Many students mistakenly stop trying to manage time once they have an initial plan in place.
Many students mistakenly think that the more resumes the send out, the more offers they'll receive.
Many students mix and match sodas and juice for a unique personal concoction.
Many students move after leaving school.
Many students move between school districts because of their parents' work needs.
Many students move here for college and just never leave.
Many students move into professions related directly or indirectly to sales.
Many students move on to work in the entertainment industry . . .
Many students move out of New Grad and into Regents.
Many students naturally drop the cane down and to the side rather than keep it centered.
Many students never complete their studies.
Many students never get past the first step.
Many students never get the chance to do research on their own.
Many students never log in again once their class is through.
Many students never pay cheques to the university at all since they're on some sort of support.
Many students never see an adviser while on probation.
Many students notice that larvae often curl up into a ball when lightly touched.
Many students now access university through non-traditional routes.
Many students now are confused and upset about all the commotion.
Many students now assume the Internet is an adequate information resource for all purposes.
Many students now can.
Many students now choose to study to the accompaniment of music.
Many students now communicate with e-mail to the home.
Many students now purchase almost exclusively with .
Many students now say they have a new sense of connection with their teachers.
Many students now select schools on the basis of their wired-ness.
Many students now set up personal Web pages.
Many students now take a gap year and requests to defer entry are viewed sympathetically.
Many students now take advantage of the opportunity to send applications electronically.
Many students now use the internet as a major source of information for school projects and reports.
Many students obtain a minor in the language they study.
Many students obtain college credit for internships completed at our agency.
Many students obtain grants from private foundations.
Many students obtain health insurance coverage through their parent's policy.
Many students obtain internships or practica with businesses in Pittsburgh.
Many students obtain partial employment with state agencies and with industry.
Many students obtain summer jobs that make use of their training.
Many students obtain tenant's insurance through their parents' homeowner's insurance policies.
Many students obtain their first job through their internship.
Many students obtain their positions by doing a summer internship at a company before graduation.
Many students obtain work in international organisations and consultancy companies.
Many students only begin to acquire a feeling for a subject by or during third year.
Many students only meet with their advisor during registration for the upcoming semester.
Many students only scan their reading assignments when following detailled arguments is required.
Many students only think of the last point.
Many students only use the computer for the Internet.
Many students only visit the money advice service when they are experiencing financial difficulties.
Many students oppose the downtown plan.
Many students opt for advanced-training programs.
Many students opt for leisure during their time off from school.
Many students opt to apply for membership in both honor societies.
Many students opt to complete the degree in four years.
Many students opt to continue thier education in graduate school or law school.
Many students opt to drive a car when they come to campus.
Many students opt to focus their studies on a particular region, policy issue, or business sector.
Many students opt to keep their kit and bring it to the laboratory each time.
Many students opt to purchase a notebook computer instead of a desktop computer for school.
Many students opt to rent apartments in the surrounding community.
Many students opt to stay in apartments on or off campus and cook their own meals.
Many students opt to study abroad during college.
Many students opt to take three and four courses in philosophy.
Many students opt to use space heaters rather than the thermostat to warm up their apartments.
Many students organize themselves into smaller study groups, as well.
Many students overestimate their abilities and train too hard for their current skill level.
Many students overlook the importance of sources.
Many students overreact when they learn what plagiarism means.
Many students own a camera of their own.
Many students own powerful graphic calculators and yet they use only four of their functions.
Many students own, or aspire to own, small horticultural businesses.
Many students panic as the bar exam date draws near and quit their jobs.
Many students panic when assigned the task of writing a research paper.
Many students park in metered areas without paying and are never warned or ticketed.
Many students partially complete their internships during the summer while in graduate school.
Many students participate as representatives of their employers or in support roles for the project.
Many students participate during the summer or during their last semester before graduation.
Many students participate in a Washington internship program.
Many students participate in a wide range of competitions.
Many students participate in baseball, basketball, and soccer.
Many students participate in both.
Many students participate in clubs, athletics or just spend time with friends.
Many students participate in field experiences for credit during the academic year or summer.
Many students participate in football, wrestling, track, gymnastics, basketball and baseball.
Many students participate in intercollegiate athletics while in college.
Many students participate in internships , summer research programs, or study-abroad programs .
Many students participate in internships during the academic year or over the summer.
Many students participate in internships or projects on campus and in the community.
Many students participate in internships or study-abroad programs .
Many students participate in internships or study-abroad programs to gain experience in their field.
Many students participate in internships to gain their first vital experience in the field.
Many students participate in internships, particularly during the summer, on a non-credit basis.
Many students participate in intramural programs, where the focus is on fun and exercise.
Many students participate in intramural sports, campus clubs, and student senate activities.
Many students participate in keyboarding and instrument lessons.
Many students participate in medical missions more than once.
Many students participate in more than one group.
Many students participate in non-credit experiences each year.
Many students participate in online class discussion more actively than in traditional classrooms.
Many students participate in online discussion groups and use message boards.
Many students participate in production and article-writing.
Many students participate in research projects while still undergraduates.
Many students participate in research projects with faculty members, often leading to publication.
Many students participate in research through term-time or summer employment .
Many students participate in research through term-time or summer employment.
Many students participate in research, working with graduate students and faculty advisors.
Many students participate in service at one of over thirty nonprofit organizations in Jacksonville.
Many students participate in some aspect of theater during their years at Wesleyan.
Many students participate in sporting activities, whether for relaxation or competition.
Many students participate in study abroad experiences around the world.
Many students participate in summer internships in athletic training.
Many students participate in the annual and national IEEE design contests and paper competitions.
Many students participate in the large selection of societies available.
Many students participate in the Leadership Sequence, which is more or less a leadership minor.
Many students participate in the lunch portion of the program.
Many students participate in the ministries needed for the celebration.
Many students participate in UROPs within the department.
Many students participate in weekly programs such as lectures, discussion groups, film series.
Many students participate to be competitive, or just for the love of the game.
Many students participate voluntarily in at least one school team during the year.
Many students pass on information to the officers on campus every day.
Many students pass two or more actuarial examinations before graduating from college.
Many students pay for their education.
Many students pay high fees for programmes that are perceived to have international value.
Many students pay their own tuition, while some are sponsored by organizations.
Many students pay thousands of dollars to get an education.
Many students perceive the subject as inherently uninteresting and difficult.
Many students perform in ensembles, take lessons, and enroll for a class or two.
Many students perform in ensembles, take lessons, and enroll in a class or two.
Many students perform internships at some time prior to graduation.
Many students perform research while undergraduates.
Many students perform undergraduate research under faculty supervision.
Many students pick philosophy as a second major.
Many students pick their program first, then the choice of institution becomes clear.
Many students pick their projects from a selection of projects proposed and designed by the mentor.
Many students pick up their tape order on the same day as their student orientation.
Many students picture male cheerleaders in a very different light.
Many students plan on investing in the future when they have more funds.
Many students plan their programs to earn a double major.
Many students plan their semester schedule around the practice and weekend schedule of the team.
Many students plan to be involved in the production area.
Many students plan to further their education in the military.
Many students plan to major in premed or prelaw in college.
Many students plan to purchase a car.
Many students plan to start the summer job hunt during spring break.
Many students plan to use a vocation as a means for entering a foreign country to do mission work.
Many students plan to wait a couple weeks before looking for other jobs.
Many students planning to attend law school select the international relations major.
Many students play a variety of sports all year round so that they always stay in shape.
Many students play college-sponsored sports as outlined in the athletics section.
Many students play for Wellington and New Zealand.
Many students play instruments to accompany the songs.
Many students play sports such as basketball, soccer, or softball.
Many students play the ball too far forward in their stance.
Many students point out that they keep in touch with friends they leave behind.
Many students possess higher expectations for their housing accommodations.
Many students post their assignments the traditional way.
Many students praise our labs as the most valuable element in the course.
Many students predict behavior inconsistent with actual performance.
Many students prefer a career outside of science.
Many students prefer a classroom environment.
Many students prefer formal classroom training, boot camps or CD-ROM based instruction.
Many students prefer jeans and a sweater while some feel more at ease in a suit or dress.
Many students prefer living in high rise buildings because of better management and security.
Many students prefer privacy.
Many students prefer taking courses on the Web.
Many students prefer the convenience of online and voice registration.
Many students prefer the hammer grip as it initially feels more natural.
Many students prefer to bring lunches and sit at the picnic tables near the classrooms.
Many students prefer to do their final year projects with the industry.
Many students prefer to find apartments or rooms in the Boulder community.
Many students prefer to find off-campus accommodations on their own in the community.
Many students prefer to have a printer in their own room though.
Many students prefer to house their formal references in our offices in a credential file.
Many students prefer to keep their plants inside.
Many students prefer to live in private apartments and houses.
Many students prefer to live in shared houses or flats rented privately.
Many students prefer to purchase recorders with a variable speed feature.
Many students prefer to purchase their own CD's for personal use at home.
Many students prefer to purchase used textbooks rather than new.
Many students prefer to rent shared apartments in the city.
Many students prefer to set up their own studios after graduation.
Many students prefer to stay in the local area after graduation to seek employment.
Many students prefer to take classes at a college located near their homes during the summer months.
Many students prefer to take classes in prime time.
Many students prefer to wait a few semesters before making that decision.
Many students prefer to work during the day and go to school at night.
Many students prefer to write and read here, away from the bustle of their lodgings.
Many students prefer to write their own outlines.
Many students prepare for interviews by looking at brochures or visiting a company's website.
Many students prepare for their professional careers through internships at local companies.
Many students prepare questions to discuss with a specific character.
Many students present papers and publish articles before graduation.
Many students present the results of their research at scientific meetings.
Many students present their completed work in archival mats.
Many students present their research at professional or student conferences.
Many students proceed to postgraduate courses, research or teaching in environmental science.
Many students produce works as an expression of their feelings.
Many students progress to higher degrees in Zoology before seeking employment.
Many students publish articles and present at conferences by the time they graduate.
Many students publish or present the results of their projects.
Many students publish papers on their local research.
Many students publish their findings along the way, as well.
Many students purchase carpet remnants for their residence hall room.
Many students purchase laptop computers.
Many students purchase second-hand books, etc., keeping costs for books and supplies down.
Many students purchase their own computer once they are on campus.
Many students purchase used books from the bookstore because used books are cheap .
Many students purchase used books from the bookstore.
Many students pursue a double major in astrophysics and physics.
Many students pursue a master's degree while they are employed in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
Many students pursue a music major or minor along with a major or minor in another subject area.
Many students pursue an independent job search.
Many students pursue careers in law.
Many students pursue certificate programs and associate in arts or associate in science degrees.
Many students pursue further research under the direction of faculty sponsors.
Many students pursue graduate careers.
Many students pursue graduate degrees in international relations.
Many students pursue graduate studies after completing their bachelor's degree.
Many students pursue graduate studies.
Many students pursue graduate study.
Many students pursue higher degrees.
Many students pursue independent study options to examine topics more thoroughly.
Many students pursue independent study projects closely supervised by individual faculty.
Many students pursue internships in Chicago, but there is no geographical limit to internship sites.
Many students pursue majors in nursing and psychology.
Many students pursue professionally oriented degrees, especially at the graduate level.
Many students pursue professionally-oriented degrees, especially at the graduate level.
Many students pursue some kind of internship or work experience during their undergraduate career.
Many students pursue studies beyond the bachelor's degree.
Many students pursue the secondary education option.
Many students pursue their interest in sociology at the graduate level.
Many students pursue training in community and primary care settings.
Many students put classroom leaning into practice by participating in internships .
Many students qualify for benefits, for example in the case of mature students.
Many students qualify for educational loans.
Many students qualify for financial assistance in paying for education.
Many students qualify for financial assistance while attending on a part-time basis.
Many students qualify for financial assistance.
Many students qualify for free or reduced price school lunches.
Many students qualify for more than one program simultaneously.
Many students qualify to compete at the national level.
Many students question if living on campus is really the best deal going for room and board.
Many students quickly become experts at assimilating information, a necessary and useful skill.
Many students quit school simply because they are unclear about what they want.
Many students quit the sport before they reached moderate proficiency.
Many students quote too much.
Many students raise support from their churches or friends.
Many students raise their hands.
Many students reach high school with problems like substance abuse.
Many students reach their junior or even senior year and decide they want to go to law school.
Many students read and listen passively, simply absorbing information.
Many students read and wrote much more, and much better than they had in past semesters.
Many students read comics or play cards, turning toward the blackboard only when summoned by name.
Many students read only enough to get by, usually only the examples.
Many students read trade books on their own.
Many students read with expression and feeling, and many read with great fluency.
Many students realize the importance of learning skills in learning.
Many students receive a co-op job offer after leaving campus for the term break.
Many students receive academic credit for their internships through their university or college.
Many students receive academic credit for their internships.
Many students receive academic scholarships to support their college educations.
Many students receive additional fellowship support.
Many students receive advice from members of departments outside their home departments.
Many students receive aid through their employer s tuition reimbursement program.
Many students receive an offer of employment as a direct result of their externship experience.
Many students receive awards equal to the cost of tuition, fees and books.
Many students receive callbacks and job offers immediately or in the subsequent three months.
Many students receive college credits as a result of their performance on proficiency examinations.
Many students receive college scholarships.
Many students receive coverage through their parents.
Many students receive credit directly from their home institution.
Many students receive financial aid from a variety of loan sources.
Many students receive financial assistance through grants, scholarships, loans and work study.
Many students receive financial support.
Many students receive full or partial tuition reimbursement from their employers.
Many students receive full resident tuition funding as well as a stipend each semester.
Many students receive full-time job offers from the organization with which they interned.
Many students receive independent study credit for their experience.
Many students receive instruction in computer skills as they apply to the medical office.
Many students receive insufficient financial aid to cover the full cost of their tuition.
Many students receive job offers from internship sites.
Many students receive job offers from the organizations they intern for.
Many students receive job opportunities prior to graduation.
Many students receive little or no exposure to the most important concept in modern biology.
Many students receive misinformation when they rely on fellow students for accurate information.
Many students receive multiple job offers prior to or upon graduation.
Many students receive multiple offers.
Many students receive notification of a merit award with their admissions acceptance letter.
Many students receive offers while working as an intern.
Many students receive partial or full tuition reimbursement from their employers.
Many students receive perfect attendance certificates at the end of the year.
Many students receive permanent job offers from their Internship employers upon graduation.
Many students receive refunds, because they fall into lower tax brackets or qualify for tax credits.
Many students receive residencies where they completed their clinical training.
Many students receive scholarship or grant assistance from outside sources.
Many students receive scholarships from private sources.
Many students receive several job offers prior to completion of their training.
Many students receive special services.
Many students receive state and federal assistance.
Many students receive summer internships.
Many students receive summer support from research grants.
Many students receive tuition assistance through their employer's tuition reimbursement plan.
Many students recognize that the erosion of trust hurts everyone.
Many students recommend purchasing one designed for the game.
Many students recruit their mentors, often older members in the congregation.
Many students refer themselves.
Many students refer to it as a home away from home.
Many students regard it as their most intense and fulfilling university learning experience.
Many students regard the homestay as the most rewarding aspect of their foreign study experience.
Many students regard their homestays as the most rewarding aspect of their foreign study experience.
Many students register for seats in classes and then never show up.
Many students register on site at the first meeting of the class.
Many students register without coming to campus.
Many students regress to a lower level of functioning over vacation periods.
Many students rely on federal government loans to finance their education.
Many students rely on federal government loans to finance their educations.
Many students rely on it for note taking.
Many students rely on outside aid to help finance their education.
Many students rely on the labs for all their printing needs to save space in their rooms.
Many students rely on the labs for specialized software to complete homework assignments.
Many students rely on the private rental market for their housing needs.
Many students remain a senior for three or four semesters.
Many students remain in the same level for several sessions.
Many students remain on campus during summer breaks to work on projects with faculty members.
Many students remember and appreciate the things they learned in offbeat classes.
Many students rent a place together as a group, particularly after their first year.
Many students rent a small refrigerator for their rooms.
Many students rent and share small houses.
Many students rent apartments in Chicago and the neighboring suburbs.
Many students rent off campus housing, in the surrounding beach communities.
Many students repeat the language in College that they took in high school.
Many students report devoting even more time to the study of physics.
Many students report intangible benefits to their participation in adult education.
Many students report making connections across disciplines.
Many students report seeing letters moving on the page and letter reversals.
Many students report seeing their counselors less than one hour a year.
Many students report strange and unexplained happenings in the dorms in which they live on.
Many students report that after the calculations are done another set of samples is needed.
Many students report that discussion sections are their favorite part of the course.
Many students report that initially they feel hesitant about seeking our services.
Many students report that it is one of the most rewarding experiences in their college careers.
Many students report that the experience is life-changing.
Many students report that the key in finding their job was using their time wisely.
Many students report that they can apply what they learn in class on the job the next day.
Many students report that they register a sort of shock at the first test grade in some classes.
Many students request assistance.
Many students request more than one name and bring in several gifts.
Many students request transfers between school districts.
Many students require additional assistance with financing their education.
Many students require extensive personal attention in computer instruction.
Many students require instruction in asthma management.
Many students require intervention as they do their research.
Many students require longer.
Many students require more contact with an instructor.
Many students require more than one semester to master the course objectives.
Many students require more.
Many students require only a few hours of tutoring until they start to achieve success.
Many students require screening for eye problems and eyeglasses.
Many students resent such noises that diminish their ability to learn.
Many students reside in apartment housing off-campus.
Many students reside in dormitories, while some live in town or commute from nearby towns.
Many students resist being led to the chemistry lab because they find the subject boring.
Many students resort to gifts that keep on giving literally.
Many students resort to the use of legal drugs during finals week in order to stay awake.
Many students respond to the holistic paradigm with enthusiasm.
Many students respond to world, state, and local needs.
Many students retain close ties with faculty members long after graduating.
Many students retain contact with lecturers long after they have finished studying.
Many students return from studying abroad with friendships that cross cultures and last a lifetime.
Many students return home with fine collections of souvenirs.
Many students return home, and others stay on campus or travel abroad.
Many students return to enroll in two or more additional classes.
Many students return to the co-op or internship company upon graduation.
Many students return to their hometown to complete their internship.
Many students reuse the paper for scrap or note taking.
Many students reveal their turmoil through creative projects.
Many students revise their grant applications and are funded in future semesters.
Many students revise their original choice on the basis of experience gained in their first year.
Many students ride bicycles to school.
Many students ride bikes or walk to school on a daily basis.
Many students ride school busses to and from school, but a few walk to neighboring homes nearby.
Many students ride their bicycles to campus when the weather is nice.
Many students run a lot of tests rapidly for their first unknown.
Many students run into difficulties at some stage of their course.
Many students sacrifice their sleep in order to get everything done.
Many students save money to pay for some or all of their study abroad program.
Many students save most of their studying for the night before the test.
Many students say it is in giving back that they receive their greatest rewards.
Many students say supporters of the mosque-based groups now control most campus senates.
Many students say that behavioral principles are just common sense.
Many students say that chapel is one of the most valuable aspects of their seminary training.
Many students say that getting started is the hardest part of writing a paper.
Many students say that it is the best and most challenging course that they have ever taken.
Many students say that the campus is better than before after the changes.
Many students say that the people they live with become their best friends.
Many students say that the teachers are the best part of the school.
Many students say that the year is very demanding, intellectually, emotionally and physically.
Many students say the demands of organic chemistry are unlike any previous course they have had.
Many students say the lake is a great place to unwind from the pressures of school.
Many students say the least stressful place to study is outside.
Many students say the school provides a good, reasonably priced education.
Many students say their faculty become mentors as well as teachers.
Many students say they are driven by an interest in helping people or curiosity about the brain.
Many students say they enjoy school for the first time.
Many students say they freeze up when they take a test.
Many students say they like living on campus because they feel like they're a part of it all.
Many students say they like the freedom of being able to leave school grounds for lunch.
Many students say they want more diversity in curriculum.
Many students say they've gotten various impressions of the war from parents or relatives.
Many students scoff at our school and community, proudly declaring it as unconnected to real life.
Many students secure a job prior to graduation with a former Co-op employer.
Many students see body piercing as a developmental process and a way to define themselves.
Many students see first hand what a day is like in the real world of work.
Many students see internships as a way to develop important professional contacts.
Many students see no reason to stay close to home or go anywhere but the best schools.
Many students see school as a sort of combination punishment and daycare, and refuse to try.
Many students see the university as a way to find both themselves and a career.
Many students see the value in taking a course in summer.
Many students seek advanced training in nutrition or other health-related fields.
Many students seek advice regarding consumer complaints.
Many students seek appointments just to be heard in a safe and confidential setting.
Many students seek assistance in applying for scholarships.
Many students seek career guidance and assistance from faculty and advisors.
Many students seek career guidance from faculty and advisors.
Many students seek counseling as an aid to their personal development during their years of study.
Many students seek extra help before school, during lunch, and after school.
Many students seek out positions on their own.
Many students seek part time employment to help pay for their education.
Many students seek peers with similar abilities and interests and ignore outside reactions.
Many students seek positions as substitute teachers during the spring following student teaching.
Many students seek summer internships in which they can work for one summer.
Many students seek to ease the financial burden of education through grants and scholarships.
Many students seeking teacher certification add a coaching minor to their credentials.
Many students seem concerned only with GPAs and jobs.
Many students seem determined to cram all their research notes into the paper.
Many students seem more comfortable disassociating themselves from others with disabilities.
Many students seem open to spending extra time with our teachers outside of class.
Many students seem to agree.
Many students seem to be more than satisfied with the program.
Many students seem to find, and in some cases to harness, the kind of person they want to become.
Many students seem to have great difficulty with following directions.
Many students seem to know the name of a taxi service run by people from their home country.
Many students seem to lack the necessary strategies for dealing with text.
Many students seem to make choices based on exposure.
Many students seem to think so.
Many students select a topic from their previous involvement in internships and field experience.
Many students select an internship option and earn credit for real-world experience.
Many students select courses of study that combine courses from many tracks.
Many students select their major based upon their future career goals.
Many students select their own work to be included in portfolios.
Many students sell chocolate covered almonds.
Many students sell some of their textbooks from one semester to help pay for the next term's books.
Many students sell their old books each year.
Many students send new mailing labels to their former residence.
Many students serve as interns in social agencies, hospitals and businesses.
Many students serve as laboratory or research assistants, tutors, or resource center coordinators.
Many students serve as research and teaching assistants.
Many students serve in local churches, on ministry teams, and in community projects.
Many students serve on numerous committees which meet on the students' own time.
Many students serve under their home church pastor.
Many students set very high standards.
Many students share a box.
Many students share a printer between two systems.
Many students share apartments in the greater Boston area.
Many students share apartments with fellow students or find rooms in the homes of American families.
Many students share apartments.
Many students share larger apartments to minimize housing costs.
Many students share outdoor activities and community functions with their host families.
Many students share rides with friends to their homes for holidays.
Many students share room and board to reduce costs.
Many students share similar stories.
Many students share that hesitation.
Many students shop around and price lessons.
Many students shop early for their books.
Many students show an interest in joining the army to further their career.
Many students show up at the desk, though, with books to check out but without their cards.
Many students sign up and repeat classes they enjoy for no credit.
Many students simply choose to go to a particular school without knowing which faculty are there.
Many students simply print out one document without exploring the links.
Many students simultaneously learn and earn.
Many students sit down at their machine, turn on the taped material and write away.
Many students sleep well at night thinking of the many hours spent with their study group.
Many students speak of close acquaintances and even friendships with our principal.
Many students speak of the special friendships they make while living on campus.
Many students specialize and pursue advanced degrees and leadership positions.
Many students spend a lot of time playing the guitar, and sometimes play for several years.
Many students spend a summer in an off-campus research laboratory.
Many students spend an internship in industry, putting theory to practice.
Many students spend between one and three years pursuing thesis research outside the United States.
Many students spend entire days playing mahjong.
Many students spend exorbitant amounts of money at the grocery store.
Many students spend half their time just getting organized.
Many students spend hours in front of television and computer monitors.
Many students spend less money while some spend more.
Many students spend part of their study abroad or do their internships in foreign companies.
Many students spend several years trying to get into a medical or engineering college.
Many students spend the remainder of the day either working or completing their schoolwork at home.
Many students spend too much time hunting for the perfect topic.
Many students spend up to a year on overseas field-work.
Many students spend weeks working on their projects.
Many students spend years in America and never stay in an American home for a few days.
Many students start a career in public accounting.
Many students start at the sophomore level and work through graduation.
Many students start careers in public companies.
Many students start college and are unclear or unsure about future plans or goals.
Many students start earning money from freelance work.
Many students start exploring the Internet only to find much of it is a toxic-waste dump.
Many students start in the seventh grade and then come for two or three years.
Many students start lessons earlier.
Many students start new paragraphs at random.
Many students start of by experimenting with drugs for fun and they include members of both sexes.
Many students start or complete their job search after graduation.
Many students start out their career plans from the notion that they want to help people.
Many students start packing for college months in advance.
Many students start raising a family and take on a mortgage soon after college.
Many students start taking classes toward their major in their freshman year.
Many students start their working lives already in debt, trying to pay back at least one loan.
Many students start to feel the pressure of college the minute they arrive.
Many students start to realize that they, too, can solve very challenging real-life math problems.
Many students start to study history because they are inspired by a favorite teacher.
Many students start with a certificate program and later decide to pursue the full degree.
Many students start with one idea and evolve it over the course of their study.
Many students stay for their fifth year as well.
Many students stay home to study and they leave their social time for the weekend.
Many students stay in hostels until they can make other arrangements.
Many students stay in touch with their resident assistant long after the summer is over.
Many students stay late to work on their own projects.
Many students stay later or come early for a vacation.
Many students stay on with the company as automotive technicians.
Many students stay up to a year, progressing through greater levels of mastery.
Many students stay with one partner for a long time.
Many students stay with the same house group teacher throughout their stay at the high school.
Many students still believe in waiting until marriage before having sex.
Many students still have concerns about their major going into their junior and senior years.
Many students still prefer to party.
Many students still take their lunch to school.
Many students stop attending lecture to work on the compiler.
Many students stop to socialize and have meals here.
Many students struggle in auditing.
Many students struggle through school but through hard work and dedication anything can be achieved.
Many students struggle to find work experience that is beneficial to their course of study.
Many students struggle with even the most basic mathematical concepts.
Many students struggle with final selection of a major.
Many students struggle with getting homework completed.
Many students struggle with math because they have difficulty visualizing the concepts.
Many students struggle with math.
Many students struggle with selection of a specific major .
Many students struggle with selection of a specific major.
Many students struggle with the reading that is connected to their course.
Many students struggle with the selection of a major.
Many students struggle with the written report that accompanies a science fair project.
Many students study abroad during the junior year.
Many students study abroad, either to fulfill the language requirement or for their own interests.
Many students study biology as preparation for professional training in the health sciences.
Many students study English, math and social studies in discussion groups.
Many students study film or cinema at colleges and universities.
Many students study hard, get good grades and good scores.
Many students study in Germany in conjunction with the Rome semester .
Many students study in their rooms or in the library.
Many students study Italian because they plan to become language teachers.
Many students study Italian to become language teachers.
Many students study languages other than English.
Many students study music and participate in the college's many performing groups.
Many students study overseas specifically to strengthen foreign language knowledge.
Many students study part time and propose a timescale to suit personal requirements.
Many students study social work, law, or pursue a master of business administration.
Many students study Spanish for years without ever learning how to speak.
Many students study statistics reluctantly.
Many students substitute during the day and attend classes in the evening.
Many students successfully transition back to their public schools.
Many students suddenly develop symptoms of the diseases they are studying.
Many students suffer from an instructional strategy that is all too common in classrooms.
Many students suffer from homesickness to some degree.
Many students suffer the consequences.
Many students supplement their on-campus classroom schedule through distance education courses.
Many students supplement their time in Aarhus with a period spent abroad.
Many students support labor unions because the loss of jobs affects their futures.
Many students support the bill and are thankful that it passed.
Many students support the implementation of the new card system.
Many students support use of the book.
Many students sure do, anyway.
Many students take a combination of both academic and vocational subjects.
Many students take a conventional route to the pulpit.
Many students take a double major.
Many students take a little bit longer to complete their degree.
Many students take a PR course because advertising and PR functions overlap in many jobs.
Many students take a second area of emphasis or an an adjunct emphasis in business management.
Many students take additional coursework related to their thesis.
Many students take admission tests more than once.
Many students take advantage of internship opportunities, gaining valuable real-world experience.
Many students take advantage of opportunities for service in area schools and agencies.
Many students take advantage of our on-campus athletic facilities.
Many students take advantage of special interest housing located throughout the campus.
Many students take advantage of study abroad and internship programmes.
Many students take advantage of substance-free living options on campus.
Many students take advantage of such an opportunity and appropriately so.
Many students take advantage of the array of support services offered throughout the academic day.
Many students take advantage of the availability of part-time jobs to help finance their education.
Many students take advantage of the centre.
Many students take advantage of the internships in the summer.
Many students take advantage of the opportunity and try something new.
Many students take advantage of the program by depositing enough money for long periods of time.
Many students take advantage of the three and six week sessions available during the summer months.
Many students take advantage of the work placement opportunities in industry and commerce.
Many students take advantage of TTC's flexible transfer program.
Many students take all their lessons in a manual shift car, and the road test in automatic.
Many students take an additional minor available in most fields.
Many students take an internship as a part of their program.
Many students take applied mathematics courses, statistics courses, or computer science courses.
Many students take both courses to gain insight into the world of business as a career.
Many students take breaks in their training and most DZs have sensible retraining policies.
Many students take charge by choosing to get a new body piercing or tattoo.
Many students take classes at a local community college during their senior year.
Many students take classes at area high schools in the evenings.
Many students take courses each term and during the interim period on a year round basis.
Many students take courses in both divisions.
Many students take courses in finance and accounting as well.
Many students take courses which are in different departments, but are related.
Many students take elective courses in biology, computer science, business, and engineering.
Many students take electives after they have completed the core courses.
Many students take electives in business, speech communication, and education.
Many students take extra money for travel before or after their program.
Many students take fewer hours or attend only one session.
Many students take field trips to fish hatcheries, hydro power plants and farm tours.
Many students take film studies courses as electives complementary to other majors.
Many students take from three to four months to complete their training, but others take longer.
Many students take full-time positions with intern sponsoring employers upon graduation.
Many students take IR as a pre-law program or for entry to graduate studies.
Many students take just a few courses in Philosophy to supplement their work in other fields.
Many students take just one or two philosophy courses, while majoring in other programs.
Many students take languages other than Spanish or Japanese.
Many students take longer because of job or family commitments.
Many students take longer than four years to complete school.
Many students take longer than four years to graduate.
Many students take longer than four years to graudate.
Many students take martial arts classes for fun and fitness, to learn self-defense, and lose weight.
Many students take modules for interest and personal development.
Many students take more than four years because they're doing a lot of other things, too.
Many students take more than one proseminar.
Many students take music lessons or enjoy playing an instrument during their free time.
Many students take on a job while in graduate school, but only as a last resort.
Many students take one and a half or two years to complete the degree.
Many students take one course per quarter and complete the program in two years.
Many students take one or two units of psychology without intending to become psychologists.
Many students take only one course per semester.
Many students take only one or two courses.
Many students take our appraisal classes to begin a new career.
Many students take part in campus groups .
Many students take part in Co-op and Summer employment opportunities each year.
Many students take part in internships, co-ops, and work experiences in their field of study.
Many students take part in internships, co-ops, and work experiences in their field or study.
Many students take part in sports activities during the weekends and after classes.
Many students take part in student groups, clubs, and other activities outside of class.
Many students take part in the merriment largely because all the proceeds go to charity.
Many students take part-time jobs and work long hours during the summer to pay for their programs.
Many students take private lessons like piano instruction.
Many students take private piano or instrument lessons.
Many students take relevant coursework while studying abroad.
Many students take research since other alternate avenues are closed.
Many students take science classes for personal interest alone.
Many students take some prelaw courses in their undergraduate program.
Many students take some time to understand the projection needed.
Many students take summer courses to allow a reduced load for other semesters.
Many students take summer school by choice.
Many students take the class, but very few join the school after their course is over.
Many students take the el to get to the Chicago campus and to downtown Chicago.
Many students take the exam three or four times to pass it.
Many students take the extra classes to qualify for both degrees.
Many students take the graduate program for professional growth.
Many students take the occasional weekend jaunt to Vancouver.
Many students take the opportunity to invite friends to dinner.
Many students take the opportunity to work in legal firms during vacations.
Many students take the program part time while they fulfill work and family responsibilities.
Many students take the PSAT as sophomores, though, for practice.
Many students take the test twice, once as a junior and again as a senior.
Many students take their rats home as pets at the end of the semester.
Many students take three courses per term.
Many students take time before or after the program for additional touring.
Many students take two languages and elect a language minor.
Many students take up employment with the company at the end of their project work.
Many students take up roles as campaign coordinators, clerks, or account managers.
Many students take up the shoulds as a way of prodding themselves into action.
Many students talk about their campus visits as being critical to their choices.
Many students tape the programs and watch when their schedules allow.
Many students tape the programs to review the lectures.
Many students tend to copy their assignments.
Many students tend to disagree.
Many students tend to forget that plants are living things and respire.
Many students tend to freeze up when it comes to taking their math exams.
Many students tend to think they never have enough time.
Many students tend to use bookmarks to connect to their courses.
Many students tense up at the very thought of taking an exam.
Many students test their own business ideas by starting ventures on campus.
Many students then continue in tuition-based individual or small group instruction.
Many students there are area-bound.
Many students think a good interview and resume are key.
Many students think about suicide as a way to resolve overwhelming problems.
Many students think computer science is where the action is.
Many students think distance education is a short-cut to easy grades and a graduate degree.
Many students think independent learning means working alone .
Many students think it's unnecessary to develop their resume until their senior year.
Many students think of it as home base when they have something to discuss or questions to ask.
Many students think of mathematics as only computation.
Many students think of science as getting the right answers.
Many students think of their classes as obstacles that they have to get past.
Many students think only of information, but there is no transformation.
Many students think quotes are useful, and they can be.
Many students think that all they have to do to get an essay off the ground is state the topic.
Many students think that daydreaming is a huge stumbling block.
Many students think that everything on the Web is fact and is accurately stated.
Many students think that if they just stop going to a class, they are withdrawn from it.
Many students think that minerals are found only in nonliving objects, such as rocks or soil.
Many students think that parentheses are used only around two numbers.
Many students think that paying for tuition and books is enough.
Many students think that peer tutoring indicates that they are remedial in some way.
Many students think that the enforcement is a crackdown on a college life and social experiences.
Many students think that the equals sign is simply a prompt for an answer.
Many students think that the fellowship is a good opportunity.
Many students think that the longer the sentence they write, the better the sentence.
Many students think that the Web is the Internet.
Many students think that their writing days are over when they leave school.
Many students think the contents of the magazine are boring, and few students read all of any issue.
Many students think the key to diminishing juvenile crime is creating positive outlets for youths.
Many students think the responsibility lies with the user.
Many students think the ski team is simply a club, but that's only part of it.
Many students think the special knowledge from a major determines the occupation they obtain.
Many students think there is some mystique surrounding artificial intelligence.
Many students think they're too busy, they have to work and do school work.
Many students think writing is a real drag.
Many students thrive on co-operative and collaborative work in small groups.
Many students trained in the Valley often wind up in Austin or northern California s Silicon Valley.
Many students transfer in credit from other institutions.
Many students transfer in from the college where they earned their associate degree.
Many students transfer to four-year institutions prior to completing the associate's degree.
Many students transfer to four-year schools after they complete their program.
Many students transfer to good four-year schools for social work and sociology.
Many students transfer to our department from another college or university.
Many students transfer to theatre, dance and music departments of major colleges and universities.
Many students transfer without desiring or requesting an AA degree or certificate.
Many students travel because they are dissatisfied with the state of their life at home.
Many students travel before, during, or after the Italy program.
Many students travel by bicycle as South Manchester, where most students live, is quite flat.
Many students travel by bus.
Many students travel in the U.S. during holidays and vacation periods.
Many students travel thousands of miles from their families.
Many students travel to France or other countries for higher education.
Many students travel together during the vacations.
Many students traveling through Europe choose to stay in hostels instead of hotels.
Many students try to bargain with some sort of deity.
Many students try to bargain with some sort of diety.
Many students try to develop the flowchart from a program that they have slaved over.
Many students try to distinguish themselves with creative or unusual approaches to their essays.
Many students try to figure out what the competition is as they ride the bus to the site.
Many students try to get away with copying from a source, but making one or two minor changes.
Many students try to get to two or three firms at least, so they can compare the cultures.
Many students try to have too much happen in their animation.
Many students try to juggle work, friends, clubs, and classes their first year.
Many students try to keep their bodies healthy through dieting and many trips to the gym.
Many students try to load their course schedules with classes taught by renowned professors.
Many students try to look for the shortest possible article.
Many students try to save money and time by pursuing a correspondence hypnosis course.
Many students trying for programs in the middle tier also feel that it is wise to do externships.
Many students tune out lessons that require a basic book, paper, and pencil.
Many students turn an internship experience into their first job after graduation.
Many students turn the intern experience into their first job after graduation.
Many students turn to alcohol as a social lubricant.
Many students turn to their peers for help when they can t pass muster.
Many students turn to withdrawal as a solution to a problem which can be solved by other means.
Many students tutor more than one semester.
Many students tutor or mentor students regularly or when they have time.
Many students underestimate the amount of work involved.
Many students underestimate their own shooting skills.
Many students undertake a supervised dissertation on a topic of their own choice.
Many students undertake their research topics abroad.
Many students urge a three-day conference.
Many students use a backpack as their piece of carry-on luggage.
Many students use a highlighter on their textbook.
Many students use a template for making guidelines.
Many students use a tutor to help raise their grades.
Many students use bicycles for transportation, particularly if they live on campus or close by.
Many students use bicycles to get around campus.
Many students use bicycles to travel around town.
Many students use black for articles and red for the paragraphs.
Many students use cartographic imagery in their design and multimedia projects.
Many students use commas too often, or where full stops ought to be.
Many students use desktop computers only.
Many students use earnings to make payments to their bill.
Many students use electives to develop a minor.
Many students use email and student demand for email services is increasing.
Many students use e-mail to post their assignments and discuss feedback.
Many students use it for that extra degree of silence and solitude required for studying.
Many students use our chapel program to share in music, testimony, or many other types of ministry.
Many students use our modern computer lab to brush up on skills or learn new ones.
Many students use public transportation systems.
Many students use registered child minders for flexibility of hours.
Many students use roller blades to get to and from class.
Many students use shoe racks or underbed storage containers to save space.
Many students use SLRs to learn how aperture and shutter speed are controlled to determine exposure.
Many students use the bachelor's degree for preparation for graduate school.
Many students use the beds as pit stop during a hectic work-load.
Many students use the biology major to prepare for advanced study, often in health-related fields.
Many students use the break between semesters to change residences.
Many students use the center to improve their English.
Many students use the classifieds board at all times during the year.
Many students use the conference to reveal personal information about themselves.
Many students use the degree as preparation for graduate school.
Many students use the extra time to study more, and still others participate in other activities.
Many students use the Internet but are unsure of how to cite what they use.
Many students use the Internet for help on their schoolwork.
Many students use the Internet for preliminary searches for information.
Many students use the Internet for research or communicating via e-mail.
Many students use the Internet to complete homework assignments or conduct research.
Many students use the laser printers in the labs to give their papers that extra touch.
Many students use the outline by printing it and bringing it to class.
Many students use the resources that are available for group projects.
Many students use the scheme to try one or two modules before committing to a full degree course.
Many students use the service after late-night classes inorder to avoid walking in the dark.
Many students use the summer term to take advantage of Miami's experience in international study.
Many students use the time between classes to focus on studies.
Many students use the trail near the beach for a quiet place to walk, roller blade, run, or bike.
Many students use the whiteboard to collaborate with others on assignments.
Many students use their cell phones.
Many students use their co-op earnings to defray some of their educational expenses.
Many students use their education in sociology as preparation for further studies.
Many students use their holidays as an opportunity to see more of Australia.
Many students use their stay in Bologna as an opportunity for other travel in Europe.
Many students use their training in further degrees or employment.
Many students use their winter breaks for extra internships.
Many students use their work-study jobs to explore career options and to update their resume.
Many students use too bright study lamps positioned too close to the face.
Many students use too much force.
Many students use units from the degree program to update their professional knowledge.
Many students use vintage clothing as a medium to express their individuality.
Many students use weekend drinking as a way to forget the stress of the school week.
Many students use word-processing to type papers for class.
Many students utilize bicycles as their primary means of local transportation.
Many students utilize the bunked beds to save space in the room.
Many students venture outside the United States in search of an international experience.
Many students view college as a fresh start and a time to do things on their own.
Many students view college as a time to express their independence.
Many students view engineering as a science.
Many students view mathematics as a set of rules made up a long time ago.
Many students view reading as a simple, though often burdensome, activity.
Many students view the intrastate rivalry as serious business.
Many students visit campuses during breaks.
Many students visit Canada to experience the cultural and shopping opportunities of a bigger city.
Many students visit during the summer.
Many students visit our site to find out more about occupations in the dental field.
Many students visit staff rooms and ask questions.
Many students visit the school library on a daily basis.
Many students visit with their families, travel, or complete academic assignments.
Many students voluntarily take a role in that, but the staff is where the buck stops.
Many students volunteer after graduating, before going to college.
Many students volunteer at local shelters for the homeless.
Many students volunteer each weekend to work on the houses.
Many students volunteer for community activities.
Many students volunteer for the job.
Many students volunteer in area hospitals and clinics, either in clinical or research capacities.
Many students volunteer in several off campus settings.
Many students volunteer to open up their rooms for guests visiting the seminary.
Many students volunteer to respond verbally.
Many students volunteer.
Many students vote for bond issues that are paid for by higher property taxes.
Many students wait too late to ask for help.
Many students wait until junior or even senior year before pursuing internship positions.
Many students wait until just before the deadlines to begin handing in their portfolio items.
Many students wait until the first week of classes to buy their books.
Many students walk across campus at night without hesitation.
Many students walk on the back straps of their sandals.
Many students walk or bike to class.
Many students walk three to four blocks to get to their stop.
Many students walk through the doors of the dojo.
Many students walk to school and many ride the bus.
Many students walk, ride bikes, or park on campus.
Many students waste precious time waiting for others to finish.
Many students wear jeans.
Many students wish to complete their coursework ahead of time.
Many students wish to declare independence from their parents.
Many students wish to expand their undergraduate experience by studying in a foreign country.
Many students wish to participate in the induction process.
Many students wish to return home or to work in a country other than their own or the United States.
Many students wonder about the issue of radiation exposure.
Many students wonder how many classes they can take in one session.
Many students wonder how one applies for a job.
Many students wonder if the evaluations are worthwhile.
Many students wonder if they are too old to start college.
Many students wonder what benefit can be derived from the study of sociology and anthropology.
Many students wonder what constitutes unusual circumstances.
Many students wonder what they can DO with specific majors.
Many students wonder when they are ever going to use the stuff that they are learning.
Many students wonder where the money garnered from citations go.
Many students wonder whether to buy a desktop or a laptop computer.
Many students work after class or have other classes throughout the day.
Many students work already to pay living expenses and tuition.
Many students work and have other activities in their lives in addition to their classes.
Many students work and take classes part-time.
Many students work as professional interns for agencies during their course of study.
Many students work as research assistants in faculty programs.
Many students work at summer camps as counselors, cooks and maintenance workers.
Many students work during the day and go to class at night.
Many students work for lawyers or judges during school to gain experiences.
Many students work for two years or more on a research project with a faculty member.
Many students work four days, taking two half-days off to go to classes.
Many students work full time or part time during college.
Many students work hard on several different committees to help turn the evening into a success.
Many students work hard to afford the cost that often accompanies off-campus living.
Many students work in a lab in the summer and submit the results of their research.
Many students work in offices during the summers before they graduate.
Many students work in partners, helping each other with process and checking findings.
Many students work in smaller businesses, gaining important entrepreneurial experience.
Many students work in teams.
Many students work in the hotel and food and beverage services departments.
Many students work in the library, which, during term, is open late and at the weekends.
Many students work in two or more departments on campus.
Many students work late at night.
Many students work more than one job on campus.
Many students work on campus in almost every department, and many more work in the community.
Many students work on campus, serving in a variety of positions.
Many students work on projects around the clock.
Many students work on projects until the wee hours of the morning.
Many students work on research projects under the direction of a faculty mentor.
Many students work on two courses at a time.
Many students work one to one with professors.
Many students work part time during the school year to meet a portion of their expenses.
Many students work part time to help with finances.
Many students work part-time for both the income and career experience.
Many students work part-time in order to accumulate their apprenticeship hours.
Many students work part-time in the restaurants and canteens.
Many students work part-time to supplement their incomes.
Many students work part-time while attending college without sacrifice to their grades.
Many students work part-time while in dental school.
Many students work part-time while in the program and there are many opportunities to do so.
Many students work their way through college.
Many students work to earn part of their educational expenses while they are attending college.
Many students work to pay their way through school.
Many students work with a volunteer buddy.
Many students work with all three offices to ensure that they get the best service.
Many students work with faculty in major funded research projects.
Many students work with faculty members as research assistants.
Many students work with faculty on independent research projects.
Many students work year round to raise funds to travel to convention.
Many students work year round to raise funds to travel to the convention.
Many students work, have families, and commute.
Many students write lots about other variables.
Many students write more or less.
Many students write on the course evaluations that they made great improvement in writing.
Many students write research papers with the faculty.
Many students write their list of activities performed during the week or planned for the future.
Many students write theses.
Many students write until they arrive at their position, and stop.
Many students wrongly assume that distance learning classes are similar to correspondence courses.
Many students yearn for a more connected form of teaching.
More student faces.
More students accelerate by one term rather than by two terms.
More students also means more computers.
More students also means more co-ordinators.
More students also means more teachers.
More students appreciate the fruits of their own intellectual labor and that of others.
More students are better prepared to enter the high-tech field.
More students are eligible for the master's research courses than spaces available.
More students are from families living at the poverty level.
More students are interested in recycling.
More students are likely to become aware of the PoE during preregistration next week.
More students are likely to have ready access to less specialized software.
More students are married and have part-time jobs.
More students are on the way.
More students are taking difficult courses, test scores are up, and the dropout rate is declining.
More students are then able to contribute their ideas to the solution process.
More students attend school part-time, in the evening or on weekends than a decade ago.
More students become involved in later summers, and some students continue during the academic year.
More students begin to talk, and some dance around the room.
More students begin volunteering observations.
More students beginning their formal education earlier sharpens the competition.
More students can afford to pay off their loans than ever before because our economy is so strong.
More students carry weapons for protection.
More students choose to leave Minnesota than to enter.
More students come from Asia than Latin America.
More students equates to more jobs for academics.
More students exhibit outcomes.
MORE Students experience a sense of equality.
More students experience difficulty because their topic is too broad.
More students feel comfortable in their living conditions than uncomfortable.
More students flunk out of college because of poor adjustment during the first semester.
More students get drunk and in jail or pregnant or ripped off at home than on spring break.
More students have full-time jobs and families of their own.
More students have the opportunity to develop leadership skills.
More students have trouble making the choice than are called to a specific discipline.
More students learn better by using it in real life than practicing on paper.
More students make it possible to have large groups working together.
More students mean a bigger talent pool for sports and music competitions.
More students mean higher standards and more competition for spots.
More students mean higher utilities.
More students mean more construction.
More students mean more faculty positions, and more faculty positions mean more staff positions.
More students mean more money and more union jobs.
More students mean more money.
More students means more labs, more lecture halls, and more residences.
More students means more state aid, which means no drastic budget cuts.
More students now obtain diplomas through non-traditional programs than in the earlier years.
More students obtain mastery after reteaching.
More students participate in extracurricular activities.
More students possess credit cards than at any other time in history.
More students report being able to talk to their mothers than their fathers.
More students select colleges in the same way they select restaurants.
More students share their opinions.
More students sign their names to the proclamation.
More students sign up for tutoring than the number of volunteers.
More students sneak into the room.
More students take advanced school courses.
More students taking the exam decreases the mean scores.
More students talk.
More students tend to enter fraternities in the fall.
More students vacate the bus with their parents and guardians anxiously awaiting their arrival.
Most students sometimes visit the music store when they go to the mall.
Most student can get the audio streaming, but occasionally, some people can get the video as well.
Most student find regular class attendance essential to passing the course.
Most student prefer to live in dorms, because they are quite cheap.
Most students accept homework as an unavoidable fact of life.
Most students access education.
Most students accrue eight or even nine credits.
Most students accumulate a large amount of debt while in medical school.
Most students achieve at least two grade levels of progress in only twenty hours of instruction.
Most students achieve success.
Most students acquire chances.
Most students acquire critical skills.
Most students acquire critical think skills.
Most students acquire life skills.
Most students acquire opportunity.
Most students acquire skills.
Most students acquire some teaching experience in the first year or two as teaching assistants.
Most students acquire think skills.
Most students actively participate in the discussions.
Most students actually enjoy the interview process.
Most students adapt quickly to the mountain air.
Most students adjust to the perceived void and find inspiration from different sources.
Most students admit that there's nothing to it.
Most students agree that a computer is an essential part of their academic experience.
Most students agree that having a cop on campus is a positive thing.
Most students agree that the lack of integration is an issue of cultural comfort.
Most students agree that the laptops are convenient and efficient.
Most students agree that the statement is false.
Most students agree that their most disappointing experience in Paris was having to leave.
Most students agree that with their tight budgets, letter writing is the best way to go.
Most students already have a browser so no client installation is necessary.
Most students already have a student identity card issued by their school or university.
Most students already have an Internet service provider at home.
Most students already have some kind of r sum .
Most students already know quite a few birds by sight or sound.
Most students also attend three to four lecture courses.
Most students also choose to study first year biology, geology or physics.
Most students also choose to study first year physics, geology, geography or computer science.
Most students also complete a professional summer internship between their first and second years.
Most students also continue with language study.
Most students also deal with culture shock.
Most students also disagree.
Most students also find that class attendance is critical to their success on quizzes.
Most students also have additional basic science backgrounds as part of their undergraduate majors.
Most students also have geographic limits on where they wish to go.
Most students also have their own e-mail address.
Most students also have to write an assessed project.
Most students also look forward to meal time as a time to interact.
Most students also obtain an electronic mail account.
Most students also participate in academic remediation.
Most students also pursue their theses full time for twelve to eighteen months.
Most students also receive a partial fee remission and health insurance.
Most students also receive additional separate summer funding.
Most students also speak some English.
Most students also specialize in world or local regions related to faculty expertise.
Most students also take an elective in the arts.
Most students alternate terms of work with full-time school.
Most students anticipating law school prepare by earning a liberal arts degree.
Most students apparently prefer to keep their books for future reference or for a personal library.
Most students appear to understand and are able to carry out procedures.
Most students apply at the beginning of their junior or senior years.
Most students apply at the beginning of their third or final year.
Most students apply critical skills.
Most students apply critical think skills.
Most students apply directly to a doctoral program.
Most students apply during the winter and spring months.
Most students apply either during the middle of their sophomore or junior years.
Most students apply for admission at the end of their sophomore year.
Most students apply for admission before beginning their sophomore year on the Bloomington campus .
Most students apply for medical school admissions while attending the program.
Most students apply forces.
Most students apply in the spring of their second year.
Most students apply knowledge.
Most students apply skills.
Most students apply straight from high school to enter as a freshman.
Most students apply techniques.
Most students apply their earnings toward tuition, books and other expenses.
Most students apply theories.
Most students apply think skills.
Most students apply to about a dozen medical schools.
Most students apply to about twelve colleges.
Most students apply to college in the spring before the fall semester in which they want to attend.
Most students apply to eight or ten different programs.
Most students apply to full-time graduate school in chemistry to pursue a Ph.D. degree.
Most students apply to more than one placement employer.
Most students apply to more than one school.
Most students apply to roughly a dozen schools.
Most students apply to several colleges.
Most students apply to their employer for sponsorship or support.
Most students apply to three to five graduate programs.
Most students apply under the Regular Decision Plan.
Most students apply various techniques.
Most students apply while they are still at school.
Most students appreciate the change of scene.
Most students approach human events with a humanistic set of concepts.
Most students approach lessons.
Most students approach their first year of college with the greatest of expectations.
Most students are a little anxious when they first book to see a counsellor.
Most students are a little skeptical about getting involved right away in college.
Most students are able to access a course of their choice at a tertiary institution.
Most students are able to accomplish their printing needs within the allocated page quota.
Most students are able to accumulate the credits needed for graduation in two years or less.
Most students are able to begin within a few weeks of their first phone call.
Most students are able to benefit within a few sessions.
Most students are able to carry between eight and twelve hours of credit per trimester.
Most students are able to complete the installation on their own.
Most students are able to complete the problem in less than eight hours.
Most students are able to complete the program in two semesters and one summer.
Most students are able to complete their course over a period of three months.
Most students are able to find reasonable accommodation, but flexibility is crucial.
Most students are able to find time in their schedules to do research during the academic year.
Most students are able to finish the degree in one year.
Most students are able to guess how it works.
Most students are able to handle very early on the real process of science.
Most students are able to install the software and connect to the network on their own.
Most students are able to locate jobs on campus regardless of financial eligibility.
Most students are able to park only a short distance from academic buildings or residence halls.
Most students are able to participate in physical education in the general curriculum.
Most students are able to reconcile the above problem but they use the wrong amounts in the reports.
Most students are able to see a counselor within a week.
Most students are able to spend a half or whole working day with that career professional.
Most students are able to successfully manage a job, classes, and extracurricular activities.
Most students are able to take internships for either elective or major course credit.
Most students are able to use word processing programs to cite their research sources.
Most students are accurate in identifying musical instruments as well as style.
Most students are active in research and scholarship while they are in graduate school.
Most students are adults.
Most students are amazed by the lightness and ease they experience during their first lesson.
Most students are appointed part-time assistants in instruction each year they are in residence.
Most students are as interested in learning from each other as in learning from faculty .
Most students are at least eligible to participate in the unsubsidized loan program.
Most students are aware of requirements of intellectual honesty and play by the rules of the game.
Most students are aware of societal and personal issues connected with sports.
Most students are aware of the amount of hours it can take to comply a research paper.
Most students are aware of the consequences of harmful drinking.
Most students are aware of the problem of theft, particularly bookbag theft, in the library.
Most students are away from home for the first time.
Most students are back from their weeklong breaks.
Most students are between kindergarten and eighth-grade, although there are a few younger ones.
Most students are black.
Most students are bored by the process and feel that their time is being wasted.
Most students are business people and their spouses.
Most students are capable of much greater learning than occurs in most classes.
Most students are certain that they know no one and have no network to define.
Most students are clueless about nutrition.
Most students are completely unfamiliar with the concept of field research.
Most students are concerned about how they're going to do.
Most students are content to plug their writing into the grammar and spelling check and let it go.
Most students are Czech.
Most students are determined to find the exact answer to a problem rather than estimating.
Most students are eager to begin post secondary planning by the time they reach their junior year.
Most students are eager to learn and grateful to have an American teacher and friend.
Most students are eligible for federal and private loans to finance their dental education.
Most students are eligible for federal student loans.
Most students are eligible for financial aid regardless of family financial circumstances.
Most students are eligible for financial aid to study abroad.
Most students are eligible for financial aid.
Most students are eligible for some financial aid regardless of family financial circumstances.
Most students are eligible for teaching fellowships and loans to help finance their studies.
Most students are eligible to open charge accounts with the bookstore.
Most students are eligible to purchase coverage under the new plan.
Most students are eligible.
Most students are engaged in activities.
Most students are English language learners and receive free or reduced-price lunch.
Most students are English majors, however, the program is open to any good writer.
Most students are extremely motivated for career-related reasons.
Most students are familiar with making documents in word.
Most students are familiar with patterns that involve repitition and balance.
Most students are familiar with the concept of home court advantage in college basketball.
Most students are familiar with the cool gust of air from a thunderstorm before and during rainfall.
Most students are familiar with the Olympic flag.
Most students are far from worried about a negative impact from the change.
Most students are fast asleep in the dorms.
Most students are first time Internet users with some computer experience.
Most students are fluent in English.
Most students are foreigners.
Most students are freshmen majoring chemical, engineering and medical sciences.
Most students are from abroad, and come from different backgrounds.
Most students are from Georgia.
Most students are from Hispanic cultures.
Most students are from North Carolina.
Most students are from Ohio.
Most students are from the first generation in their family or neighborhood to attend a university.
Most students are full time, but it is possible to do the course part time if desired.
Most students are full-time professionals in major Hungarian companies.
Most students are full-time.
Most students are generally inquisitive of the unknown.
Most students are good about removing documents.
Most students are high school graduates with jobs, who hope to improve their job skills.
Most students are honest and hard working.
Most students are honest and only resort to cheating when they get desperate.
Most students are hundreds, even thousands of miles from their normal support group.
Most students are in class mornings and early afternoons.
Most students are in counseling for a short time, some a longer period.
Most students are in favor of increasing awareness about recycling on campus.
Most students are in single rooms.
Most students are in their mid to late twenties.
Most students are in their thirties, work full time and have families.
Most students are innocent.
Most students are interested first of all in the applications.
Most students are interested in summer internships.
Most students are interested in the opinions of others.
Most students are interim or gap year students taking time off between high school and college.
Most students are Japanese and a few students are another country of nationality.
Most students are juniors and seniors.
Most students are just too scared or unsure to say anything to the proper authorities.
Most students are keenly interested in knowing how to make ac- curate predictions.
Most students are less enthusiastic about mornings.
Most students are lucky to graduate knowing their home states.
Most students are mainly concerned with how long they have to wait to get a machine.
Most students are married or divorced and have children at various stages of development.
Most students are members of at least one of several student agricultural organizations.
Most students are mid-career professionals who have years of work experience.
Most students are mid-level professionals who have made steady progress in their chosen fields.
Most students are more or less honest and fully human.
Most students are more than willing to enjoy a class rather than just endure it.
Most students are neither below nor above national academic standards.
Most students are neither bully nor victim.
Most students are nervous going into the interview, but come out of the interview very relieved.
Most students are never too sick to take an exam and never consider copying anyone else's work.
Most students are new to tertiary study and nearly all are new to distance education.
Most students are newspaper reporters or entertainment editors.
Most students are no-nonsense when it comes to crime and punishment.
Most students are of typical high school age.
Most students are older and live on campus with their families.
Most students are on a quest, a journey, a spiritual path.
Most students are on some type of financial aid.
Most students are on studentserv.lynchburg.edu.
Most students are on the Bishop Plan.
Most students are only concerned with the material that is directly related to what they experience.
Most students are only homesick for a few days.
Most students are only on the Web part time.
Most students are painfully aware that there is a price on everything at school.
Most students are part-time and complete the degree in three to four years.
Most students are part-time and most courses are offered in the evening or on weekends.
Most students are part-time, nontraditional students who are employed in related fields.
Most students are passive.
Most students are pig tail monkeys captured from the forest.
Most students are pleased with the result.
Most students are poor.
Most students are positive, however a few are very resistant.
Most students are pre-med, with many being biology and chemistry majors.
Most students are pretty understanding and can handle a delay.
Most students are probably already familiar with the term.
Most students are professionals established in a career.
Most students are promiscuous and interested in sexual conquest.
Most students are properly immunized and simply have forgotten to send in their records.
Most students are punctual and eager to start the school day.
Most students are quite comfortable with the lab equipment.
Most students are reasonable and understand the system works a certain way.
Most students are responsible.
Most students are retired individuals looking for a way to keep active and social.
Most students are scrupulously honest.
Most students are self-funded while a few are sponsored by employers.
Most students are self-funded.
Most students are significantly above that score.
Most students are southerners from Presbyterian or Episcopalian churches.
Most students are successful and very pleased with themselves.
Most students are successful at acquiring knowledge, make good judgments, and being good citizens.
Most students are successful in obtaining employment in their field of study.
Most students are surprised at how intense and negative they can be.
Most students are surprised by how warm they feel in a wetsuit and booties.
Most students are surprised to find that they like statistics.
Most students are the same way.
Most students are then able to join literature groups.
Most students are traditional college age, attend full-time and are Ohio residents.
Most students are trained in methods.
Most students are trained in sample techniques.
Most students are trained in techniques.
Most students are unable to maintain regular employment during enrollment in the curriculum .
Most students are unable to maintain regular employment during enrollment in the program.
Most students are unable, from activities alone, to acquire core knowledge and skills.
Most students are unaware of the multiplicity of style manuals and are baffled by choices.
Most students are unaware of the similarity between reading and watching a movie.
Most students are undoubtedly honest, although all students are aware when cheating is possible.
Most students are uninformed about the initiative or feel that it is ill-advised.
Most students are unlikely to find themselves in a similar living situation after graduation.
Most students are very anxious during their first encounter with the surf zone.
Most students are very comfortable using print materials to learn.
Most students are very focused on getting acclimated to the social community within the school.
Most students are very motivated in a work setting because they are learning to work.
Most students are very unaware of issues of hunger.
Most students are very uncomfortable with a sudden hush.
Most students are well-acquainted with writings up and down the margins of their papers.
Most students are within walking distance of school or their family provides transportation.
Most students are young.
Most students are, too.
Most students arrange to include actual international travel in the international internship.
Most students arrive at college with a grab-bag of rules that they try their best to adhere to.
Most students arrive at doors.
Most students arrive on campus with no investment experience.
Most students ask counselors or librarians at their school to serve as a proctor.
Most students ask instructors.
Most students ask physiology instructors.
Most students aspire to work in some level of management.
Most students assemble their thesis with a word-processing program.
Most students assist organizations.
Most students assist researchers.
Most students assist students.
Most students attain a bachelor's degree before entering dental school.
Most students attempt national examinations in the latter part of their junior year.
Most students attempt to work into their projects special avocational or professional interests.
Most students attend a singing song to acquire basic mechanical skills.
Most students attend abbreviated programs in the summer.
Most students attend american universities.
Most students attend class most of the time.
Most students attend class on a weekly basis.
Most students attend classes with other students after two years.
Most students attend college with no intention to accrue debt.
Most students attend colleges.
Most students attend for a half-day session every school day.
Most students attend full-time.
Most students attend grades.
Most students attend graduate school part time with assistance from their place of employment.
Most students attend graduate schools.
Most students attend high school half the day and take college courses the other half.
Most students attend middle schools.
Most students attend on a part-time basis.
Most students attend one summer.
Most students attend part-time.
Most students attend private colleges.
Most students attend school with other students like themselves.
Most students attend schools.
Most students attend seminar-type classes and write more term papers than they take exams.
Most students attend seven periods per day.
Most students attend the party and stay.
Most students attend three to four lecture courses a week.
Most students attend universities.
Most students attending area Christian colleges are firmly rooted in their school's founding faith.
Most students attending college today rely on a mix of financial resources.
Most students attending hotel schools have no such opportunity.
Most students attending night classes are older, with daytime jobs.
Most students avoid either starting in the hole or sacrificing points already earned.
Most students balk at the request for up to eight letters of recommendation.
Most students become active learners.
Most students become active members of at least one organization or club.
Most students become information.
Most students become learners.
Most students become Massachusetts residents after the first year.
Most students become members while registered in undergraduate seminar.
Most students become members.
Most students become programmers, systems analysts, etc.
Most students become teachers in secondary schools or in colleges of further or higher education.
Most students begin applications.
Most students begin by signing on to the mailing list .
Most students begin clinical training the very first semester of school.
Most students begin co-op after a full year of study.
Most students begin co-op in the fall or winter quarter of their sophomore year.
Most students begin experiments.
Most students begin graduate study with two courses in hearing disorders.
Most students begin in the fourth grade.
Most students begin investigations.
Most students begin mathematics with the study of calculus.
Most students begin practical applications.
Most students begin research in the spring semester of their junior year.
Most students begin the emphasis courses in the second semester of their junior year.
Most students begin the Ph.D. program in the fall.
Most students begin the program as juniors.
Most students begin the program as sophomores or juniors.
Most students begin the program in the fall of the year.
Most students begin their postsecondary education at two-year colleges.
Most students begin their professional careers immediately after graduation.
Most students begin their thesis research at the begining of their second year.
Most students begin their working careers immediately after graduation.
Most students begin to patronize grocery stores regularly during their college years.
Most students begin working immediately, there is a couple that approach the teacher to talk.
Most students believe that they have thesis statements in their papers.
Most students believe that time is important.
Most students believe their ability and effort are the main reasons for school achievement.
Most students benefit educationally and socially from an on-campus living experience.
Most students benefit from a consistent piano practice time.
Most students benefit from a lighter load the first quarter while they adjust to the quarter system.
Most students benefit from direct instruction in particular spelling strategies.
Most students benefit from short-term counseling.
Most students benefit from support treatments provided in regular school settings.
Most students benefit from working closely with other students on an assignment.
Most students benefit from writing notes.
Most students benefit significantly by having such a road map to their future.
Most students best learn stats by doing it.
Most students bike to class and events while leaving their car behind.
Most students blossom only when they are in.
Most students borrow from a variety of loan programs to finance their medical education.
Most students borrow heavily and many graduate with extreme debt loads.
Most students bring approaches.
Most students bring different approaches.
Most students bring in a recorded example, or a video clip to share with the class.
Most students bring lunch from home the rest of the week.
Most students bring seasonal clothing because of limited closet space.
Most students bring too many dressy clothes.
Most students build circuits.
Most students build electrical circuits.
Most students build simple circuits.
Most students build simple series circuits.
Most students bunk the beds to converve space.
Most students buy a termly or yearly ticket to use the bus service.
Most students buy one or two at a time, and complete four courses a year.
Most students buy their own outfits.
Most students call ahead to confirm an appointment time.
Most students can and want to interact using the Internet.
Most students can apply their skills to their courses within a few weeks.
Most students can be successful if they know what preparation is required.
Most students can begin a program in a fall, spring, or summer semester.
Most students can begin woodwind and brass instrument instruction at about the age of nine.
Most students can benefit from a course-related library lecture taught by one of the librarians.
Most students can benefit from seeing a counsellor at some point in their university experience.
Most students can benefit from supportive treatments provided in regular programs.
Most students can complete a degree in four years.
Most students can complete the program in approximately two years.
Most students can complete the program in five years or less.
Most students can concentrate better and study harder if they have set up an immediate reward.
Most students can consider becoming skilled trained for effective lay leadership.
Most students can develop each intelligence to a minimum competence level.
Most students can discover effective learning strategies on their own.
Most students can do activities.
Most students can do it themselves.
Most students can 'do the math' once they have the equation.
Most students can earn a Master's Degree in Statistics or Operations Research in one or two years.
Most students can easily conquer any problems with mechanical skills in a few weeks.
Most students can enter professional-career work using their computer skills in just three months.
Most students can expect to add a semester to the program to meet student teaching requirements.
Most students can expect to receive student loans as part of, or as the only source of, assistance.
Most students can expect to receive very similar aid to what they had in the past.
Most students can expect to study out of class for a time about equal to that spent in class.
Most students can finish their degree programs in approximately two years.
Most students can get more done in a shorter time at the library.
Most students can go at least a bar further than they think.
Most students can have demonstrations.
Most students can have ideas.
Most students can have their illness properly diagnosed, and controlled by medication.
Most students can learn to cope with normal stress.
Most students can make an accurate assessment of their participation as well.
Most students can make measurements using tools, rulers, thermometers, containers, and balances.
Most students can make up their credits at some point during their academic program.
Most students can manage for twenty to thirty minutes, with various levels of success.
Most students can meet all certificate requirements in less than two years.
Most students can print out the materials if they wish.
Most students can qualify for enough aid to pay for all of their tuition expenses.
Most students can qualify for some type of aid, often from more than one source.
Most students can see that mathematics is an accessible language after all.
Most students can tell the difference by the sound of the shutter.
Most students can use objects to some degree Develop skills.
Most students can use support in getting and staying organized.
Most students can work on their own, but parents often help out the younger ones.
Most students can work problems with enough outside help but that is useless on a test.
Most students care a lot about doing well on assigned speeches.
Most students care deeply about how they are perceived by their parents.
Most students care little about adult fashion.
Most students carpool into town, to the metro or into Baltimore.
Most students carry backpacks or briefcases.
Most students carry out activities.
Most students carry out experiments.
Most students carry out investigations.
Most students carry out repeat experiments.
Most students carry out scientific investigations.
Most students carry their books in a book bag or knapsack.
Most students challenge each other to rise above that type of behavior.
Most students change majors at least once.
Most students change their major at least once during their academic careers.
Most students change their major at least once while in college.
Most students change their major at least once.
Most students change their majors several times before they finally decide.
Most students change their minds from their second to third year.
Most students choose a faculty advisor by the end of their first semester.
Most students choose a faculty member.
Most students choose a faculty mentor by the end of the first semester.
Most students choose activities.
Most students choose answers.
Most students choose creative activities.
Most students choose double occupancy housing.
Most students choose extended-term courses.
Most students choose from numerous job offers.
Most students choose off-campus locations.
Most students choose one field of study without writing a thesis.
Most students choose options.
Most students choose shared houses or apartments.
Most students choose the nonthesis option, understandably.
Most students choose the non-thesis option.
Most students choose the one year course.
Most students choose the peer testing and counseling program.
Most students choose their major at the end of the freshman year.
Most students choose to adopt responsible and safe drinking behaviors.
Most students choose to attend the graduation ceremony.
Most students choose to balance their elective coursework by selecting electives in both categories.
Most students choose to be at school much longer.
Most students choose to be seen on a drop in basis.
Most students choose to begin their chemistry during their freshman year.
Most students choose to bring additional lights for their rooms.
Most students choose to complete a business minor.
Most students choose to complete a second certification in elementary teacher education.
Most students choose to complete the program in two academic years.
Most students choose to create a poster displaying the results of their work.
Most students choose to do a study on the effects of exercise in humans.
Most students choose to do outrageous things in order to identify themselves to their parents.
Most students choose to do their course work and project work concurrently.
Most students choose to earn a PhD degree.
Most students choose to earn three credits for their internship in one semester.
Most students choose to fill it out.
Most students choose to go overseas for one semester, but a few go for the full academic year.
Most students choose to graduate in person.
Most students choose to have a member of their thesis committee also serve as their advisor.
Most students choose to live in rented rooms or small apartments.
Most students choose to live in the dormitories.
Most students choose to live nearby.
Most students choose to live off campus during their final two years.
Most students choose to live off campus.
Most students choose to live off-campus.
Most students choose to major in Biology.
Most students choose to major in chemistry, mathematics, environmental science or biology.
Most students choose to participate during the summer following their freshman year.
Most students choose to participate for the full year or the fall semester only.
Most students choose to participate in a structured educational or exchange immersion program.
Most students choose to participate in the on-Grounds recruiting cycle, of course.
Most students choose to pay the contribution as a tax on their income when employment is secured.
Most students choose to review the sociological literature on a particular topic.
Most students choose to share off-campus apartments or flats in the university neighborhood.
Most students choose to stay with a host family.
Most students choose to stay with friends in DC or at less expensive hotels.
Most students choose to study two degrees simultaneously, taking five to six years.
Most students choose to take a second policy research project.
Most students choose to take an elective in their content area.
Most students choose to take two foreign languages each year in the upper school.
Most students choose to travel one weekend to Rome.
Most students choose to work on campus and others take advantage of off-campus work opportunities.
Most students choose to work, to help offset their tuition cost.
Most students choose topics.
Most students collect information.
Most students collect samples.
Most students combine elements of both options.
Most students combine the part-time course with paid employment.
Most students come by bus or train.
Most students come daily for the entire year.
Most students come down in the middle somewhere, which is fine.
Most students come every week because they are having such a good time with their new friends.
Most students come from allied health or nursing backgrounds.
Most students come from Asia, and they are studying here to enter a high school or university.
Most students come from China, Korea, Pakistan, Japan, Romania and Kazakhstan.
Most students come from dual income families.
Most students come from East Asia, but students have also come from countries all around the world.
Most students come from families.
Most students come from former Communist states.
Most students come from households.
Most students come from income households.
Most students come from low to medium economic families.
Most students come from middle income, working class families who live in the immediate area.
Most students come from regions.
Most students come from the state of Vermont.
Most students come in their junior year, play catch up and can finish at their home school.
Most students come in to hang out, dance, shoot darts, rather than drink.
Most students come in, buy something and stay for a few hours - they're patrons too.
Most students come into offices.
Most students come into the program with no experience and do very well.
Most students come out o high school with a semi-clear idea of what they want to major in.
Most students come straight from high school.
Most students come to appreciate the convent as a respite from noise pollution.
Most students come to class with a reasonably good start on the day's material.
Most students come to college a bit shy and intimidated.
Most students come to college to develop their potential.
Most students come to conclusions.
Most students come to own conclusions.
Most students come to school knowing the rudiments of language.
Most students come to study, find a job, earn money, and support their families.
Most students come to the department to study at post-graduate level.
Most students come to the trading room to trade before they start out on their own.
Most students come to the training class with little or no computer knowledge.
Most students come to UK to build up their minds with knowledge.
Most students come with their own games.
Most students comfortably settle on one major by their junior year.
Most students coming in are more computer literate than they used to be.
Most students coming out of school today possess better writing skills than their supervisors.
Most students commence the program with some general ideas about research topics.
Most students commute by car pools.
Most students commute to campus from local communities.
Most students commute to school via car pools.
Most students compare results.
Most students compile information.
Most students complete a double major within two and half to three years.
Most students complete a level after two sessions.
Most students complete a minimum of two terms on co-op assignment.
Most students complete a Ph.D. in four to six years.
Most students complete activities.
Most students complete all of their homework before leaving.
Most students complete all requirements for a recommendation for licensure within one to two years.
Most students complete an independent study project during the semester.
Most students complete an internship before graduating.
Most students complete analyses.
Most students complete and defend their dissertations by the end of their fifth year of study.
Most students complete and defend their thesis by the end of their fifth year.
Most students complete and return their homework each day.
Most students complete books.
Most students complete both internships before or during their junior year.
Most students complete both MD and PhD degrees in eight years or less.
Most students complete certification requirements in their chosen area.
Most students complete course work to obtain flight instructor certification as well.
Most students complete degrees in human exercise science, psychology, or biology.
Most students complete diagrams.
Most students complete each response in two hours or less.
Most students complete experiments.
Most students complete garden designs.
Most students complete internships with local businesses.
Most students complete it in less than two hours.
Most students complete it in one hour or less.
Most students complete lab experiments.
Most students complete many of the support courses first.
Most students complete minor requirements.
Most students complete observations.
Most students complete one level per session.
Most students complete our program in two semesters.
Most students complete simple tasks.
Most students complete tasks.
Most students complete tests.
Most students complete the courses listed below.
Most students complete the coursework in a relatively short time.
Most students complete the degree and dissertation requirements in four to five years.
Most students complete the degree in four semesters.
Most students complete the degree in two years.
Most students complete the degree program in about two calendar years.
Most students complete the degree within two years.
Most students complete the dissertation in the fifth year.
Most students complete the full-time program in two years.
Most students complete the internship during the summer between their first and second years.
Most students complete the internship during the summer between their junior and senior years.
Most students complete the internship within a health care institution.
Most students complete the master's degree requirements in about two years.
Most students complete the Ph.D. degree in the fifth year.
Most students complete the Ph.D. in approximately five years.
Most students complete the Ph.D. in four to five years.
Most students complete the Ph.D. program in chemistry within five years.
Most students complete the Ph.D., degree in three to five years.
Most students complete the practicum requirement through summer employment.
Most students complete the program after four or five years of study.
Most students complete the program as a general rather than a specialized degree.
Most students complete the program by attending full-time for two academic years, excluding summers.
Most students complete the program in approximately two part-time years.
Most students complete the program in five and a half years or less.
Most students complete the program in five full-time semesters.
Most students complete the program in five years.
Most students complete the program in four semesters.
Most students complete the program in four sentences and one summer session.
Most students complete the program in four to five years.
Most students complete the program in four years.
Most students complete the program in one to one and one half years.
Most students complete the program in one year.
Most students complete the program in three years.
Most students complete the program in twelve to fifteen weeks.
Most students complete the program in two academic years and one summer session.
Most students complete the program in two and a half years in the evenings.
Most students complete the program in two semesters and a summer session.
Most students complete the program in two semesters.
Most students complete the program in two to four semesters.
Most students complete the program in two to three years.
Most students complete the program with a media internship.
Most students complete the program within a two-year time frame.
Most students complete the requirement by the end of freshman year.
Most students complete the residency requirement over several summers.
Most students complete the test in the Fall Semester of their sophomore year.
Most students complete the test under two hours.
Most students complete the test within an hour.
Most students complete the work for the Ph.D. in five to six years.
Most students complete their course and didactic requirements within the first year of study.
Most students complete their courses at the end of the semester.
Most students complete their coursework during their first two years in the program.
Most students complete their degree in a two-three year time period.
Most students complete their degree in two to four years of part-time enrollment.
Most students complete their dissertations in a timely fashion.
Most students complete their English requirements in a semester.
Most students complete their full-time study in two years.
Most students complete their general education courses during their first two years.
Most students complete their masters degree in two years, by taking two courses per semester.
Most students complete their MQP during their senior year while taking regular classes.
Most students complete their Ph.D. program in three to four years.
Most students complete their Ph.D. training in four to five years.
Most students complete their practicum during their senior year.
Most students complete their practicum experience during the second semester of their first year.
Most students complete their program of study in three years.
Most students complete their programs in two academic year and two summer sessions.
Most students complete their work from home with their own computers and online accounts.
Most students complete two classes a semester, often including summer semester.
Most students complete two or three internships in their field before graduating.
Most students completely overestimate their ability to eat the pretzels in a minute.
Most students completing our program go directly into the job market.
Most students completing the degree intend to teach at the college or university level.
Most students completing the program enter graduate or professional school.
Most students concentrate in one of two fundamental branches of philosophy.
Most students conduct experiments.
Most students conduct investigations.
Most students confidently utilize a limited range of learning technologies.
Most students consider grant and loan applications first.
Most students consider options.
Most students consider themselves politically moderate.
Most students consistently excel in basic reading and writing skills.
Most students consume drinks.
Most students consume energy drinks.
Most students contemplating career choices make use of occupational employment projections.
Most students continue their education in graduate and professional schools.
Most students continue to see an advisor at least once a year.
Most students continue to study in their undergraduate major field.
Most students continue to the Ph.D. or professional programs.
Most students continue with an honors curriculum in various departments and colleges.
Most students cope adequately with stresses, at least without becoming overwhelmed.
Most students cover topics.
Most students create awareness.
Most students create balance meals.
Most students create daily schedules.
Most students create eat habits.
Most students create habits.
Most students create meals.
Most students create schedules.
Most students create stories.
Most students currently take five years to complete their secondary education.
Most students decide that college is the initiation process, their induction into the system.
Most students decide they are tough enough after one time through the above.
Most students decide to select a major from one of the established academic areas.
Most students decide to submit an application for tertiary study.
Most students decide what to study on the basis of what fits in their schedules and what looks easy.
Most students declare a college major during their sophomore year.
Most students declare a major by the end of their sophomore year.
Most students declare their choice during their sophomore year or early in the junior year.
Most students dedicate at least one month to concentrated review prior to taking the exam.
Most students demonstrate effectiveness.
Most students demonstrate exceptional talent.
Most students demonstrate talent.
Most students depend on loans to finance their education.
Most students describe basic differences.
Most students describe characters.
Most students describe differences.
Most students describe functions.
Most students describe investigations.
Most students describe necessary steps.
Most students describe steps.
Most students describe trends.
Most students desire the fact that someone is interested in what they are doing.
Most students determine behavior.
Most students determine problems.
Most students determine sources.
Most students develop a personal action plan as an outcome of the class.
Most students develop ability.
Most students develop affection.
Most students develop answers.
Most students develop close mentoring relationships with faculty in their major area of study.
Most students develop concepts.
Most students develop intellectual skills.
Most students develop powerful strategies.
Most students develop senses.
Most students develop skills.
Most students develop social skills.
Most students develop sophisticate strategies.
Most students develop strategies.
Most students develop the habit of taking notes while they listen.
Most students directly enter the communications job market.
Most students disagree.
Most students discover basic principles.
Most students discover differences.
Most students discover principles.
Most students discover science.
Most students discuss classifications.
Most students discuss factors.
Most students discuss notebooks.
Most students display behavior.
Most students display knowledge.
Most students display unusual behavior.
Most students do a one year research project with a faculty member.
Most students do activities.
Most students do an internship in the summer between their first and second years.
Most students do best in conventional courses.
Most students do choose to be in a group at some time.
Most students do cooperative activities.
Most students do experiments.
Most students do flower in that year, and come back very different.
Most students do get some sort of financial aid after arrival within a semester or two.
Most students do have an obsessive or compulsive style to their personality.
Most students do have Internet access as do nearly all university students-access computer labs.
Most students do have some professional experience.
Most students do How to stories, personality profiles, and problematic articles.
Most students do internships during the summer quarter.
Most students do internships during the summer.
Most students do know that a triangle can have only one right angle.
Most students do manual exposure to avoid the training time associated with the alignment tool.
Most students do more than one Co-op.
Most students do more than the minimum in at least one CORE area.
Most students do much of their traveling during the week-ends.
Most students do our course by correspondence.
Most students do paper.
Most students do perform but it's optional.
Most students do presentation.
Most students do problems.
Most students do projects during the summer after first year.
Most students do research paper.
Most students do return the booklets, although some are lost in the process.
Most students do science experiments.
Most students do science.
Most students do take a full load of courses because that's the easiest way to learn the material.
Most students do take out student loans.
Most students do tests.
Most students do the work in a month.
Most students do their internships in their junior or senior years.
Most students do their summer field work after the third and fourth years.
Most students do their teaching in their second or third year.
Most students do their work honestly and carefully, and never run into problems with plagiarism.
Most students do too many different problems of one type.
Most students DO use the invitation to sign on the schedules.
Most students do well enough to attend college, either in NM or out of state.
Most students do well to form a study group to quiz each other over factual material.
Most students do work.
Most students do.
Most students don t eat there because school lunches are so costly.
Most students don t have to wait until they graduate to be introduced to the working world.
Most students don t know the difference between a lecturer and a professor.
Most students don t like to write essays.
Most students double their reading speed in the first few days.
Most students draw conclusions.
Most students draw initial conclusions.
Most students draw logical conclusions.
Most students draw pictures.
Most students dress casually for classes.
Most students dress casually.
Most students dress in comfortable and casual clothing.
Most students dress very informally on campus.
Most students drink water.
Most students drink while away at college, and one out of every three drink just to get drunk.
Most students drive their own car to campus.
Most students drop out before then.
Most students earn a baccalaureate degree in a specific area.
Most students earn a bachelor's degree before being admitted to schools of optometry.
Most students earn academic credit for their participation.
Most students earn academic credit for their research activities.
Most students earn both MD and PhD degrees in about eight years.
Most students earn course credit for their internships.
Most students earn credit for a full course load.
Most students earn the doctoral degree in three and one-half to four years.
Most students earn the minimum wage and work eight to twelve hours per week.
Most students earn the same grades at their engineering schools as they did at North Central.
Most students earn their grade fairly.
Most students eat beans.
Most students eat breakfasts.
Most students eat food.
Most students eat healthful food.
Most students eat meat.
Most students eat out at least once a day either on campus or in neighborhood restaurants.
Most students elect a major from one of the biological or physical sciences.
Most students elect to defend course portfolios for the exit examination.
Most students elect to do the SIP in biology.
Most students elect to have a fifth copy made for their own retention.
Most students elect to solve a problem directly related to their work.
Most students elect to take four years of science, even though the requirement is only three years.
Most students elect to work in their area of study.
Most students encounter in problems.
Most students end up getting more like twenty lessons or fewer.
Most students engage in activities.
Most students enjoy a challenge.
Most students enjoy and do well working in groups.
Most students enjoy basic division facts.
Most students enjoy basic facts.
Most students enjoy breaks.
Most students enjoy facts.
Most students enjoy finding mail in their campus mailboxes for a change.
Most students enjoy it immensely.
Most students enjoy the bareback ride, because it is fun.
Most students enjoy the cohort format.
Most students enjoy the convenience of a small desktop ink-jet printer.
Most students enjoy the convenience of having their own computer in their room.
Most students enjoy the hands-on activities and relish the large amount of laboratory time.
Most students enjoy the laboratory portion of chemistry.
Most students enjoy the opportunity to introduce their families and friends.
Most students enjoy the web.
Most students enjoy working and receive personal fulfillment from employment.
Most students enrol for one or two courses at a time.
Most students enrol with one department to follow a degree in a specific subject, eg.
Most students enroll because they want to make some kind of difference in society.
Most students enroll for both semesters.
Most students enroll for one session per week, but it is possible to enroll for additional sessions.
Most students enroll for six credit hours.
Most students enroll for three credits of cooperative education.
Most students enroll in a traditional full-time program during the regular session.
Most students enroll in more.
Most students enroll in one or two courses at a time.
Most students enroll in one or two courses per term.
Most students enroll in the regular full-time program, which can be completed in two academic years.
Most students enroll in their first or second choice of clinic.
Most students enroll in twelve credit hours during the fall and spring semesters.
Most students enroll in two hours for fall semester and two hours for spring semester.
Most students enroll part-time, integrating study with work and family lives.
Most students enroll with non-credit status.
Most students enter after four years of undergraduate study.
Most students enter American graduate schools and end up in Silicon Valley.
Most students enter an engineering program in college.
Most students enter as ninth graders.
Most students enter business school with a specific career field or discipline in mind.
Most students enter college equating mathematics with high school algebra or geometry.
Most students enter colleges.
Most students enter dental school after completion of a four-year baccalaureate degree.
Most students enter grade levels.
Most students enter in kindergarten or grade one and continue through graduation from high school.
Most students enter in the fall semester and some course sequences assume a fall starting date.
Most students enter in the fall term, with financial aid awarded for the full academic year.
Most students enter law school with little experience with uncertainty.
Most students enter levels.
Most students enter optometry school after they have earned at least a bachelor's degree.
Most students enter our courses direct.
Most students enter positions directly after graduating.
Most students enter school eager to learn and to succeed.
Most students enter schools.
Most students enter the college with a baccalaureate degree.
Most students enter the doctoral program after completing a master's degree.
Most students enter the doctoral program after earning a master's degree.
Most students enter the nursing major as first semester sophomores.
Most students enter the Ph.D. program with the bachelor's degree.
Most students enter the PhD programs directly from college.
Most students enter the program as freshmen, but some are admitted as sophomores.
Most students enter the program in their junior year and work three or four times before graduating.
Most students enter the program with a bachelor's degree.
Most students enter the school by the main doors.
Most students enter the U.S. and never have to worry about falling out of status.
Most students enter the workforce upon graduation.
Most students enter their first year of college expecting to graduate within four or five years.
Most students enter their fourth year short a recommendation or two.
Most students entering as a senior can complete the program in six months.
Most students entering college have yet to learn how to learn.
Most students entering college know something about using libraries.
Most students entering medical or dental schools do so after earning an undergraduate degree.
Most students entering university are unfamiliar with philosophy.
Most students establish patterns.
Most students estimate the slope as being much steeper than it really is.
Most students eventually experience some type of difficulty in academic work.
Most students examine cases.
Most students examine complicate cases.
Most students examine facts.
Most students examine pictures.
Most students examine the evolution and latest developments in new media law.
Most students examine theories.
Most students examine types.
Most students exhibit interest.
Most students expect their academic studies to lead to specific careers upon graduation.
Most students expect to do better on average.
Most students expect to do their final project on some topic related to their summer work.
Most students expect to work after college graduation.
Most students expend considerable time and effort to understand the material.
Most students experience anxiety about taking university courses.
Most students experience at least one personal emergency during the semester.
Most students experience at least one urban placement during student teaching.
Most students experience brief periods of homesickness.
Most students experience cold climates.
Most students experience difficulty and confusion when trying to learn from instruction books.
Most students experience energy.
Most students experience few difficulties during their time at Bradford.
Most students experience great joy at the thought of abandoning textbooks, term papers, and exams.
Most students experience lots of pressure at college.
Most students experience problems.
Most students experience significant changes in their lives while in college.
Most students experience significant problems.
Most students experience some level of anxiety during an exam.
Most students experience some type of test anxiety during their college career.
Most students explain strategies.
Most students explore activities.
Most students explore concepts.
Most students explore conditions.
Most students explore earth science.
Most students explore factors.
Most students explore human impact.
Most students explore impact.
Most students explore science.
Most students explore strength.
Most students explore ways.
Most students express a wish to be more efficient in their studies.
Most students express concern.
Most students express empathy for victims of mass murder.
Most students express feelings of confusion when preparing for tests.
Most students express interest.
Most students express knowledge.
Most students face dangerous road conditions every day.
Most students face difficulty.
Most students face major academic challenges during their college experiences.
Most students face slumps now and again as they grow older.
Most students fail the exam.
Most students fail to develop that level of concentration.
Most students fail to research the loans before signing on the dotted line.
Most students fear being caught and exposed for the fraudulent fakers that they actually are.
Most students feel a little anxious the first time they see a counselor.
Most students feel a sense of belonging here.
Most students feel at home here very quickly and find it easy to make friends and socialise.
Most students feel at least slightly anxious about an oral exam.
Most students feel it is unfair to have no time to study.
