Many items can suffer when exposed to extreme heat or cold.
Many items carry a warranty from the manufacturer.
Many items carry local histories.
Many items cause a foreign body reaction when placed in the human body.
Many items challenge common ideas of what defines a book.
Many items change daily.
Many items come directly from New England homes.
Many items come from solving puzzles but many puzzles allow partial solutions.
Many items come from the classical buildings of Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Many items come well packaged in large boxes.
Many items come with adjusting bolts or nuts to allow it to be fitted.
Many items come with lots of accessories and peripherals.
Many items come with the sentiments expressed on a small card tucked inside the box.
Many items contain abstracts.
Many items contribute to indoor air pollution.
Many items cost less when ordered in bulk.
Many items depend on local markets.
Many items directly relate to Alaska.
Many items discussed have samples shown on the same page.
Many items feature Czech sayings and the dancing or kissing Czech couple.
Many items feature traditional floral designs reflecting the natural world.
Many items featured for sale are authentic Western products hand crafted in Kansas.
Many items found in the database are unavailable from other sources.
Many items go beyond traditional utility products.
Many items have a longer manufacturers warranty, details are included with each item.
Many items have a Western flavor.
Many items have an interpretive meaning which are different to their face value.
Many items have brief annotations .
Many items have countless applications.
Many items have deadlines.
Many items have hyperlinks to further information.
Many items have notes by the donor attached.
Many items have one or more secondary classifications.
Many items have organizations as authors.
Many items have pics available by clicking the links in their descriptions.
Many items have quantity discount schedules.
Many items have yet to be inventoried in any form.
Many items held by a library are available for loan.
Many items here are hand made and one of a kind.
Many items hold magic properties.
Many items including the shirts bears the Oil City name and oil derrick logo.
Many items indexed are in languages other than English.
Many items licensed for production by commercial vendors display the university name.
Many items listed are incomplete, cannibalized or broken.
Many items listed below are in pdf format.
Many items look suspiciously like indoor plants back home ficus, gardenias and palms, for example.
Many items lose their appeal to consumers over time, yet they still occupy a large high volume slot.
Many items make excellent gifts because of their unusualness.
Many items make great gifts for expecting parents.
Many items make ideal gifts for that special friend or family member.
Many items needed to sustain combat operations are in short supply.
Many items offered are in limited quantity and subject to prior sale.
Many items overlap with the JBAC workplan.
Many items reasonably fit in several categories.
Many items receive heavy demand even though they are in limited supply.
Many items remain hot for quite some time after they ve been used.
Many items requested are here within a week.
Many items require a serial number .
Many items require painting after repair or rebuilding.
Many items require special finishing for appearance or markings.
Many items sell out early in the week.
Many items sell out quickly.
Many items shown are available in other colors.
Many items shown in photographs are options.
Many items sold in the commissaries are subject to state and local sales taxes.
Many items still remain to be verified with their manufacturers as to functionality.
Many items suggest the Southwest as much as Mexico.
Many items take at least two weeks to arrive.
Many items take four to six weeks for delivery.
Many items take only one click to add to the shopping cart without typing in any information.
Many items use computers to function.
More items are being added all the time, so check back for updates.
More items are being added all the time, so check back soon to see what's new.
More items are being added all the time, so please check back often.
More items are being added daily, please check back often.
More items are in the View menu, fewer toolbar buttons.
More items are on the way.
More items are still to be added.
Most items usually arrive within two or three weeks.
Most item is one of a kind.
Most items also carry a manufacturer's warranty that covers a longer period of time.
Most items also have a context-sensitive link accessed by clicking the in the heading bar.
Most items also require a deposit in addition to the rent.
Most items appear in alphabetical order.
Most items are about setting policy or major decisions about services.
Most items are all in mint or near mint condition.
Most items are already available framed also and are in stock.
Most items are already over-packaged.
Most items are always in stock.
Most items are available and in stock.
Most items are available as packaged sets.
Most items are available as pills, capsules,or powder.
Most items are available at cycling shops or by mail order.
Most items are available at quantity discounts.
Most items are available for borrowing.
Most items are available for check out to teachers and college students.
Most items are available for checkout or for interlibrary loan.
Most items are available for circulation.
Most items are available for downloading in .pdf format.
Most items are available for free download.
Most items are available for immediate delivery.
Most items are available for immediate shipment.
Most items are available for immediate shipping.
Most items are available for in library use only.
Most items are available for loan, with the exception of reference texts and current journal issues.
Most items are available for loan.
Most items are available for next-day delivery.
Most items are available for pickup the next business day.
Most items are available for rent and are perfect fixtures for period theatre pieces.
Most items are available from stock.
Most items are available in a variety of materials of construction to suit the application.
Most items are available in all patterns.
Most items are available in black, navy or ivory.
Most items are available in both English and Spanish .
Most items are available in custom sizes.
Most items are available in either in flat black or a polished finish.
Most items are available in English or Metric.
Most items are available locally.
Most items are available on a regular basis.
Most items are available on loan to members.
Most items are available on request and free of charge.
Most items are available through mail order.
Most items are available to be borrowed.
Most items are available to download.
Most items are available to individuals as well.
Most items are available to other libraries via inter-library loan.
Most items are available to ship from our warehouses within one to four business days.
Most items are available to ship immediately.
Most items are available using our shopping cart.
Most items are available with either embroidery or silk screening.
Most items are available with or without diamonds.
Most items are available with price lists.
Most items are away from the shelf for about three weeks.
Most items are complimentary, but a few materials have a small cost recovery charge.
Most items are copies and printed matter, which reflect their apparent reference use.
Most items are copies and printed matter, which reflect their apparent use for reference.
Most items are cross-references.
Most items are current styles and leathers.
Most items are customizable and made to order.
Most items are customizable upon request.
Most items are decision-making items.
Most items are difficult to find.
Most items are dishwasher safe and carry an extended lifetime warranty.
Most items are downloadable.
Most items are dramatically below retail cost.
Most items are drop shipped from our suppliers.
Most items are easy to deal with, such as clothing, shoes, etc.
Most items are easy to find in a drugstore or in a camping and backpacking store.
Most items are either downloadable or viewable right online.
Most items are either office supplies or maintenance and repair items.
Most items are either originals or limited editions, individually signed and numbered by the artist.
Most items are fairly common and come in popular sizes.
Most items are fake Indian beads and feathers, shoddily made.
Most items are financial or business papers from the government for which Houston worked.
Most items are first editions of operas and libretti and several are in manuscript format.
Most items are first editions, many inscribed by their authors.
Most items are for loan but some, like theses, are for reference use only in the Library.
Most items are for loan, and there are reference copies of heavily-used material.
Most items are for sale at half the recommended retail price or less.
Most items are free , except when otherwise noted.
Most items are free.
Most items are full text.
Most items are full-text.
Most items are general household goods, furniture, electronics, clothing and personal records.
Most items are gold decorated with diamonds, rubies, pearls, emeralds and other precious stones.
Most items are government issue or made to government specification by the same manufacturer.
Most items are government issue or made to the government specification by the same manufacturer.
Most items are handcrafted and one of a kind making each a unique product.
Most items are handcrafted.
Most items are handmade and authentic.
Most items are handmade, and remain faithful to the Native American spirit and tradition.
Most items are handy in battle, others help increase feelings between party members.
Most items are hardware only.
Most items are hot linked to more information.
Most items are in book format, but electronic publishing projects are also being considered.
Most items are in good condition and operable.
Most items are in inventory for immediate delivery.
Most items are in mint condition and in their original boxes.
Most items are in mint condition.
MOST items are in near perfect condition and have been well taken care of.
Most items are in poster form.
Most items are in regular stock and delivery is prompt.
Most items are in sotck and can be shipped quickly.
Most items are in stock and available for immediate delivery or pick up at our store.
Most items are in stock and available for immediate shipment.
Most items are in stock and available.
Most items are in stock and can be shipped quickly.
Most items are in stock and can be shipped with overnight delivery to most major centers in Canada.
Most items are in stock and ready for delivery.
Most items are in stock and ready for immediate delivery.
Most items are in stock and ready for immediate shipment.
Most items are in stock and ready for next day delivery.
Most items are in stock and ready to go, every day.
Most items are in stock and ready to ship, or can be drop shipped direct from the manufacturer.
Most items are in stock and ship right away.
Most items are in stock and shipped immediately.
Most items are in stock and shipped in three working days.
Most items are in stock at all times.
Most items are in stock for immediate shipment.
Most items are in stock for quick order fulfillment.
Most items are in stock for same day shipment.
Most items are in stock ready for immediate shipment.
Most items are in stock.
Most items are in the form of gift certificates and are easily put in the mail.
Most items are in the process of being catalogued.
Most items are inexpensive by American standards.
Most items are in-stock for immediate shipment.
Most items are in-stock.
Most items are interactive and extend the museum experience through creativity and problem solving.
Most items are library use only, with one-hour loan periods.
Most items are loanable for a term.
Most items are mailable to foreign countries with certain restrictions.
Most items are mailable to foreign countries, however ther are restrictions that vary by country.
Most items are mailable to foreign countries.
Most items are negotiable for best offer.
Most items are new and still in the original box.
Most items are non-circulating.
Most items are now available by individual unit as well as by the case.
Most items are now available for order unless noted on the item page.
Most items are now available for ordering.
Most items are now available to order instantly from our on-line shop .
Most items are of a routine nature, and one receipt does look pretty much like another.
Most items are on a four-year replacement cycle.
Most items are on open access although some are available only to members.
Most items are on the auctioneer's block for less than a minute.
Most items are one of a kind.
Most Items are on-hand and available for immediate shipment.
Most items are open-access, published within the last fifteen years.
Most items are operas, other classical works, or jazz music.
Most items are photocopies, photoprints, or typed transcriptions.
Most items are provided free of charge, however some lending libraries do require fees.
Most Items are readily available.
Most items are ready to ship within one week after receipt of order.
Most items are relatively expensive, because most pieces are done by hand.
Most items are relatively inexpensive and some are discounted.
Most items are renewable except for videos and books that have a reserve list.
Most items are renewable once.
Most items are renewable one time, upon approval of the lending library.
Most items are renewable.
Most items are responses to invitations or acknowledgements of reprints.
Most items are returnable.
Most items are reversible.
Most items are secondhand.
Most items are self explanatory.
Most items are self-explanatory, except the mode.
Most items are self-explanatory.
Most items are specific to the real estate professional.
Most items are standard Chinese fare.
Most items are still available.
Most items are stock with lead times shown for specials.
Most items are suitable for hospital newsletters, bulletin boards, etc.
Most items are ten cents a day.
Most items are text documents with the opportunity to click to a graphic view only document.
Most items are the last one available.
Most items are the same.
Most items are unique and many are centuries old, fragile and irreplaceable.
Most items are unique, hand crafted, and some, one of a kind.
Most items are unique, one-off creations.
Most items are unique, with an outdoor theme.
Most items are unused.
Most items are up and running.
Most items are usually in stock.
Most items are very limited in quantity and are available only in the size and color shown.
Most items are Web-based or described online.
Most items arrive within a two week time period.
Most items arrive within a week.
Most items arrive within two to four weeks.
Most items below are cover price.
Most items can be business card holders.
Most items can be check out free of charge.
Most items can be custom engraved.
Most items can ship the same day they are ordered.
Most items carry our one year, five year or ten year guarantee of satisfaction.
Most items carry the manufacturer's original warranty.
Most items check out for four weeks.
Most items check out for one week.
Most Items circulate for a one week period.
Most items circulate for a three-week period.
Most items circulate for either two hours or forty-eight hours.
Most items circulate for four weeks.
Most items circulate for three weeks.
Most items circulate for two hours.
Most items circulate for two weeks.
Most items circulate in-house only for two hours.
Most items circulate twenty-eight days, best sellers and some new items circulate for ten days.
Most items come assembled, but a few require very limited assembly.
Most items come from government auctions.
Most items come from individuals and, less commonly, from local organisations.
Most items come from thrift stores or house sales.
Most items come in brilliant, new shades.
Most items come in velvet pouches, and are gift-boxed.
Most items come with free shipping to the Continental United States.
Most items come with point of sale material at no extra charge .
Most items come with sides of potatoes, toast or muffins.
Most items come with stories included that tell some of their history and significance.
Most items contain links out to more detailed information about each day's events.
Most items even offer a choice of stone color and gold color.
Most items feature the festival theme.
Most items featured in our catalogue are available to Canadian customers in any quantity.
Most items featured on the menu are French favorites.
Most items give details of the crime, and of the criminals' background and family life.
Most items go on sale at the beginning of the season they are used in, due to competition.
Most items have a lifetime guarantee.
Most items have a manufacturer's warranty which is passed directly to the customer.
Most items have a manufacturers warranty, which is passed directly to the customer.
Most items have a manufacturer's warranty, which is passed directly to the customer.
Most items have a one-week checkout time.
Most items have a paragraph extolling the virtues of the item.
Most items have a southwestern flair.
Most items have a special price for members.
Most items have a text description and a small photograph.
Most items have abstracts.
Most items have an additional sewn element integrated into the overall design.
Most items have gift plates attached, and many are marked with inventory numbers.
Most items have members' and non-members' prices, indicated by the buttons.
Most items have one-year warranty.
Most items have options such as size or color.
Most items have original prices listed.
Most items have pictures and are priced in the middle range when compared to other sites.
Most items have pictures available.
Most items have specific duty rates, which are determined by a number of factors.
Most items indexed are of a local or regional nature.
Most items involve frying of some kind.
Most items listed are within a one-hour drive of Calais.
Most items listed below are free.
Most items listed below are in .PDF format.
Most items listed never seem to get sold.
Most items listed online are in stock and thus available for immediate pickup or shipping.
Most items made from polyester can be dry-cleaned.
Most items normally ship the next business day.
Most items now have a summary or a review, many have a table of contents and a author's biography.
Most items occupy one square, but larger ones occupy more.
Most items offered are in stock for fast delivery and installation.
Most items produced are microwave, oven and dishwasher safe.
Most items purchased in metals cans have an oxidizer packet in the can to help retain quality.
Most items qualify.
Most items relate to annual and biennial meetings and conferences.
Most items relate to South Carolina.
Most items report data for five years.
Most items report data for six years.
Most items requested are pretty basic.
Most items require a minimum quantity purchase.
Most items require several thousand labels for purchase.
Most items require two full working days advance notice.
Most items retain their original colored covers.
Most items seen here are available onboard.
Most items selected are directly related to the law, legislation or legal subjects.
Most items sell for under a hundred dollars and are still easily accessible.
Most items sent are for information only.
Most items ship the same day.
Most items still carry the manufacturers warranty.
Most items take at least two weeks to arrive.
Most items take several weeks to complete.
Most items take the form of an officers report.
Most items there follow the basic instructions detailed below.
Most items treat the Middle Ages period.
Most items used are disposable.
Most items weigh less than the base weight and ship for the above amounts.
Some items actually work, and that's their value.
Some items also are available on our Web site.
Some items also are in videocassette format.
Some items also depend on how they're presented.
Some items also provide a Table of Contents record.
Some items appear here only as a convenience to our users.
Some items appear in more than one category.
Some items appear in more than one section.
Some items appear on more than one list.
Some items appear twice.
Some items are a little pricier.
Some items are a shovel, crook, rubber chicken, and there are many more.
Some items are accessible specifically for on-campus use.
Some items are accessible via more than one path.
Some items are almost impossible to make accessible to blind readers.
Some items are already likely to be made from recycled materials.
Some items are already online.
Some items are also available at our on-line gift shop .
Some items are also available in antique brass finish.
Some items are also available to buy, and some are available free such as flags and place mats.
Some items are also for sale.
Some items are also in videocassette format.
Some items are also worth additional vitality points.
Some items are as familiar as crab cakes and cobblers.
Some items are automatic disqualifiers.
Some items are available assembled .
Some items are available at a reduced rate for periods of a week or more.
Some items are available both signed or unsigned.
Some items are available by custom quote only.
Some items are available for a limited time only. .
Some items are available for checkout for off-campus meetings, conferences, or special events.
Some items are available for checkout.
Some items are available for downloading and are in pdf format.
Some items are available for loan on video tape.
Some items are available for overnight loan if borrowed during the final two hours of opening.
Some items are available for overnight shipping.
Some items are available for purchase.
Some items are available for shipping sooner.
Some items are available for shipping.
Some items are available free.
Some items are available from stock - call for availability.
Some items are available in .pdf format only.
Some items are available in a finish with contrasting green or black accents.
Some items are available in foreign languages and in Braille.
Some items are available in larger sizes.
Some items are available in limited quantities only.
Some items are available in silver or gold plate and some in sterling silver.
Some items are available in single quantity and others require a minimum purchase.
Some items are available in the form of a master copy, ready to duplicate.
Some items are available locally.
Some items are available now and at the school.
Some items are available on a one time basis only and ohters have a constant supply.
Some items are available on interlibrary loan.
Some items are available on special.
Some items are available through our automatic shopping cart.
Some items are available to UVa users only due to licensing requirements.
Some items are available with shorter notice.
Some items are big and some are small any wishes granted are greatly appreciated.
Some items are blue for emphasis.
Some items are completely out of print and have been eliminated from our catalog.
Some items are copies, but most are originals.
Some items are custom made to order and require additional time.
Some items are definite musts.
Some items are difficult to dry in a dishwasher even under the best of circumstances.
Some items are drop-shipped directly from the manufacturer.
Some items are easy to purchase over the web.
Some items are essential for furnishing the building and landscaping the property.
Some items are even free after rebate.
Some items are even free after rebates.
Some items are expensive for what they are.
Some items are expensive, but some are affordable and unique.
Some items are for export only.
Some items are for in-library use only and they are so marked.
Some items are for off-road use only.
Some items are for reference only.
Some items are for sale and it is possible to see the traditional weaving process.
Some items are for sale in the book store.
Some items are for sale to serving members only.
Some items are free of shipping charges.
Some items are free, some are for sale.
Some items are from Europe.
Some items are from other donors as notes in the individual entries.
Some items are from other servers such as Bibliomania.
Some items are full text.
Some items are full-text, others require library print copy.
Some items are functional.
Some items are genuine historic relics.
Some items are genuinely lovely and rare works of art.
Some items are hand crafted.
Some items are handcrafted and made to order.
Some items are hard to find, making it impossible to go through the entire game in one shot.
Some items are hard to get at times, so it is a matter of supply and demand.
Some items are harder to capture than others.
Some items are heavy but mechanical aids available.
Some items are heavy others are sheer.
Some items are hypertext links to the full text of the work elsewhere on the Internet.
Some items are in .pdf format.
Some items are in English as well as French.
Some items are in English.
Some items are in good supply, others down to the last one.
Some items are in high demand so reservation are required.
Some items are in high demand, so reserve ahead or call for availability.
Some items are in languages other than English.
Some items are in limited sizes and supply.
Some items are in limited supply.
Some items are in native languages.
Some items are in oversize folders.
Some items are in photocopy form only.
Some items are in stock and are available for immediate shipment.
Some items are in stock and ready for delivery.
Some items are in stock and some items are made to order.
Some items are in the names of early Spanish sovereigns.
Some items are in the public domain.
Some items are inexpensive trinkets, but some are costly items.
Some items are informal, while some are heavily footnoted legal articles.
Some items are in-stock now.
Some items are instock, and some take a little longer than two weeks.
Some items are irregulars.
Some items are just plain fun.
Some items are limited to stock on hand.
Some items are limited.
Some items are mandatory according to the rules of the Iditarod.
Some items are mandatory.
Some items are market priced and menus change regularly.
Some items are more difficult to get rid of than others.
Some items are more expensive in the summer, while others peak in the winter, fall or spring.
Some items are more important, others less so.
Some items are more interpretive or abstract than others.
Some items are more obvious.
Some items are more or less costly to ship.
Some items are more suseptible to bug infestation than others.
Some items are more, none are less.
Some items are much more critical operationally than others.
Some items are negotiable as far as necessity but all items are welcome for donation.
Some items are new, such as over-orders, leftovers and overruns.
Some items are new, while others are in excellent condition.
Some items are non-circulating and are for library use only.
Some items are non-refundable, see site for details.
Some items are non-returnable unless due to our error or are damaged in shipment.
Some items are now downloadable.
Some items are now even in some mainstream supermarkets.
Some items are obvious.
Some items are of outstanding historical value.
Some items are off-limits.
Some items are OK as is.
Some items are on microfilm and microfilm readers and copiers are available on the second floor.
Some items are on sale.
Some items are on women, some are on music, and some relate to both.
Some items are one of a kind and several items are available in various sizes.
Some items are one of a kind or limited in quantity, so please include alternates where requested.
Some items are one of a kind.
Some items are only available for persons who answered one form or the other.
Some items are only available while supplies last.
Some items are only partly taxable.
Some items are only there to mislead or to have fun with.
Some items are optional and are so marked.
Some items are out of date but most are quite helpful.
Some items are out of stock.
Some items are overnight loans.
Some items are part of almanacs.
Some items are part of alphabets.
Some items are part of anthologies.
Some items are part of atlases.
Some items are part of booklets.
Some items are part of books.
Some items are part of catalogs.
Some items are part of checklists.
Some items are part of cookbooks.
Some items are part of dictionaries.
Some items are part of encyclopedias.
Some items are part of films.
Some items are part of glossaries.
Some items are part of guidebooks.
Some items are part of indexes.
Some items are part of lists.
Some items are part of magazines.
Some items are part of manuals.
Some items are part of menus.
Some items are part of movies.
Some items are part of phonebooks.
Some items are part of playlists.
Some items are part of primer.
Some items are part of publications.
Some items are part of textbooks.
Some items are part of timetables.
Some items are part of vocabulary.
Some items are perishable.
Some items are photocopies.
Some items are prices differently, depending on popularity and usage.
Some items are quite common while others can be extremely rare.
Some items are rather hotly debated.
Some items are really easy to implement but other are more difficult.
Some items are retrospective, requiring information preceding the previous twelve month period.
Some items are reusable.
Some items are safe for ingestion and are noted so if safe.
Some items are safe to take on a picnic without refrigeration.
Some items are safe, and some are dangerous.
Some items are searchable free.
Some items are seasonal, if desired in the 'fresh' state.
Some items are seasonal.
Some items are several layers deep.
Some items are severe measures, recommended only for emergencies.
Some items are silk-screened and specialty items are hand embroidered.
Some items are small and others require greater financial resources.
Some items are so rare that they are the only copy known to still exist.
Some items are so scarce that they command high prices in almost any condition.
Some items are special order and ship between one to six weeks.
Some items are special order based on sizing, color, gun type, etc.
Some items are special order or are shipped directly from the manufacturer.
Some items are special order, please call for availability.
Some items are specific, others just a general description.
Some items are specifically exempt.
Some items are stackable.
Some items are still a work in progress.
Some items are still in development.
Some items are still in storage.
Some items are still open for amendment.
Some items are still pricey, but the markdowns are great.
Some items are still under development - Check back soon.
Some items are strictly educational, while others are more domestic in nature.
Some items are subject to a restocking fee.
Some items are subject to availability.
Some items are subject to change.
Some items are subject to demand.
Some items are subject to seasonal availability and geography.
Some items are surplus to our home, others are garbage-picked or just found.
Some items are surprisingly cheap.
Some items are taken from homework, some items are unfamiliar.
Some items are tax free.
Some items are the same price regardless of member type.
Some items are thicker than others.
Some items are things, some are people, and some are places.
Some items are timeless.
Some items are to be translated yet.
Some items are too fragile to withstand photocopying.
Some items are too large for next day air, and are marked as oversize in the catalouge.
Some items are too large or too dangerous to ship economically by air travel.
Some items are tough to place an actual dollar value on, while others are obvious dollar savings.
Some items are trendy but re-spun with an Island twist and thoughtfully arranged by season.
Some items are trial versions, others are full products.
Some items are truly unique and one of a kind.
Some items are unable to be renewed.
Some items are unavailable due to flood damage.
Some items are unique or one of a kind.
Some items are very creative, fun, unusual or even bizarre.
Some items are very limited in quantity.
Some items are very rare - others are unusual but very affordable.
Some items are virtually unattainable anywhere else.
Some items are web sites.
Some items arrive at the repository stored in a highly acidic environment.
Some items ask to draw or trace, tell about a certain figure or tell about a solution.
Some items attract different rates of sales tax.
Some items become apparent as soon as the calculations are made.
Some items become assistive technology when they are used for other than their intended purposed.
Some items begin losing valuable nutrients from the moment they are harvested.
Some items below have links to additional information.
Some items can be a little pricey, but it's definitely worth the splurge.
Some items can be balloons, streamers, African prints and banners.
Some items can be in publication in as little time as one week from the date of receipt.
Some items can be very common.
Some items can be very dangerous when worn around machinery with moving parts.
Some items can go out overnight within two hours of closing time.
Some items carry an extended manufacturer's warranty.
Some items circulate for shorter periods due to high demand.
Some items circulate overnight.
Some items circulate.
Some items come faster, some come slower.
Some items come from other States, and some are imported at very competitive prices.
Some items come from the library's collection, and some come from instructors.
Some items come with an independent appraisal at no cost.
Some items commonly used in vegetarian cooking can be a little confusing for the uninitiated.
Some items contain links to pertinent federal rules.
Some items contain links to related pages.
Some items cook for hours.
Some items cross category lines after all.
Some items deal with sex, some with religion, etc.
Some items demand special handling during scanning.
Some items detail the depth and breadth of ship provisions.
Some items do remain on reading lists from year to year.
Some items do take a little longer to process so please be patient.
Some items do take longer to obtain, and require a little more effort on everyone's part.
Some items exist only on paper.
Some items extend to the full duration of the program.
Some items feature a shopping cart icon for purchasing.
Some items get an entire page to show off the item.
Some items go into a collection other than the library's main stacks.
Some items go out much faster.
Some items go the same day and some stay for months.
Some items have a description and photo .
Some items have a description page.
Some items have a hidden reserve price set.
Some items have a 'minimum bid'.
Some items have a reserve bid.
Some items have a slight variation which gives the piece a unique handcrafted look.
Some items have a which lists the chapter titles.
Some items have additional shipping charges as noted on the product page.
Some items have additional shipping charges due to their large size.
Some items have additional text printed on the verso.
Some items have an extra packing fee which is listed in parentheses above the item number.
Some items have an inherent scrap factor that varies slightly with each production run.
Some items have annotations.
Some items have balloon help, however.
Some items have been emphasized, so please take note.
Some items have bibliographic references only.
Some items have brief descriptions.
Some items have conditions on their use.
Some items have deeper discounts than others, based on two separate strategies.
Some items have entries under both the acronym and the term spelled out.
Some items have extra shipping charges added, due to their weight or size.
Some items have flaws.
Some items have incomplete bibliographic descriptions.
Some items have limited availability.
Some items have limited quantities.
Some items have links to full- text versions that can be downloaded freely.
Some items have links to full-text.
Some items have links to images.
Some items have loan restrictions due to licensing agreements or formats as noted above.
Some items have many different sizes and colors.
Some items have minimum bids.
Some items have minor variations as a result of being hand crafted originals.
Some items have more than one date.
Some items have more then one name, so they are listed more than once.
Some items have no accompanying photographs to respect the wish of their owners.
Some items have no nutritive value.
Some items have no opening bid or 'reserve'.
Some items have only an impressed shape or number.
Some items have other loan periods.
Some items have packaging that has been minimized in size.
Some items have photos available.
Some items have several different sizes.
Some items have special locations.
Some items have special prices of twenty-five percent off.
Some items have sub-listings, also.
Some items have to be fought for as part of the ordering process.
Some items have two options.
Some items here are available for download, others are links to different sites.
Some items hold their value better than others.
Some items indicate whether the item was a gift or a purchase.
Some items leave the system through the Surplus Store.
Some items listed above can take hundreds of work hours.
Some items listed are free online, others are by subscription only.
Some items listed are only available in another format.
Some items listed below come in bulk pallets.
Some items listed have minimum quantities to purchase, but never a dollar amount.
Some items listed here are available for viewing online.
Some items listed in a library catalog include books, videos, computer programs, CDs and maps.
Some items lose much of their utility when they are transferred to a different format.
Some items make great gifts.
Some items naturally are unrealistic based on movies anyway.
Some items now sink in water.
Some items offer a specified flat commission rather than a percentage.
Some items pertain more to specific disciplines than to others.
Some items premade.
Some items provide direct member care services.
Some items raise one specific type of magic or negates it.
Some items recently acquired by both collections also have yet to be included.
Some items remain in stock.
Some items remain mysterious.
Some items remain to be translated, but most is done.
Some items remain viable for the purposes of salary packaging.
Some items require a longer time to ship usually within two weeks.
Some items require a minimum quantity order.
Some items require a more dispersed steam - large areas, plant misting, upholstery.
Some items require a more rapid response than can be guaranteed by the above means.
Some items require a prescription and some are clearly for use by trained personnel only.
Some items require a prescription before they can be sold.
Some items require a restocking fee.
Some items require a size and color selection as well.
Some items require a travel agent to provide that customer service.
Some items require a very hot fire and take a long time to burn.
Some items require additional cost in addition to the regular shipping costs on the chart.
Some items require additional shipping cost.
Some items require adobe acrobat reader.
Some items require advance ordering .
Some items require assembly.
Some items require circling responses and signatures.
Some items require cooking.
Some items require extra time for retrieval, especially foreign publications and old documents.
Some items require gluing.
Some items require longer production times and take longer to ship.
Some items require more specialized contracts such as boats, automobiles, and computers.
Some items require registration.
Some items require shipment via motor freight, due to size or weight.
Some items require special consideration when being packaged for shipping.
Some items require special processes such as stone setting, antiquing, or inlay.
Some items require very precise temperature control.
Some items seem to be included several times in slightly different ways.
Some items sell for less than a dollar, and it's rare that anything goes for more than five.
Some items sell more quickly than others.
Some items shown are available only for delivery in our local area.
Some items still have only partial descriptions.
Some items take effect when picked up.
Some items take longer to ship as indicated on the page for that item.
Some items targeted by thieves are stereos and radar detectors.
Some items tend to be pricey, but the view is priceless.
Some items tend to unite the group, while others divide it.
Some items truly do fly out the door.
Some items turn over once per week.
Some items used in the vineyard are appropriate for on-line sales.
Some items warrant news stories, while others are considered paid advertisements.
Itemised billing is a good case in point.
Itemised billing is free on either a monthly or quarterly basis.
Itemize materials costs, such as expendable materials, report preparation, and miscellaneous costs.
Itemized bills are available at the time of service for all chargeable services.
Itemized bills including VATs etc. is issued upon request.
Itemized costs can include a startup fee, a monthly fee, equipment charges, and postage surcharges.
Itemized disbursements show explanations.
Itemized index facilitates easy reference.
Itemized instructions follow.
Itemized lists are handy.
Itemized materials list.
Itemized reports are to be put on file, available to members at all times.
Itemized statements are also available upon request.
Iterated maps are what many fractals are made of.
Iteration planning starts each iteration.
An iteration is repetition
Iteration allows for effectiveness and self-correction.
Iteration allows students to explore the design space.
Iteration also provides continuous discovery, invention, and improvements in implementation.
Iteration continues until no replacement occurs in an entire iterate.
Iteration involves instructing the computer to repeat a sequence of actions a number of times.
Iteration involves running a certain equation many times on it's own result.
Iteration is a general-purpose mechanism for traversing the items in a list.
Iteration is a graphical iteration of a quadratic paramerized curve.
Iteration is a synonym for looping.
Iteration is another characteristic of fractals.
Iteration is controlled by the pos parameter.
Iteration is crucial.
Iteration is done with loop statements , used in conjunction with iterator calls.
Iteration is important in many areas of mathematics.
Iteration is one of the most common methods to study chaos.
Iteration is one type of loop , which is a very important structure in computer science.
Iteration is performed by recursion.
Iteration is performed on the square dividing it up into smaller and smaller self-similar triangles.
Iteration is provided over vertices, edges, and vertices adjacent to a particular vertex.
Iteration is the repeated application of a transformation.
Iteration is the technical term for a repetition , either of data objects or of actions.
Iteration leads to rapid convergence provided the initial estimate is suitably located.
Iteration liberates the complexity hidden within it.
Iteration means a repetitive process.
Iteration means moving a unit of measure repeatedly while marking the beginning and ending points.
Iteration means that the process consists of a sequence of written questionnaires.
Iteration means to repeat a process over and over again.
Iteration provides access to the elements.
Iteration stops if no term with any -derivative of any is left.
Iteration stops when the value of the control variable passes a predefined limit.
Iteration stops when there are no more elements in the specified array that can be referenced.
Iteration stops when there are no more symbols to be referenced in the specified package.
Iterations are commonly loss of time.
Iterations are complete when all stories are complete.
Iterations are easy to perform.
Iterations are processes.
Iterations are repetition.
Iterations can also be unpredictable, unplannable and impossible to anticipate.
Iterations is a great freeware program for creating fractal images and animations.
Iterations is the process of taking the output of a function and plugging it back into the input.
Iterations Iterate different equations to find chaos in mathematics.
Iterations proceed until a target reduction is reached or a maximum iteration count is exceeded.
Iterations refine each local optimum, to determine the global optimum.
All iterations are online.
All iterations Draw all steps in the process of creating the fractal.
Every iteration is dialogical.
Every iteration overwrites the previous one.
Many iterations allow information to propagate globally.
More iterations mean higher costs.
Iterative approaches call for bureaucracies.
Iterative control allows a part of the program to be repeated a number of times.
Iterative cycling is required to produce a converged steady-state solution.
Iterative design includes three major stages.
Iterative development is a very simple concept.
Iterative development is particularly important in user-interface design.
Iterative development is supported in the most natural way.
Iterative development leads to much more successful and cost effective projects.
Iterative feedback continues until no further changes result.
Iterative games let the user observe the best cooperation strategies.
Iterative loops are more concrete about their limits.
Iterative methods are an excellent choice for solving such systems.
Iterative methods are essential.
Iterative methods are indispensable because of memory requirements.
Iterative methods employ the matrix of interest only as a multiplier, so sparsity is preserved.
Every iterative method contains a matrix-vector product and a preconditioner solve.
Many iterative methods are linearly convergent with constant , ie.
Many iterative methods are notoriously unreliable on finite element problems of interest.
Iterative processes reduce risk and increase quality.
Iterative processes serve as one example.
Iterative processes serve one example.
Iterative refinement improves the accuracy of some calculations when round-off errors accumulate.
Iterative refinement is applied in order to improve accuracy.
Iterative refinement is done in the same precision as the input data.
Iterative refinement is used to obtain an C error estimate.
Iterative release allows the user to model typical release processes.
Iterative resolution works in a fairly straightforward manner.
Iterative samples converge under certain assumptions to the distribution of interest.
Iterative solver fails.
Iterative techniques are also good if only a limited accuracy is required.
Iterative techniques become mandatory.
Iternational shipping is estimated .
Iteroparous species can reproduce multiple times.
ITEX software provides users with a simple sophisticated API that provides superior control.
Ithaca is part of America.
Ithaca isa thing.
Ithelps children grow in a loving way.
IThese industries are highly dependent on their ability to construct a public face.
Ithink girls can play boys and boys can play with girls.
IThis country is special, made up of many caring individuals who love and value their liberty.
IThis page is under construction.
IThis woman is extremly beautiful.
ITie species are very few, thongh widely dispersed in both hemispheres.
Itinerant operations are all aircraft operations other than local operations.
Itinerant operations mean all aircraft operations other than local operations.
Itinerant preachers are one of the keys to the local revivals in the Middle Kingdom.
Itinerant preachers can also tie the network of cells together through their visits.
Itinerant programs are for children who are placed in regular classrooms.
Itinerant services are available in a variety of settings for different disabilities.
Itinerant services are available.
Itinerant teachers assist students with special needs.
Itinerant teachers provide for the needs of orthopedically, visually, and hearing disabled students.
Itinerant traders are also exempt from the requirement to unit price.
Itinerary changes are dependent on weather conditions and group needs.
Itinerary changes are sometimes necessary, depending on weather conditions.
Itinerary details are below.
Itinerary development is then creative as well detailed and thorough.
Itinerary information is in our web-site.
Itinerary planner Try our unique itinerary planner.
An itinerary is a line
Itineraries are always flexible.
Itineraries are always weather permitting and subject to the sole discretion of the Captain.
Itineraries are available in reverse.
Itineraries are available upon request .
Itineraries are comprehensive, detailed and include the most famous and requested sites.
Itineraries are comprehensive, detailed, and include the most famous and requested sites.
Itineraries are especially interesting.
Itineraries are flexible enough to allow mileage to increase and vary as the summer progresses.
Itineraries are of a superb standard with good quality vehicles and equipment.
Itineraries are prepared to meet desires and budget of group.
Itineraries are prepared to meet the desire and budget of each group.
Itineraries are representative.
Itineraries are schedules.
Itineraries are subject to change at any time without prior notice.
Itineraries are subject to change due to reasons of time constraints and ground realities .
Itineraries are subject to change due to weather and road conditions.
Itineraries are subject to change due to weather and trail conditions.
Itineraries are subject to change due to weather, road or other conditions beyond our control.
Itineraries are subject to change without prior notice depending on prevailing conditions.
Itineraries are subject to change without prior notice.
Itineraries are subject to change.
Itineraries are subject to minor change.
Itineraries are subject to modification without notice.
Itineraries are tailor-made for each client.
Itineraries are the choice of the Captain.
Itineraries can be tailor-made to suit requirements.
Itineraries can be tailor-made.
Itineraries can include visits to Jordan and Egypt.
Itineraries can vary in length and can be tailored to suit the requirements of the client.
Itineraries Click to see three sample itineraries .
Itineraries feature worldwide exotic packages year-round.
Itineraries focus on educational opportunities with a marine science theme.
Itineraries given below are some popular choices.
Itineraries highlight the cultural, historical, economic and physical diversity of the area.
Itineraries offer something to appeal to everyone.
Itineraries range from camping and eco-travel trips to luxury cruises.
Itineraries range from soft family adventures to rugged camping treks.
Itineraries show all reservations made by a customer on one convenient form.
Itineraries vary according to group requirements.
Itineraries vary according to the type of vessel.
Itineraries vary from a three day weekender to a three-month world cruise.
Itineraries vary with each ship.
Itineraries vary, depending on length, degree of difficulty, and desired vantage points.
Itineraries usually have a well-defined path .
Itineraries usually have a well-defined path.
All itineraries are available as private safaris.
All itineraries are subject to adjustments.
All itineraries are subject to change .
All itineraries are subject to change without advance notice.
All itineraries are subject to change without notice.
All itineraries are subject to change without prior notice.
All itineraries are subject to change.
All itineraries are subject to changes without notice.
All itineraries are subject to weather conditions.
All itineraries are tentative only.
All itineraries are weather permitting and at the sole discretion of the Captain.
All itineraries are weather permitting.
All itineraries converging upon Istanbul are good.
All itineraries have on-board naturalists, historians, and guides.
Any itinerary is of a critical nature.
Every itinerary is client-specific.
Every itinerary is designed as a complete cruise-tour.
Every itinerary lists the pickup and drop off points for each program.
Many itineraries highlight home visits, and occasionally an overnight stay, with a local family.
Most itineraries allow for two cities per week.
Most itineraries also operate in the reverse order.
Most itineraries are circular routes, starting and ending at the same place.
Some itineraries are more expensive.
Some itineraries are up to nine days long.
ITME programs are decidedly different from other travel or adventure type programs.
Most ITOS components obtain mnemonic values by polling the current value table.
ITOX customers benefit by avoiding costly computer design changes and system re-certifications.
An itraconazole is an agent
Itraconazole is available in pill form for systemic treatment of vaginal candidiasis.
ITRC employees perform various functions and collaborate on projects throughout each working day.
ITRC staff strive to track and resolve customer problems efficiently.
ITSs are international sectoral trade organization.
ITSs set their own program and rules.
ITSI rentals make sense.
Itsprincipal goal is to provide an adequate place for holding meetings.
ITVA members meet regularly to explore the growing areas of non-broadcast television.
ITVA members receive quality and cost benefits.
All ITVA members are eligible for discount entry fees.
All IUSD graduates are eligible for admission to a public community college.
IUSD investigators have an identified population in Central America.
Most IUSD students live off campus.
IV administration can cause a bitter taste in the mouth.
IV administration is the preferred route for producing therapeutic serum levels.
IV administration results in complete bioavailability.
IV bags drip slowly.
IVs are operational.
IVs are ready for defensive actions.
Iva- nova is presented as a capable commander with a quick tongue, hot temper, and sharp wit.
An iva is a hydrophytic plant
Iva is a reinvention, and also the mother of modern photography.
Iva is the only child living.
Iva slows it down just a bit.
IVEs allow the user to have different templates of an object with which to compose visual queries.
Ives also plans to write a book entitled The Spiritual Response to Violence .
Ives are irate.
Ives exploits the connections between the various diatonic areas through the use of the tritone.
Ives finishing detail is superior and the brass has more depth of color.
Ives freaks out and crosses the line.
Ives goes to Yugoslavia to ransom a kidnapped diplomat.
Ives is a fine romance hero.
Ives is also responsible for content and speaker selection for the annual Upstart Europe conference.
Ives is an industry leader and is recognized by pharmacists worldwide.
Ives is caught in a jurisdictional dispute involving tribal, state and federal law.
Ives is the acknowledged modern master of the one-act genre.
Ives is the nearest money order and telegraph office.
Ives makes great stuff also.
Ives offers a magnetic kickplate for steel doors that can be installed without using tools.
Ives Sign the guesbook and be the first to try new products before they hit the stores.
Ives stops the test to recalibrate the device.
Ives suffers from a painful constipating condition known as irritable bowel syndrome.
Ives uses an undercut screw to give the surface of the plate a sleeker look.
Ives uses several quotes of popular, patriotic songs.
Ives wishes to be the river's companion.
Ives sometimes recreates a scene from a customer's hometown.
Ivermectin therapy can alter insect colonization of dung from treated cattle.
Ivermectin treatment is successful against most species of Anoplura lice.
IVIG infusion is an effective prophylactic measure against neonatal infection.
All IVIG products are interchangeable.
IVIG treatment is expensive.
Ivlost production is for domestic consumption.
Ivorian banks are at a crossroads.
Ivorian specialties are available in many frican restaurant.
Ivory carving is the major handicraft industry of the district.
Ivory Coast accuses chocolate companies . . .
Ivory Coast has a tropical climate with consistently high temperatures all year round.
Ivory Coast has Africa's third largest economy and is the leading world producer of cocoa.
Ivory Coast is divided into nineteen regions.
Ivory Coast is in the process of coming out of anguish.
Ivory Coast is one of the world s most heavily indebted countries.
Ivory Coast is one of the world's largest producers of cocoa, coffee, and palm oil.
Ivory Coast is the world's leading cocoa producer.
Ivory Coast is the world's main cocoa grower.
Ivory Coast is the world's top cocoa producer.
Ivory Coast is the world's top producer of cocoa.
Ivory Coast produces half of the world's cocoa.
Ivory coasts are countries.
Ivory gulls nest on cliffs.
Ivory gulls nest on rocky cliffs.
Ivory liquid is fine.
Ivory soap is a good choice here.
Ivory soap is a more drying soap than many others.
Ivory soap is different because it floats.
Ivory soap is the only pure tallow based soap on the market.
An ivory tower is a state of mind
Ivory towers are no longer in order.
Ivory towers are the last refuge of the clueless.
Ivory towers disintegrate to sandboxes in an instant.
Many ivory vendors see little future in the trade, it claims.
Ivory agrees with the veteran coach's assessment.
Ivory also commands the highest prices.
Ivory applies a rear chin lock on the champion.
Ivory are usually safe.
Ivory believes the actress struck just the right pitch in a complicated portrayal.
Ivory believes the department is the city's best, long-term hope for beautification.
Ivory blocks a monkey flip.
Ivory breaks the movie into parts, which adds a lovely touch of incoherence to the boredom.
Ivory calls the women hookers.
Ivory caning crisscrosses the sound hole like lace.
Ivory carving as the Inuit practice it is a highly skilled craft.
Ivory comes from animals.
Ivory comes from elephants.
Ivory derives from elephants.
Ivory diamonds sights.
Ivory gates to the body.
Ivory gets a two count.
Ivory handle fully carved in a thistle motif.
Ivory handle in the form of a female acrobat.
Ivory handle material.
Ivory handle, slight natural stress crack on other side.
Ivory has a complex characteristic grain which helps distinguish it from imitations.
Ivory has a scarf.
Ivory has a small marketplace and a limited number of potential purchasers.
Ivory has rum pink accent.
Ivory has the most efficient dispatch implementation.
Ivory is a dentin
Ivory is a highly sensitive material which absorbs water.
Ivory is a material used in creating art objects and jewelry where the ivory is carved with designs.
Ivory is a natural tooth substance that continues to grow throughout the animal's life.
Ivory is a powerful material associated with a powerful animal.
Ivory is a solid two-way player.
Ivory is also from rhinos.
Ivory is an acceptable alternative.
Ivory is an excellent map color.
Ivory is an expensive base for painting and is available in small sizes mostly.
Ivory is anything but black.
Ivory is coveted.
Ivory is disgusted by other women.
Ivory is good choice.
Ivory is in demand for making bracelets, bangles and powder for Chinese medicine.
Ivory is marketed as an aphrodisiac as well as carved for jewelry and decorative pieces.
Ivory is more desirable than composite handles.
Ivory is now very rare and expensive since there are restrictions on hunting elephants for ivory.
Ivory is optional as the same price.
Ivory is perhaps the perfect medium for carving intricate works of art.
Ivory is precise in every detail.
Ivory is really only dentine and is no different from ordinary teeth.
Ivory is similar to bone, being made up mostly of calcium and phosphate.
Ivory is still very valuable here on the hidden markets.
Ivory is the best color for most students to read easily.
Ivory is the leading candidate if a position change is needed.
Ivory is the smooth, solid, usually white material that makes up the tusks of elephants.
Ivory is the teeth of animals.
Ivory is used in architectural decoration.
Ivory is very rare and expensive .
Ivory is very rare and expensive.
Ivory is white.
Ivory is yellow with a lot of white.
Ivory isa material.
Ivory isa stuff.
Ivory keys too.
Ivory look with beautiful color scrimshaw.
Ivory looks slightly ill.
Ivory napkins with lace edging.
Ivory now works at a senior citizens home in Galveston, cleaning rooms.
Ivory poaching for tusks is the main reason that elephants have been so heavily hunted.
Ivory pockets in tears.
Ivory provides a more dramatic effect compared to other brands.
Ivory remains a much-fancied decorative item in parts of the Middle East and Far East.
Ivory scores the pinfall.
Ivory sets the tone from the free throw line and on the defensive side of the court.
Ivory slams Jazz' head into the apron.
Ivory sounds ready for the challenge.
Ivory tends to carve easily.
Ivory tends to yellow with age and takes on a mellow brownish-yellow patina.
Ivory turns yellow if it is continuously kept away from light.
Ivory works quite well.
All ivory netsukes and carvings are elephant ivory.
Most ivory comes from animals.
Most ivory comes from elephants.
Most ivory derives from elephants.
Some ivories have a grain, best described as similar to tree rings in miniature.
Some ivory comes from sources.
Some ivory threatens elephants.
Ivy extracts are part of current cough medicines.
Ivy foliage contains triterpenoid saponins and falcarinol .
Ivy foliage helps to add balance and highlight the brighter flowers.
Ivy growth is visibile in the deteriorating roof's valley. .
Ivy growth is visible in the deteriorating roof's valley.
An ivy is a vine
Ivies are also useful as trailers in hanging baskets or as ground cover between larger plants.
Ivies are an excellent choice as they trail over the rim and edges of the basket.
Ivies are capable of pests.
Ivies are climbers.
Ivies are extremely easy to increase by cuttings.
Ivies are the most common and one of the easiest plants to use for hollow topiaries.
Ivies are very useful in hanging baskets, for draping over walls, or as a ground cover.
Ivies are vines.
Ivies grow vigorously with trailing branches creating an interesting centerpiece.
Ivies thrive in areas of bright sunlight or bright indirect light.
Ivies thrive under light trays like the ones used for African violets.
Ivy growing on buildings or trees creates many nesting sites.
Ivy symbolizes fertility.
Ivy works very well in a living wreath.
Most ivies do well with average light.
Most ivies prefer bright, indirect light rather than the intense sunlight of a south-facing window.
Iwaenogu materials are often difficult to obtain outside Japan.
Iwill company profile all products product est.
Iwould appreciate any help.
Iwould appreciate any information, advice or opinion.
Iwould appreciate the help.
Iwould have the new rudder built on the old shaft and add a thicker insert.
Ixcuintla dogs are the true Mexican hairless.
Ixian projectors are actually quite powerful.
Ixtaccihuatls profile looks like a reclining women.
Iyengar approach emphasizes correct body alignment with lots of hands-on, individual attention.
Iyengar yoga is meditation in action.
Iyengar yoga zeroes in on the body's alignment by strictly adhering to the correct postures.
Izar soils are on hills and fan piedmont remnants with a rock core and rock pediment remnants.
IZEA management has extensive experience in digital advertising.
A j is a letter
J isa unit.
Js go to waste.
Js have (part) ergs.
A jab is a gesture
More jabs are sure to come.
A jabberwocky is nonsense
Jabberwockies are nonsense.
Jabberwocky beautifully skates the thin edge of being understood and being nonsense.
Jabberwocky is a big mean jerk-face.
Jabberwocky sets a random bunch of letters on a lexical collision course.
Jabberwocky simply listens to what is going on and is able to run the presentation itself.
Jabiluka campaign heats up.
A jabot is a furbelow
Jabot isa frill.
Jabots are the fabric panels that cascade down each side of the window in pleats.
Jabots have (part) sections.
A jaboticaba is a fruit tree
Jaboticaba probably belongs in a class in with some other ornery blooming plants.
A jacamar is a bird
Jacamars are slender birds with rather long tails and long, sharp bills.
Jacamars inhabit a variety of environments, from rain forests to dry grasslands.
Jacamars nest in an unlined burrow in a river bank or disused termite nest.
Jacamars resemble large hummingbirds but are more closely related to woodpeckers.
A jacaranda is a tree
Jacarandas are briefly deciduous in the Bay Area.
Jacarandas make for striking street trees.
Jack County is situated in the North Central Prairies region.
Jack rabbits live up to years.
Jack rabbits look like rabbits.
Most jack rabbits live up to years.
Most jack rabbits look like rabbits.
A jack is an electrical device
Jack hurries back to the drugstore, eager to check the results.
Jack isa device.
Jack races home only to find it empty.
JACK works out hard and it shows.
Jacks are also available by special order.
Jacks are also fun to catch on the fly rod but are poor table fare.
Jacks are also valid cards since they are wild.
Jacks are asses.
Jacks are back to their normal feeding frenzies and sheepshead are all over the flats.
Jacks are bad guys.
Jacks are balls.
Jacks are cross-connected to applications as required.
Jacks are devices used to lift a motor vehicle off the ground for servicing or other repairs.
Jacks are donkeys.
Jacks are electrical devices.
Jacks are face cards.
Jacks are flags.
Jacks are frequent catches.
Jacks are heavy and cumbersome to handle.
Jacks are little boys.
Jacks are located in boxs.
Jacks are located in trunks.
Jacks are mechanical devices.
Jacks are out and providing lots of action on pigfish, shrimp and mullet.
Jacks are playing cards.
Jacks are pound per pound the strongest fish inshore.
Jacks are simple to make and use, and use, and use.
Jacks are small kings, usually males, that mature after spending only one winter in the ocean.
Jacks are strong-swimming carnivores that are often found hunting in open water by coral reefs.
Jacks are swift-swimming carnivores, usually feeding on other fish.
Jacks are tools.
Jacks are tweezer-like tools used for shaping glass.
Jacks are voracious predators and are most active just after sunset when they feed on reef fish.
Jacks are wild cards.
Jacks cruise with divers while they explore the deep fissures in the wall.
Jacks have (part) sections.
Jacks have a larger mouth with teeth and a black spot on the gill cover.
Jacks have a slender base to their tail.
Jacks have a special property.
Jacks have large eyes, excellent eyesight.
Jacks have legs.
Jacks have life.
Jacks have skeletons made of hard mineralized bone similar to our own.
Jacks inherit much of their overall fertility and libido from their sires.
Jacks just wiggle to signal an invitation and the females comply.
Jacks love to trap their prey any place where the prey's means of escape is restricted.
Jacks mingle amongst the barracuda, and they swirl and circle above divers' heads.
Jacks require a ton of exercise and training.
Jacks require special handling and special housing.
Jacks typically have larger testicles and a larger penis than stallions.
Jacks vary in shape according to genus.
All Jacks are welcome long or short legged.
All jacks have a similar shape.
Every jack comes complete with adjustable top clamp clevis for use in clamping and winching.
Every jack has a separate port assigned to it and each extension number requires a port.
Many jacks interchange their parts with other jacks.
Most jacks are available on individual display cards or in bulk pack.
Most jacks are inefficient.
Most jacks are pretty simple, whether they're pneumatic or mechanical in some other way.
Most jacks have a screw that can turn inside a nut.
Most jacks have life.
Some jacks apply forces.
Some jacks are available on table tops while others are built into the walls.
Some jacks become heros.
Some jacks become pirates.
Some jacks give farewells.
Some jacks have behavioral issues.
Some jacks have choices.
Some jacks have enemies.
Some jacks have feelings.
Some jacks have great passions.
Some jacks have issues.
Some jacks have passions.
Some jacks have recollection.
Some jacks have serious behavioral issues.
Some jacks have serious issues.
Some jacks perform tasks.
A jackal is a canid
Jackal isa mammal.
Jackals also feed on carrion.
Jackals also find carrion by following the vultures, another carrion-eating animal.
Jackals are adaptable animals and can adapt easily to changing environments.
Jackals are canids.
Jackals are canines.
Jackals are cooperative, cunning hunters.
Jackals are crepuscular , most active at dawn and dusk.
Jackals are extremely territorrial.
Jackals are fast animals.
Jackals are found in Africa and S Asia, where they inhabit deserts, grasslands, and brush country.
Jackals are like that.
Jackals are mammals.
Jackals are monogamous, meaning they mate for life.
Jackals are more edifying than their scavenger reputation.
Jackals are native to Southeastern Europe, Asia, and Africa.
Jackals are nocturnal, omnivorous scavengers.
Jackals are omnivores, which means they eat both plants and animals.
Jackals are omnivores.
Jackals are opportunistic feeders.
Jackals are opportunistic foragers for their very varied diet.
Jackals are preyed upon by eagles, leopards and hyenas.
Jackals are scavengers.
Jackals are small canines that have adapted to hunting small mammals , birds and reptiles .
Jackals are territorial and mark and defend their territory.
Jackals are territorial animals.
Jackals are very cunning and resourceful.
Jackals are very territorial in nature and zealously protect their area.
Jackals are very vocal animals.
Jackals are very vocal creatures.
Jackals attack calves.
Jackals attack newborn calves.
Jackals attack water buffalo calves.
Jackals behave very differently under different conditions.
Jackals can hunt small mammals, birds, and reptiles.
Jackals can live solitary life, be part of a couple or part of a large group, called pack.
Jackals can survive in deserts, savannas, grasslands, marshes, bush-lands, woodlands and mountains.
Jackals carry diseases.
Jackals catch hares.
Jackals close eyes.
Jackals develop specialized hunting skills.
Jackals dig holes.
Jackals eat animals.
Jackals eat flesh.
Jackals eat fruit.
Jackals eat mammals.
Jackals experience lower survival.
Jackals experience survival.
Jackals feed on fruit.
Jackals have (part) brains.
Jackals have (part) breasts.
Jackals have (part) cell membranes.
Jackals have (part) cells.
Jackals have (part) chest cavities.
Jackals have (part) chests.
Jackals have (part) corpi.
Jackals have (part) cytoplasm.
Jackals have (part) ears.
Jackals have (part) faces.
Jackals have (part) heads.
Jackals have (part) nuclei.
Jackals have (part) pads.
Jackals have (part) paws.
Jackals have (part) piluses.
Jackals have (part) plasma membranes.
Jackals have (part) rib cages.
Jackals have (part) sections.
Jackals have (part) skulls.
Jackals have (part) sterna.
Jackals have (part) vacuoles.
Jackals have a habit of burying their food if an intruder enters the area where it is feeding.
Jackals have a large vocabulary of calls.
Jackals have a musky smell.
Jackals have appearances.
Jackals have backs.
Jackals have bushy tail.
Jackals have coats.
Jackals have fur.
Jackals have heads.
Jackals have mass.
Jackals have one more pair of chromosomes than dogs or wolves.
Jackals have resemblance.
Jackals have similar features to dogs.
Jackals have strong resemblance.
Jackals hunt animals.
Jackals hunt domestic animals.
Jackals hunt gazelles.
Jackals hunt mammals.
Jackals inhabit areas.
Jackals inhabit intermediate zones.
Jackals inhabit plains, deserts, and prairies, living during the day in holes in the ground.
Jackals inhabit zones.
Jackals interbreed with domestic dogs.
Jackals kill small prey with a bite to the back of the neck.
Jackals live in deserts.
Jackals live singly or in pairs, and are sometimes found in small packs.
Jackals look very much like coyotes.
Jackals make extensive use of paths leading to burrows, watering points, gaps in fences, etc.
Jackals make groups.
Jackals occur in areas.
Jackals originate from jackals.
Jackals pose agricultural threat to man due to which they are killed.
Jackals possess coats.
Jackals produce offspring.
Jackals respond only to the sounds produced by the members of their family.
Jackals seize prey.
Jackals tend to look like a cross between a wolf and a fox.
Jackals thrive in diverse habitats.
Jackals thrive in habitats.
Jackals tolerate high temperatures very well.
Jackals use teeth.
Jackals vary in size depending on the species.
Jackals weigh pounds.
Jackals sometimes scavenge of lions too.
Jackals usually den in holes dug by themselves or others.
Most jackals attack newborn calves.
Most jackals carry diseases.
Most jackals dig holes.
Most jackals eat animals.
Most jackals eat flesh.
Most jackals eat fruit.
Most jackals eat mammals.
Most jackals experience lower survival.
Most jackals feed on fruit.
Most jackals have appearances.
Most jackals have backs.
Most jackals have coats.
Most jackals have fur.
Most jackals have heads.
Most jackals have mass.
Most jackals have resemblance.
Most jackals have strong resemblance.
Most jackals hunt domestic animals.
Most jackals inhabit areas.
Most jackals inhabit intermediate zones.
Most jackals inhabit zones.
Most jackals live in deserts.
Most jackals make groups.
Most jackals occur in areas.
Most jackals originate from jackals.
Most jackals possess coats.
Most jackals produce offspring.
Most jackals seize prey.
Most jackals thrive in diverse habitats.
Most jackals thrive in habitats.
Most jackals use teeth.
Most jackals weigh pounds.
Some jackals eat mice.
Some jackals eat monkeys.
Some jackals give birth to pups.
Some jackals have distribution.
Some jackals have height.
Some jackals have inflation.
Some jackals have reputations.
Some jackals have shoulder height.
Some jackals have vocabulary.
Some jackals hold flagella.
Some jackals kill pups.
Some jackals occupy savanna.
Some jackals reach maturity.
Some jackals reach sexual maturity.
Some jackals retain ability.
Some jackals search for fawns.
Some jackals search for gazelle fawns.
Some jackals sit in moonlights.
Some jackals steal prey.
Some jackals suffer from diseases.
A jackass is a fool
Jackasses are donkeys.
Any jackass can kick a barn down, but it takes a carpenter to build it.
Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a carpenter to build one.
Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a good carpenter to build one.
Any jackass can kick it down.
A jackdaw is a bird
Jackdaw isa bird.
Jackdaws also eat worms, beetles, insects, larvae, seeds and even mice.
Jackdaws also hide food for themselves.
Jackdaws are also excellent for interdisciplinary instruction.
Jackdaws are birds.
Jackdaws are common in some areas.
Jackdaws are especially fond of pumpkins.
Jackdaws are found throughout Ireland.
Jackdaws are general feeders.
Jackdaws are generally wary of people in the forest or countryside, but much tamer in urban areas.
Jackdaws are great imitators and captive individuals have been known to mimic human speech.
Jackdaws are great scavengers and frequent rubbish dumps.
Jackdaws are known for their very loud distinctive calls.
Jackdaws are long-lived birds and become nearly as old as human beings.
Jackdaws are loose colonial nesters, although some pairs nest on their own.
Jackdaws are monogamous and build simple nests of sticks in cavities in trees, cliffs, or buildings.
Jackdaws are omnivorous and opportunistic .
Jackdaws are omnivorous and opportunistic.
Jackdaws are quite small stocky-looking birds.
Jackdaws are sexually mature after one year.
Jackdaws are the smallest of the 'black' crows found in Ireland.
Jackdaws are versatile omnivores but especially insectivores.
Jackdaws are very evil and ill omens.
Jackdaws are very sociable birds that are often seen together in pairs or flying in large flocks.
Jackdaws breed up into high elevations.
Jackdaws can breed in buildings or in rabbit warrens.
Jackdaws derive their names from their sharp 'jack' calls.
Jackdaws feed on insects.
Jackdaws have (part) air sacs.
Jackdaws have (part) bird's feet.
Jackdaws have (part) brains.
Jackdaws have (part) breasts.
Jackdaws have (part) cell membranes.
Jackdaws have (part) cells.
Jackdaws have (part) chest cavities.
Jackdaws have (part) chests.
Jackdaws have (part) corpi.
Jackdaws have (part) cytoplasm.
Jackdaws have (part) ears.
Jackdaws have (part) faces.
Jackdaws have (part) flight feathers.
Jackdaws have (part) heads.
Jackdaws have (part) lips.
Jackdaws have (part) mouths.
Jackdaws have (part) nuclei.
Jackdaws have (part) plasma membranes.
Jackdaws have (part) quill feathers.
Jackdaws have (part) rib cages.
Jackdaws have (part) second joints.
Jackdaws have (part) sections.
Jackdaws have (part) skulls.
Jackdaws have (part) sterna.
Jackdaws have (part) talons.
Jackdaws have (part) vacuoles.
Jackdaws have (part) wishbones.
Jackdaws have a complex vocal communications system.
Jackdaws have necks.
Jackdaws have plumages.
Jackdaws have short stubby black beaks and long thin black legs.
Jackdaws have strong feet, light grey eyes and a shorter beak than crows.
Jackdaws have toes.
Jackdaws inhabit steppes.
Jackdaws inhabit wood steppes.
Jackdaws mate for life, pairing before sexual maturity.
Jackdaws nest in colonies and often close to rooks .
Jackdaws only have one brood of young each year.
Jackdaws pair up long term, often for life.
Jackdaws produce only one brood each year.
Jackdaws sphinx of quartz.
Jackdaws use eyes.
Jackdaws frequently bath during spring time and early summer.
Jackdaws sometimes scavenge rubbish dumps to look for food.
Most jackdaws breed for the first time when they are two years old.
Most jackdaws feed on insects.
Most jackdaws have necks.
Most jackdaws have plumages.
Most jackdaws have toes.
Most jackdaws inhabit steppes.
Most jackdaws inhabit wood steppes.
Most jackdaws use eyes.
Some jackdaws find food.
Some jackdaws have bills.
Some jackdaws use archery skills.
Some jackdaws use skills.
Jacket lapel has six rows of chain stitching.
A jacket is a coat
Jacket can be overwhelming, but it is also intuitively presented and indexed.
Jacket can be with or without cuffs.
Jacket comes complete with velcro attachable front and back lettered panels.
Jacket cover pristine.
Jacket isa coat.
Jacket opens from top.
Jacket overflap front closer with non-corrosive metal snaps.
Jacket slides off neatly, leaving the internal wiring untouched.
Jacket wishes to thank the authors for allowing the papers to be published here.
Jackets allow for the insertion of documents into a filmed file.
Jackets also sport a higher button stance, narrower notched lapels and flap pockets.
Jackets are a bit oversized and that's the look with the pants.
Jackets are advisable for air-conditioned areas.
Jackets are also available in an extensive range of sizes and designs.
Jackets are also good for hiding things in, like a baby s nose or a cannon.
Jackets are an end user product only.
Jackets are available at hardware stores and sometimes given away free with a new water heater.
Jackets are available either unlined or with an onaburg, linen or cotton lining.
Jackets are available in a wide range of colors and styles click on image for a larger view.
Jackets are clothing.
Jackets are coats.
Jackets are copper.
Jackets are cover weight stock with vellum inserts.
Jackets are easy.
Jackets are films.
Jackets are functional and attractive for non-racers as well.
Jackets are hard, thick, cover the skin completely.
Jackets are highly recommended.
Jackets are in lightweight fabrics with soft lines.
Jackets are located in closets.
Jackets are located in people.
Jackets are located in suitcases.
Jackets are mostly dark with a few tan and lighter grays and blues thrown in.
Jackets are mostly single breasted with high, wide revers.
Jackets are necessary in some expensive restaurants.
Jackets are necessary only for more formal occasions given the heat and humidity.
Jackets are no longer available.
Jackets are of black satin, with wide orange and yellow embroidered cuffs and lapels.
Jackets are of black satin, with widee orange and yellow embroidered cuffs and lapels.
Jackets are on there way to be embroidered .
Jackets are optional but look great for conferences, open houses, and meetings.
Jackets are optional for gentleman.
Jackets are optional for gentlemen.
Jackets are our specialty.
Jackets are outerwear that is used for all kinds of weather.
Jackets are part of potato.
Jackets are peels.
Jackets are precision drawn to bench-rest tolerances.
Jackets are removable and tend to become misplaced over time.
Jackets are required for gentlemen, ties are optional.
Jackets are scarlet with regimental facings, which usually match the waistcoat.
Jackets are shells.
Jackets are short , nipped in at the waist or long in the traditional blazer style.
Jackets are short and waisted.
Jackets are standard for men.
Jackets are the only clothing item that can be entered in the contest.
Jackets are wrapping.
Jackets can be short or long, but they're closer to the body.
Jackets can either be non-vented, side vented, or center vented.
Jackets can hold either two single sheet menus or one folded menu insert.
Jackets can ride up, exposing inner layers.
Jackets come either with or without a hood.
Jackets come in regular and tall, and the wool-blend jacket is available in cargo green.
Jackets come in silver, tan, maroon or black.
Jackets come with zippers in the front and back.
Jackets feature buttons on the front and cuffs.
Jackets feature ventilation grommets for added breathability.
Jackets have (part) bands.
Jackets have (part) breast pockets.
Jackets have (part) button holes.
Jackets have (part) coat buttons.
Jackets have (part) collars.
Jackets have (part) cuffs.
Jackets have (part) hems.
Jackets have (part) lap covering.
Jackets have (part) pocket flaps.
Jackets have (part) sections.
Jackets have (part) skirts.
Jackets have (part) sleeve.
Jackets have (part) stripes.
Jackets have a zipper or snaps.
Jackets have cuffs.
Jackets have inch waists.
Jackets have non-metallic snaps and storm fly front.
Jackets have softer shoulders and are shaped without heavy structure.
Jackets have split cuffs.
Jackets have waists.
Jackets have zippers.
Jackets There are several important factors to consider when choosing the proper jacket.
Jackets Warm up jacket.
All jackets are available to the public at factory discount prices.
All jackets are fully reversible, simple in style, and generous in size.
All jackets are normally in stock and ready to ship.
All jackets are solid brown with a quilted lining.
All jackets are unisex sized.
All jackets have body linings of natural osnaburg and all sleeve linings of unbleached cotton.
Many jackets hang softer due to less interfacing and shoulder padding.
Most jackets are also brand new or mint condition.
Most jackets have cuffs.
Most jackets have inch waists.
Most jackets have waists.
Some jacket wear.
Some jackets are defective.
Some jackets are in stock and can ship immediately.
Some jackets are in stock.
Some jackets are worn by men.
Some jackets come in the form of pullovers while others have a full length front zipper.
Some jackets come in the form of pullovers while others maintain a full length front zipper.
Some jackets contain laminates bonding several thin layers of different materials.
Some jackets have areas.
Some jackets have buttons.
Some jackets have reproduction.
Some jackets have short legs like a shorty, others feature leg holes similar to a woman's swimsuit .
Some jackets have slits.
Some jackets have surface areas.
Some jackets perform the functions of the middle and outer layers.
Jacketed bullets are pricey, and a total overkill for plinking.
Jacketings are dressings.
Jackfruits are an excellent fruit with incredible health benefits.
Jackfruits contain a high amount of calcium which strengthens and promotes healthy bone health.
A jackhammer is a power hammer
Jackhammer isa machine.
Jackhammers clatter away on construction projects across the Loop.
Jackhammers have (part) sections.
Jackhammers work better than sledgehammers.
Jackie character is the only adult male heir to a local martial arts clan.
A jackpot is a bet
Jackpots add seconds to the overall time.
Jackpots are awards.
Jackpots are directly proportional to the number of players in a game.
Jackpots are prizes.
Jackpots are usually parimutuel.
A jackrabbit is a hare
Jackrabbit isa hare.
Jackrabbits also eat rodents like mice ,rats, and different kinds of cacti.
Jackrabbits also possess a special digestive system adapted to the shrub-steppe.
Jackrabbits are a species typically found in outlying areas.
Jackrabbits are an amazing part of the shrub-steppe community.
Jackrabbits are an important food source for many animals.
Jackrabbits are coprophagic, meaning they eat their own waste .
Jackrabbits are even faster.
Jackrabbits are generally silent except for their shrill screams when wounded.
Jackrabbits are great sport with rifle, handgun, and shotgun, as well as hunting dogs.
Jackrabbits are hares and are larger than rabbits, with longer ears and and taller hind legs.
Jackrabbits are hares.
Jackrabbits are herbivores.
Jackrabbits are known for their speed and agility.
Jackrabbits are least abundant where grass grows best within their range.
Jackrabbits are most common in western parts of the state.
Jackrabbits are nocturnal, feeding mainly from sunset to sunrise.
Jackrabbits are powerful jumpers and fast runners.
Jackrabbits are primarily nocturnal and come alive as night falls.
Jackrabbits are rabbits.
Jackrabbits are strict vegetarians.
Jackrabbits are strong swimmers.
Jackrabbits are very alert to their surroundings and watchful of threats.
Jackrabbits are very difficult to live trap because they are reluctant to enter small entrances.
Jackrabbits are well suited to the shrub-steppe environment.
Jackrabbits avoid injuries.
Jackrabbits browse shrubs.
Jackrabbits can make some incredibly long leaps.
Jackrabbits can survive without a supply of drinking water.
Jackrabbits can weigh three to six pounds.
Jackrabbits consume native plants.
Jackrabbits consume plants.
Jackrabbits consume poisonous plants.
Jackrabbits depend on speed and dodging to elude predators.
Jackrabbits eat grasses and leafy vegetation in the summer.
Jackrabbits emerge from places.
Jackrabbits emerge from rest places.
Jackrabbits feed on grass.
Jackrabbits gallop and their tracks are usually in clusters of four, unless they are running fast.
Jackrabbits get most of their water from the vegetation they eat.
Jackrabbits have (part) brains.
Jackrabbits have (part) breasts.
Jackrabbits have (part) cell membranes.
Jackrabbits have (part) cells.
Jackrabbits have (part) chest cavities.
Jackrabbits have (part) chests.
Jackrabbits have (part) corpi.
Jackrabbits have (part) cytoplasm.
Jackrabbits have (part) ears.
Jackrabbits have (part) faces.
Jackrabbits have (part) heads.
Jackrabbits have (part) nuclei.
Jackrabbits have (part) pedal extremities.
Jackrabbits have (part) piluses.
Jackrabbits have (part) plasma membranes.
Jackrabbits have (part) rib cages.
Jackrabbits have (part) sections.
Jackrabbits have (part) skulls.
Jackrabbits have (part) sterna.
Jackrabbits have (part) vacuoles.
Jackrabbits have (part) vertebrate feet.
Jackrabbits have ears.
Jackrabbits have excellent hearing.
Jackrabbits have eyes.
Jackrabbits have eyesights.
Jackrabbits have sharp eyesights.
Jackrabbits hide under shrubs on dry, overgrown lots.
Jackrabbits host a variety of diseases.
Jackrabbits occupy mix shrubs.
Jackrabbits occupy shrubs.
Jackrabbits prefer arid habitats.
Jackrabbits prefer habitats.
Jackrabbits prefer open areas where their vision is unobstructed.
Jackrabbits provide a staple for the numerous coyotes and red foxes that roam the plains.
Jackrabbits reach maturity.
Jackrabbits reach sexual maturity.
Jackrabbits reportedly consume diets of shrubs and forbs that are toxic to cattle.
Jackrabbits rest in shades.
Jackrabbits take advantage of the cooler nighttime temperatures by being largely nocturnal.
Jackrabbits warn one another of danger by thumping their hind legs on the ground.
Jackrabbits often inhabit pastures that have been grazed by livestock.
Most jackrabbits avoid injuries.
Most jackrabbits consume native plants.
Most jackrabbits consume plants.
Most jackrabbits consume poisonous plants.
Most jackrabbits emerge from places.
Most jackrabbits emerge from rest places.
Most jackrabbits feed on grass.
Most jackrabbits have ears.
Most jackrabbits have eyes.
Most jackrabbits have eyesights.
Most jackrabbits have sharp eyesights.
Most jackrabbits occupy mix shrubs.
Most jackrabbits occupy shrubs.
Most jackrabbits prefer arid habitats.
Most jackrabbits prefer habitats.
Most jackrabbits reach maturity.
Most jackrabbits reach sexual maturity.
Some jackrabbits absorb heat.
Some jackrabbits become pests.
Some jackrabbits eat plants.
Some jackrabbits eat ripe seeds.
Some jackrabbits eat seeds.
Some jackrabbits feed on bark.
Some jackrabbits have characters.
Some jackrabbits have distribution.
Some jackrabbits have habits.
Some jackrabbits hibernate during winter.
Some jackrabbits return to homes.
Jackson chameleons have color.
Jacksonian democracy is indeed a good example to illustrate our point.
Jacquard looms are still in use today throughout the world.
Jade cove is also close to the campground, but plenty of 'rules' around collecting.
Jade Island is a strange book.
Jade Island is an absolutely fascinating book.
Jade plants are desert plants and have evolved several strategies to tolerate extended droughts.
Jade plants are sometimes tough to get the hang of.
Jade plants can live quite happily for years while root-bound.
Jade plants do best where they get four or more hours a day of direct sunlight.
Jade plants have an active and a dormant growing cycle.
Jade plants like to be root bound.
Jade plants propagate quite easily too.
A jade vine is a liana
Jade vine is cultivated in Hawaii for the flowers which are used in leis.
Jade consists of a tasteful collection of non-pornographic pictures of beautiful oriental women.
Jade crushes paper with the gavel.
Jade is a stone
Jade is by turns appalled and frightened.
Jade is green.
Jade is precious stones.
Jade isa crystal.
Jade leaves, large and small cabochons in various semi-precious stones.
Jade loves to hike because every smart dog knows that there are plenty of sticks in the woods.
Jade positions the cursor on the first waveform found above the current mouse position.
Jade presses screens.
Jade symbolizes purity, nobility and beauty.
Jade talks about everything and how it felt.
Jades look very much like miniature trees and often have an appealing bonsai quality.
Jaded people are quick to scoff, slow to dedicate themselves to improving the human condition.
All jaded ravers are truehearts.
Jadeite bangles are also very popular in Asian countries.
Jadeite colors are usually more vivid than nephrite shades, especially the greens.
A jadeite is a mineral
Jadeites are invulnerable to steel cutting tools made of carbonrundum or diamond power.
Jadgal people are mostly Muslim.
Jadtec customers have just one number to call for all of their computing needs.
A jaeger is a sea bird
Jaegers are uncommon along the Oregon coast.
Jaegers breed on the high tundra and winter at sea.
Jaegers can capture and feed on phalaropes at sea.
Jaegers look most similar to each other.
Jaegers pass through, taking aim primarily at the gulls.
A jag is a slit
Jags are fine.
Jags are flaps.
Jags are intemperance.
Jags are part of garments.
Jags are projections.
Jags are slits.
JAGs get to pin on silver oak leaves after their second attempt.
All jags have a steel threaded stud.
Jagged cuts give the lawn a whitish hue.
Jagged edges are also a problem with bitmap fonts.
Jagged edges increase risk for soft tissue stump breakdown.
Jagged edges pop up from time to time but seem minimal.
Jagged Gold Make some cool jagged gold texts.
Jagged holes breach the walls.
Jagged icefalls create a frozen impression of inferno.
Jagged islands shimmer through the late monsoon haze.
Jagged ridges spread in all directions, outlined by a pink predawn glow.
Jagged rock faces tower over beds of laurel and rhododendron.
Jagged terrain combines to produce unpredictable flow patterns and turbulence, such as rotors .
Jaggeds are albums.
Jaggies are a result of using pixels.
Jaggies are staircase-like formations on edges of objects on screen, particularly diagnols.
Jaggies distort the realism of a scene.
A jaguar is a cat
Jaguar isa feline.
Jaguars also eat larger animals such as deer, peccaries, capybaras, and tapirs.
Jaguars also eat livestock.
Jaguars also eat small, alligator-like animals called caimans, which live in rivers.
Jaguars also eat tapirs, which are mammals that are somewhat pig-shaped with snouts.
Jaguars also have a broader face, larger rosettes, thicker legs, and a longer face than leopards.
Jaguars also have a unique spotted pattern called rosettes which consists of a spot within a spot.
Jaguars also have rough padded paws to help add traction when running and climbing.
Jaguars also leave a sign of their presence with scent markings and droppings.
Jaguars are a sign of a healthy forest ecosystem.
Jaguars are also more heavily built and muscled than a leopard.
Jaguars are also predator animals and have a varied diet.
Jaguars are also the largest cats in the Western Hemisphere.
Jaguars are an endangered species due to loss of habitat and over-hunting by man.
Jaguars are an endangered species.
Jaguars are at home in the dark with their excellent night vision.
Jaguars are beautiful feline creatures that live in the rainforests.
Jaguars are big cats .
Jaguars are big cats.
Jaguars are black.
Jaguars are born blind, and they take three months to be weaned.
Jaguars are carnivores, which means they eat only meat.
Jaguars are cinnamon-buff in color, with many black spots.
Jaguars are ecological generalists.
Jaguars are endangered animals and are a sturdy and powerful creature.
Jaguars are excellent swimmers, and are the most water loving of the cats.
Jaguars are felines.
Jaguars are formidable predators, taking animals up to the size peccaries and tapirs.
Jaguars are great swimmers and like water.
Jaguars are known as apex predators, prefer large prey, and are particularly fond of meat.
Jaguars are large, wild, graceful cats that live in rainforests, swamps, deserts and shrubby areas.
Jaguars are larger and stockier than panthers.
Jaguars are mammals.
Jaguars are more aggressive than the cheetahs.
Jaguars are mostly nocturnal hunters.
Jaguars are muscular, with relatively short, massive limbs and a deep-chested body.
Jaguars are night stalkers that prefer to ambush their prey rather than chase it.
Jaguars are nocturnal hunters, and do most of their stalking on the ground.
Jaguars are nocturnal, and are often unaccompanied.
Jaguars are nocturnal.
Jaguars are normally solitary.
Jaguars are one of the largest animals in the cat family.
Jaguars are one of the only cats, besides the tiger , to be completely at home in the water.
Jaguars are one of the only cats, besides the tiger, to be completely at home in the water.
Jaguars are protected in the United States under the Endangered Species Act.
Jaguars are rare.
Jaguars are solitary and territorial animals.
Jaguars are solitary animals and live and hunt alone, except during mating season.
Jaguars are solitary animals, like most cats, and only come together to mate.
Jaguars are solitary creatures, like most cats.
Jaguars are solitary, apart from a mother with cubs, and they only meet up to mate.
Jaguars are some pretty cool cats.
Jaguars are surprisingly agile swimmers.
Jaguars are tan with black rings and dots.
Jaguars are territorial.
Jaguars are the biggest cats in the Americas and the third largest cats in the world.
Jaguars are the largest and most powerful felines found in the Western Hemisphere.
Jaguars are the largest and most powerful of the American cat family.
Jaguars are the largest cat in the Americas.
Jaguars are the largest cat in the western hemisphere.
Jaguars are the largest of American cats and are strong swimmers and climbers.
Jaguars are the largest of South America's big cats.
Jaguars are the second strongest of all mammals.
Jaguars are the third largest cat of the world, ranking behind the tiger and African lion.
Jaguars are very adaptable animals.
Jaguars are very agile and swift.
Jaguars are very comfortable in water or trees.
Jaguars are wonderful creatures.
Jaguars bite heads.
Jaguars can roar, but more often grunt, snarl, growl or even mew.
Jaguars can survive on anything from herd animals to insects.
Jaguars closely resemble leopards in spotting pattern but are generally heavier.
Jaguars combine power, grace, quick reflexes and endurance when stalking prey.
Jaguars currently range from the southwest United States to northern Argentina.
Jaguars currently range from the southwestern United States to northern Argentina.
Jaguars dispatch smaller prey by simply breaking their necks.
Jaguars eat dry food.
Jaguars eat food.
Jaguars eat monkeys, wild pigs, and cattle.
Jaguars eat wild pigs, turtles, cattle and even caiman, which are like alligators.
Jaguars get food.
Jaguars get their food there.
Jaguars glide silently through the underbrush.
Jaguars grab prey.
Jaguars have (part) brains.
Jaguars have (part) breasts.
Jaguars have (part) cell membranes.
Jaguars have (part) cells.
Jaguars have (part) chest cavities.
Jaguars have (part) chests.
Jaguars have (part) corpi.
Jaguars have (part) cytoplasm.
Jaguars have (part) ears.
Jaguars have (part) faces.
Jaguars have (part) heads.
Jaguars have (part) nuclei.
Jaguars have (part) pads.
Jaguars have (part) paws.
Jaguars have (part) piluses.
Jaguars have (part) plasma membranes.
Jaguars have (part) rib cages.
Jaguars have (part) sections.
Jaguars have (part) skulls.
Jaguars have (part) sterna.
Jaguars have (part) vacuoles.
Jaguars have a compact body, with a large broad head and powerful jaws.
Jaguars have a tawny coat with black markings that are larger and stockier than leopards.
Jaguars have a very powerful body.
Jaguars have black spots.
Jaguars have dark black spots.
Jaguars have dark spots.
Jaguars have distinctive spots.
Jaguars have enemies.
Jaguars have eyes.
Jaguars have fur.
Jaguars have habitats.
Jaguars have heads.
Jaguars have huge paws and a broad head with mighty strong jaws.
Jaguars have jaws.
Jaguars have keen sense of smell and hearing.
Jaguars have large round heads.
Jaguars have legs.
Jaguars have long tails.
Jaguars have loose skin.
Jaguars have natural enemies.
Jaguars have no real predators , other than humans.
Jaguars have one to four babies that live for about twelve to sixteen years.
Jaguars have places.
Jaguars have prey.
Jaguars have rough tongues.
Jaguars have round heads.
Jaguars have skin.
Jaguars have spots.
Jaguars have tails.
Jaguars have tawny fur.
Jaguars have the most powerful jaws of any cat, strong enough to crack sea turtle shells.
Jaguars have the strongest bite of any feline and the second-strongest bite of any mammal.
Jaguars have to rely more on their lefty.
Jaguars have tongues.
Jaguars have very good night vision and do most of their hunting on the ground at night.
Jaguars have yellow or yellow-orange fur with brown and black rosettes and spots .
Jaguars have yellow or yellow-orange fur with brown and black rosettes and spots.
Jaguars hunt animals.
Jaguars hunt their prey by stalking and ambushing rather than chasing it.
Jaguars hunt wild animals.
Jaguars kill prey.
Jaguars kill their prey by biting the victim's skull.
Jaguars like to live by water.
Jaguars live and hunt alone.
Jaguars live here, and brilliant blue butterflies the size of small birds.
Jaguars live in a suprisingly wide range of habitats.
Jaguars live in caves and canyons close to fresh water.
Jaguars live in Central and South America.
Jaguars live in dense tropical rain forests and swampy grasslands.
Jaguars live in either grasslands or rainforests.
Jaguars live in many environments.
Jaguars live in South America and range into Southern United States.
Jaguars live in South and Central America .
Jaguars live in South and Central America.
Jaguars live in the traditional den or in canyons.
Jaguars look muscular, have massive limbs, and have a deep chest.
Jaguars look very similar to leopards, but they behave more like tigers.
Jaguars love to swim in lakes and rivers.
Jaguars mainly live a solitary live.
Jaguars make their dens in caves, canyons, and even in the ruins of old buildings.
Jaguars mark territory.
Jaguars mate year-round.
Jaguars never rush into something.
Jaguars prefer wet lowland habitats, swampy savannas or tropical rain forests.
Jaguars protect themselves by hiding in bushes and on trees, or by running away.
Jaguars protect themselves by running away or hiding behind bushes.
Jaguars reach maturity.
Jaguars see less detail and color in daylight but have better vision at night.
Jaguars show preference.
Jaguars spend much of their time on the ground.
Jaguars stalk and ambush their pray.
Jaguars stalk prey.
Jaguars take turns shredding a paper bag filled with straw and scents.
Jaguars thrive in habitats.
Jaguars thrive in healthy habitats.
Jaguars use all tour legs to move across the ground.
Jaguars use caves, logs, and trees as shelter.
Jaguars use different kill methods.
Jaguars use different methods.
Jaguars use large paws.
Jaguars use methods.
Jaguars use paws.
Jaguars vary in color, from pale yellow to reddish brown with black spots which form rosettes.
Jaguars wave their tails over water to attract fish.
Jaguars often bury their prey after killing it, so that they can eat it later.
Jaguars often hide in caves.
Jaguars often prey on the agouti.
Jaguars usually have background fur that is orange-yellow in color.
More jaguars are killed as the demand for their fur increases.
Most jaguars eat dry food.
Most jaguars eat food.
Most jaguars get food.
Most jaguars grab prey.
Most jaguars have black spots.
Most jaguars have dark black spots.
Most jaguars have dark spots.
Most jaguars have enemies.
Most jaguars have eyes.
Most jaguars have fur.
Most jaguars have habitats.
Most jaguars have heads.
Most jaguars have jaws.
Most jaguars have large round heads.
Most jaguars have legs.
Most jaguars have long tails.
Most jaguars have loose skin.
Most jaguars have natural enemies.
Most jaguars have places.
Most jaguars have prey.
Most jaguars have rough tongues.
Most jaguars have round heads.
Most jaguars have skin.
Most jaguars have spots.
Most jaguars have tawny fur.
Most jaguars have tongues.
Most jaguars kill prey.
Most jaguars live in Central and South America.
Most jaguars reach maturity.
Most jaguars show preference.
Most jaguars thrive in habitats.
Most jaguars thrive in healthy habitats.
Most jaguars use different kill methods.
Most jaguars use different methods.
Most jaguars use large paws.
Most jaguars use methods.
Most jaguars use paws.
Some jaguars are all black.
Some jaguars are black with spots.
Some jaguars are even white.
Some jaguars attack livestock.
Some jaguars consume roots.
Some jaguars defend homes.
Some jaguars have expectancy.
Some jaguars have life expectancy.
Some jaguars have orange.
Some jaguars inhabit protect rainforests.
Some jaguars kill caimen.
Some jaguars kill horses.
Some jaguars kill tapirs.
Some jaguars live in zoos.
Some jaguars move through water.
Some jaguars survive extinction.
Some jaguars take down caimen.
Jaguarundi isa cat.
Jaguarundis have (part) brains.
Jaguarundis have (part) breasts.
Jaguarundis have (part) cell membranes.
Jaguarundis have (part) cells.
Jaguarundis have (part) chest cavities.
Jaguarundis have (part) chests.
Jaguarundis have (part) corpi.
Jaguarundis have (part) cytoplasm.
Jaguarundis have (part) ears.
Jaguarundis have (part) faces.
Jaguarundis have (part) heads.
Jaguarundis have (part) nuclei.
Jaguarundis have (part) pads.
Jaguarundis have (part) paws.
Jaguarundis have (part) piluses.
Jaguarundis have (part) plasma membranes.
Jaguarundis have (part) rib cages.
Jaguarundis have (part) sections.
Jaguarundis have (part) skulls.
Jaguarundis have (part) sterna.
Jaguarundis have (part) vacuoles.
Jaguarundis have ears.
Most jaguarundis have ears.
Some jaguarundis are killed by farmers.
Jail cells are part of prisons.
Most jail cells are part of prisons.
Jail food is simple.
Jail officers to assess conditions.
Jail officers to assess medical conditions.
Jail sentences are a last resort.
Jail sentences are common in environmental crimes cases.
Jail staff follow protocols.
Jail time is a possibility, and modification of a key forestry law is being contemplated.
Jail time is also an option.
Jail time is increasingly common.
Jail time is involved.
Jail time is mandatory.
Jail time is part of it, too.
Jail time is possible but unlikely.
Jail time is possible.
More jail time looks likely.
A jail is a correctional institution
Jail accounts and financial records.
Jail isa structure.
Jail rules only permit two visitors per inmate for each visitation session.
Jails also hold some prison inmates in an effort to reduce the crowding in prisons.
Jails also lack sufficient medical personnel, especially physicians.
Jails are a blight on the community.
Jails are also under construction.
Jails are also where people stay until they appear in court or have a bond hearing.
Jails are always full.
Jails are basically warehouses for people that have committed crimes.
Jails are closed.
Jails are correctional facilities.
Jails are correctional institutions.
Jails are for misdemeanor offenses and short-term stays and sentences up to one year.
Jails are for people to pay dues and to keep threats to society away from society.
Jails are for people who break the law.
Jails are full of irresponsible people with low self-esteem who blame others for their predicament.
Jails are full of little people who have done far less.
Jails are full.
Jails are generally clean, quiet, and inmates are calm and compliant.
Jails are hell holes, notoriously overcrowded and neglected.
Jails are ideally places for reforming criminals.
Jails are like hospital wards.
Jails are never a popular issue and quite often a difficult issue to bring before the public.
Jails are over- crowded, and the expense is high for the taxpayer.
Jails are overcrowded as well.
Jails are overcrowded.
Jails are packed and more are being built.
Jails are prisons.
Jails are the last stop.
Jails are used for criminals.
Jails are used for punishment.
Jails are very frightening places.
Jails do much more than simply house prisoners.
Jails have (part) bases.
Jails have (part) sections.
Jails have a short average length of stay .
Jails have locks.
Jails hold both men and women and, if they are abiding by the law, never house juveniles.
Jails hold facilities.
Jails hold individuals who are awaiting trial or are serving short sentences .
Jails just warehouse people.
Jails now are very old.
Jails operate work release programs, boot camps, and other specialized services.
Jails provide treatments.
Jails rank below water and sewer lines in popularity.
Jails require sensible floor plans, and quality components and construction.
Jails typically house unsentenced individuals and people serving sentences of a year or less.
Jails often depend upon their own tactical teams to deal with disorders.
All jails look about the same, lots of concrete and metal.
Every jail has a separate section for juvenile delinquents.
Many jails also staff a transport unit with a handful of deputies to facilitate inmate movement.
Many jails are crowded, understaffed, and are lacking adequate funding.
Many jails now provide vegetarian meals.
Many jails now utilize the latest detection sensors, video surveillance, and computer technology.
Most jails hold facilities.
Most jails lack the resources to do adequate and timely screening for mental health problems.
Most jails offer little or no recreational or rehabilitative programs.
Most jails provide treatments.
Some jails are considerably over capacity.
Some jails have impact.
Some jails have specific staff assigned to placement of persons being released.
Some jails permit condoms but the spread of viral disease is still a major concern.
Some jails provide a smoke-free environment, continuing education, and a good library.
Some jails report death.
A jailbreak is an escape
Jailbreak continues the eternal battle between the reds vs. the blues.
Jailbreak is also compatible with four-way adapters to increase competitions among gamers.
Jailbreak is ok.
Jailbreak is too old already.
A jailer is a keeper
A jailer is a lawman
Jailer isa defender.
Jailer isa guardian.
Jailers are also in charge of serving food to the inmates.
Jailers are faceless, cruel, and distant.
Jailers are human, too.
Jailers are located in jails.
Jailers believe they've found the key to keeping inmates behind bars in Bristol County.
Jailers claim the injuries resulted from a suicide attempt.
Jailers do jobs.
Jailers do perform some clerical duties as part of their regular duties.
Jailers do periodic checks on the inmates to ensure no problems exist.
Jailers escort the inmates to court when required.
Jailers have (part) arms.
Jailers have (part) body substances.
Jailers have (part) cell membranes.
Jailers have (part) cells.
Jailers have (part) corpi.
Jailers have (part) cytoplasm.
Jailers have (part) heads.
Jailers have (part) human bodies.
Jailers have (part) legs.
Jailers have (part) material bodies.
Jailers have (part) necks.
Jailers have (part) nuclei.
Jailers have (part) personality.
Jailers have (part) plasma membranes.
Jailers have (part) sections.
Jailers have (part) vacuoles.
Jailers provide safety.
Most jailers do jobs.
Most jailers provide safety.
Some jailers receive trains.
Jailhouse informants have an agenda.
Jaimal story is excellent and very moving.
Jaina contribution is noteworthy.
Jainist worship is thus little more than a veneration of a few saints and heroes of the past.
A jalapeno is a chile
Jalapeno spoonbread with chevre.
Jalapenos are chili.
Jalapenos are dark green and turn red when over-ripe.
More jalapenos add an additional burst of excitement.
Some jalapenos are devilishly hot, so be careful.
Most jam bands can jump from style to style, which is very freeing musically.
Most jam bands display a great willingness to experiment stylistically and improvisationally.
Most jam bands play a song, tinker around and end it.
Jam is bands.
Jam is condiments.
Jam is conserve.
Jam is located in jars.
Jam is located in refrigerators.
Jam is preserves
Jam is spread.
Jam isa delicacy.
Jam isa goody.
Jams are for beginners as well as experts.
Jams are fun.
JAMS are one to two hour discussion sessions on a particular topic dealing with Latin America.
Jams are rare, and the paper path can be easily cleared.
Jams are the time to make mistakes.
Jams come in lots of different colours, though.
Jams contain fruit pulp or pieces of fruit, which tend to stick to the kettle during cooking.
Jams give young artists a chance to play before an audience.
Jams make great glazes for meats.
JAMS now opens Registration of individual and institutional subscribers.
Jams take off in surprising directions that are highly danceable and energetic.
Jams tend to hold their shape but are generally less firm than jelly.
Jams tend to hold their shape but generally are less firm than jelly.
All jams are subject to change, so it is a good idea to call and confirm all dates.
Most jams are cooked.
Most jams feature a guest artist or band.
Some jam is made of strawberries.
Some jams can be long, boring and repetitive.
Jamaica has (part) Jamaican capital.
Jamaica isa thing.
Jamaican agriculture faces significant opportunities in overseas markets.
Jamaican bananas are plentiful, flavorful and grow almost all year round.
Jamaican bats have brown fur.
Jamaican bats have fur.
Most jamaican bats have brown fur.
Most jamaican bats have fur.
Some jamaican bats feed on bananas.
Jamaican birds are wonderful and amazing.
Jamaican boas seek out prey.
Most jamaican boas seek out prey.
Jamaican capital is part of Jamaica.
Most Jamaican capital is part of Jamaica.
Jamaican cars are right-hand drive owing to the fact that their driving lanes are reversed.
Jamaican cigars are rich in flavor yet mild in taste.
Jamaican cigars are second to none.
Jamaican citizens live in absolute fear of the police and soldiers.
Jamaican coffee is a story of extremes.
Jamaican coffee is popular.
Jamaican coffees have a winey, hearty taste and a strong aroma.
Jamaican colloquialism is uniquely descriptive and frequently imbued with biblical references.
Jamaican communities exist in most large UK cities.
Jamaican cooking is some of the finest in the world.
Jamaican cuisine is varied.
Jamaican culture is alive and well in Toronto and can be maintained without much difficulty.
Jamaican dogwood is another favorite.
Jamaican dollars are the official currency, but U.S. dollars are widely accepted.
Jamaican drivers are neither the most cautious nor the most courteous in the world.
Jamaican families believe in lavish weddings.
Jamaican fathers are mindful of their daughters.
Jamaican food is a mix, anyway, with influences from India, Africa, Europe and China.
Jamaican food is generally very spicy.
Jamaican fruit bats have brown fur.
Jamaican fruit bats have fur.
Jamaican ginger is considered the best variety.
Jamaican honey is rather slow of sale.
Jamaican iguanas feed on flowers.
Most jamaican iguanas feed on flowers.
Jamaican law prohibits any child from being held in police custody for more than twenty-four hours.
Jamaican law provides for the right to form or join a trade union.
Jamaican men are known for having more than one partner at a time.
Jamaican music comes from an African foundation, influenced by the music of Europe.
Jamaican music is available on CDs or cassette tapes.
Jamaican nurses are tough hombres.
Jamaican parents are by nature very strict.
Jamaican patois is a dialect created by a colorful mix of languages.
Jamaican sliders are freshwater turtles of moderate size.
Jamaican trees provide much of U.S. supply.
Jamaican unions maintain a wide variety of regional and international affiliations.
Jamaican waters are great for dep water fishing.
Jamaican waters contain considerable resources of fresh-and saltwater fish.
Jamaican waters refresh and cool.
Jamaican women are groomed to handle their households in an effective manner.
Jamaican has (part) arms.
Jamaican has (part) body substances.
Jamaican has (part) cell membranes.
Jamaican has (part) cells.
Jamaican has (part) corpi.
Jamaican has (part) cytoplasm.
Jamaican has (part) heads.
Jamaican has (part) human bodies.
Jamaican has (part) legs.
Jamaican has (part) material bodies.
Jamaican has (part) necks.
Jamaican has (part) nuclei.
Jamaican has (part) personality.
Jamaican has (part) plasma membranes.
Jamaican has (part) sections.
Jamaican has (part) vacuoles.
Jamaican isa dweller.
Jamaican isa inhabitant.
Jamboree isa diversion.
Jamboree isa recreation.
A jammer is a sender
Jammers are sensors.
Jammers are transmitters.
Jammers are where the technology is going.
Jammers can decrease the accuracy of enemy torpedoes.
Jammers come in many different flavors.
Jammers is a group who enjoy making music together.
Jammers is ideal for married couples as well as singles.
Jammers use public art to snap weary commuters out of their urban trance.
All jammers welcome.
Most jammers feature several modes of operation and several modulation types.
Jammu region are likely to vote in favour of India.
Jampacked site features forums and links.
Jan has (part) calendar weeks.
Jan isa month.
Jananese page is here .
Jangly jewelry distracts.
A janissary is a follower
Janissaries are created.
A janitor is a custodian
Janitor isa keeper.
Janitors also ring the bell at the conclusion of each lecture.
Janitors are awesome.
Janitors are custodians.
Janitors are employees.
Janitors are located in schools.
Janitors are unskilled workers.
Janitors clean up afterwards.
Janitors do it on the floor with wax and clean up afterwards.
Janitors get free lunch.
Janitors get lunch.
Janitors have (part) arms.
Janitors have (part) body substances.
Janitors have (part) cell membranes.
Janitors have (part) cells.
Janitors have (part) corpi.
Janitors have (part) cytoplasm.
Janitors have (part) heads.
Janitors have (part) human bodies.
Janitors have (part) legs.
Janitors have (part) material bodies.
Janitors have (part) necks.
Janitors have (part) nuclei.
Janitors have (part) personality.
Janitors have (part) plasma membranes.
Janitors have (part) sections.
Janitors have (part) vacuoles.
Janitors have a thankless job no matter where they are.
Janitors learn on jobs.
Janitors now mix cleaning liquids from five-gallon containers.
Janitors now report strange sightings.
Janitors polish the floors every day, twice when it rains.
Janitors ratify contract.
Janitors remove trash and recyclables every other day.
Janitors use water hoses to clean the urine and feces left on the metal-frame beds they sleep on.
Janitors often handle the cleaning of the outside of a building as well.
Janitors often use powerful chemicals to clean the classroom.
Janitors usually work without direct supervision.
Many janitors rely on city-funded health care services.
Most janitors get free lunch.
Most janitors get lunch.
Most janitors learn on jobs.
Most janitors learn their skills on the job.
Most janitors take their chances and use the public hospitals when they, or their children are sick.
Some janitors cause death.
Some janitors specialize in one part of the work, such as window cleaning.
Some janitors work full time.
Some janitors work time.
Janitorial service is only available for offices, restrooms, and tiled floors.
Janitorial service is provided five times weekly.
Janitorial service is provided.
Janitorial services are optional.
Janitorial services generate most of the revenue for the industry.
Janitorial services Provide liaison between building janitors and area janitorial supervisors.
Janitorial services rely on computer programs to create work schedules.
Janitorial staff are vigilant about weighing trash to keep on track with recycling goals.
Janitorial staff cleans the hall each day.
Many jann bands are nomadic, traveling with herds of camels, goats, or sheep from oasis to oasis.
January has (part) calendar weeks.
January isa month.
Japan Japan confounds all expectations, except for the expense of visiting it.
Japan Japan consumes the most shrimp per capita of any nation in the world.
Japan Japan goes to war with Russia.
Japan Japan is a country rich in heritage and deep rooted beliefs.
Japan Japan is a country very interested in the tastes of America.
Japan Japan is a media-rich country.
Japan Japan is an island country in the North Pacific Ocean.
Japan Japan is an island nation situated off the east coast of the Asian continent.
Japan Japan is both an adventure and an education.
Japan Japan is the largest export market for New Zealand's horticultural products.
Japan Japan starts the game in a much less tenuous position.
Japan today appears to be slowly climbing out of a decade of recession.
Japan today is on the defensive.
Japan today is one of the most highly urbanized countries in the world.
Japan today lacks vitality.
A japan is lacquer
Japan abounds in volcanoes, including about one tenth of the world's active ones.
Japan accepts the provisions of the Potsdam Declaration and agrees to surrender.
Japan accounts for about three-fourths of the company's sales.
Japan accounts for about two thirds of the entire Asian economy.
Japan accounts for almost half of all new registrations of cars and commercial vehicles in Asia.
Japan accounts for more than half the output of the region.
Japan accounts for most of the company's sales.
Japan accounts for nearly half of French sales in Asia.
Japan accounts for nearly half of sales.
Japan accounts for only about one percent of Kazakhstan's trade.
Japan accounts for over three-fourths of the company's sales.
Japan accounts for two thirds of the entire economy of Asia.
Japan acquires civilization.
Japan actually has a rich tradition of leadership .
Japan admits aid link to votes.
Japan adopts a two-tier quota system for the import of leather footwear.
Japan adopts a two-tier quota system for the import of leather shoes.
Japan adopts Chinese written characters.
Japan allows a six-month grace period after events such as publication.
Japan alone conducts a multi-billion dollar assistance program directed to Brazil's savanna zone.
Japan alone is second only to the United States in number of Internet users.
Japan alone represents two thirds of the gross national product of East Asia.
Japan already has a marketplace and is already making money.
Japan already has government budget problems.
Japan already has interest rates that in real terms approximate to zero.
Japan already has more than a hundred high-tech, broadband communications experiments in place.
Japan already has one of the ten largest military budgets in the world.
Japan already has one of the world's oldest populations.
Japan already has plenty of unemployed workers and idle industrial and commercial space.
Japan already holds the record as the world's most indebted government.
Japan also conducts research on protected areas.
Japan also continues to buy arms because of very real military threats from North Korea.
Japan also continues to wrestle with deflation.
Japan also contributes to multilateral assistance projects.
Japan also declares war on Germany.
Japan also denies that it is buying votes.
Japan also employs a Slovenian coach for technique and an Austrian coach for waxing.
Japan also encourages and supports the efforts of non-governmental organizations around the world.
Japan also faces numerous problems on the domestic front.
Japan also furnishes materials and techniques for the construction of harbours.
Japan also has a large aging population which presents good future opportunities.
Japan also has a much lower breast cancer and prostate cancer death rate than any other country.
Japan also has a number of friendship groups that sponsor private visits.
Japan also has a thriving folk tradition.
Japan also has a tradition of corporate racketeers, the sokaiya, who hold companies to ransom.
Japan also has an Antarctic meteorite facility.
Japan also has issues with animals originally imported as pets.
Japan also has many small businesses.
Japan also has millions.
Japan also has much higher rainfall.
Japan also has no points from two games and also goes out with a game to play.
Japan also has one of the most efficient transportation systems in the world.
Japan also has swift punishment for criminals, as do other Asian nations.
Japan also has the highest incidence of stomach cancer in the world.
Japan also has the potential to play a leading role in the international society.
Japan also has three levels of education.
Japan also has traditions which can serve as an example to other people and nations.
Japan also has various aspects.
Japan also holds many, many photo contests.
Japan also hosts major conferences, exhibitions and trade shows such as the Tokyo Motor Show.
Japan also implements cooperative wildlife protection projects with several developing countries.
Japan also imports a considerable amount of Icelandic horse meat each year.
Japan also imports sizeable volumes of Canadian malting barley in the form of malt.
Japan also intends to make even greater efforts toward initiating negotiations on that treaty.
Japan also intends to strengthen such partnership through South-South Cooperation.
Japan also is a potential market for high-tech products, furniture, lumber, soy, and feed products.
Japan also is deeply in debt.
Japan also makes buses, trucks, ships, and other transport vehicles.
Japan also needs to display a greater understanding of and concern for the environment.
Japan also owns Chosen or Korea.
Japan also pays a signifigant part of the defense costs here.
Japan also plays a key role in the security of the region.
Japan also produces excellent green teas.
Japan also professes to adhere to a policy of national treatment for financial services firms.
Japan also provide s appropriate assistance to Russia's reform in coordination with other countries.
Japan also provides huge amounts of foreign assistance in support of regional security.
Japan also provides vital additional resources.
Japan also remains a big part of U.S. trade.
Japan also remains behind much of the world in matters of wildlife conservation.
Japan also says that whales are destroying valuable fish stocks.
Japan also supports U.S. efforts to improve relations with North Korea.
Japan also thinks national food security is a good idea.
Japan also urges the ethnic Albanian extremists to abandon violent measures.
Japan also uses cost for valuation.
Japan altogether looks, deregulation has economic benefits but social dangers.
Japan amends rules for tax-free reorganizations.
Japan announces the capture of Nanning, the Chinese capital at the time.
Japan apparently has the firmest opposition to North Korea's missile deployment.
Japan appears mis-shaped.
Japan appears to be a wealthy and peaceful nation.
Japan appears to be following in their footsteps.
Japan appears to be slipping back into recession.
Japan appears to have expressed some sincerity in offering the apology.
Japan appears to have the edge.
Japan applies special measures based on long-term rescheduling.
Japan appreciates the efforts of Pakistan to mediate among the factions concerned in Cambodia.
Japan approves new nuclear plant.
Japan arguably has the most reciprocal relationship in the world with the United States.
Japan argues that whales are hunted as part of programme for scientific research purposes.
Japan attaches importance to the implementation of the following activities.
Japan attacks Pearl Harbor , and the United States enters World War II .
Japan attacks Pearl Harbor .
Japan attacks Pearl Harbor in Hawaii.
Japan attacks Pearl Harbor, but Atlantic City remains calm.
Japan attacks Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
Japan attacks Pearl Harbor.
Japan averages a five percent rate.
Japan awaits official word Japan is still waiting for official word of the curbs.
Japan bans emigration to Canada at the request of Canadian government.
Japan bases the price ofnew drugs on the cost of similar new drugs.
Japan bears a responsibility to make an apology and to repair the damage it caused.
Japan becomes Mecca for venture capitalists.
Japan becomes world's largest aid donor and overseas investor.
Japan begin with the last stage of the expedition to Middle-China.
Japan begins massive purchase of American land and corporations.
Japan begins to have normal relations with China.
Japan begins trading advanced technology with China.
Japan being the leading e-commerce nation in Asia has a substantial number of internet users.
Japan believes that drug abuse is actually a health issue rather than a criminal issue.
Japan believes that it is vital to incorporate a people-centered focus into development.
Japan benefits from a strong interest in space activities by the giants of industry.
Japan blasts Australia on whale haven plan.
Japan blasts whale sanctuary, Greenpeace ban fails .
Japan boasts many traditional celebrations, with lavish parades and colorful costumes.
Japan boasts some of the oldest musical instruments in the world.
Japan bombs Pearl Harbor.
Japan bombs Singapore.
Japan brings a whole new edge to dispensing goods through a box.
Japan builds great roads, fishing ports, islands and other public-works projects that nobody needs.
Japan buys more American exports than the United Kingdom, Germany and Italy combined.
Japan buys more U.S. food exports than any other country.
Japan buys more U.S. goods than France, Germany, and Italy combined.
Japan buys much of the fish and timber exported by the country.
Japan buys raw materials and sells finished products the world over.
Japan calls a record high.
Japan calls for effective response to humanitarian crises and disasters.
Japan calls on both countries to exercise restraint and come to immediate ceasefire.
Japan can act as an important link to other Asian markets.
Japan can also gain from America's experience in transparency and corporate governance.
Japan can also make a substantial contribution toward environmental issues.
Japan can do no right and China can do no wrong.
Japan can do the same.
Japan can get very wet at times.
Japan can make a significant contribution to the world, but the process has to begin at home.
Japan can make many adjustments to ease the burden.
Japan can never recover until the yen- dollar rate is permanently stabilized.
Japan can no longer afford such a chaotic political situation.
Japan can no longer impose a higher tax on our alcoholic beverages than they do for their own.
Japan can no longer use conventional monetary and fiscal policies to get the economy moving.
Japan can produce nuclear weapons in three months.
Japan captures Bataan .
Japan catches the Internet wave.
Japan changes emperors.
Japan chips away at Chile's forests.
Japan cites the higher U.S. rate of prison violence to stress their facilities' effectiveness.
Japan claims that the whaling is for scientific purposes, but the whale meat is sold as a delicacy.
Japan claims whales are plentiful, responsible for low fish catches.
Japan clearly subscribes to the latter view.
Japan -Click here to learn more about Japan.
Japan colonizes Taiwan.
Japan Comes in carrying bag.
Japan comes next in producing and consuming paper and cardboards.
Japan comes next to China as a pheasant country and there are some in India.
Japan comes to mind.
Japan Comes to the Heartland .
Japan commands a major share of the auto parts market in Singapore.
Japan completes capture of Burma and reaches India.
Japan condemns any act of provocation, any form of violence and excessive use of arms.
Japan condemns such a dastardly act.
Japan congratulates South Africa for another great step forward towards genuine democracy.
Japan conquers Manchuria.
Japan conquers the Philippines.
Japan consequently boasts top-quality casual brands for the young.
Japan considers it important to adopt a human-centered approach to development.
Japan considers it truly deplorable that such an incident was caused by the North Korean side.
Japan considers limited partnership as a new investment vehicle.
Japan considers marijuana possession a serious offense.
Japan considers the relationship with Saudi Arabia as very important.
Japan consistently has crime levels which are much lower and hold steady over time.
Japan consists of an archipelago extending approximately from northeast to southwest.
Japan consists of four islands.
Japan consists of many islands.
Japan consists of thousands of islands, many of which are too small for people to live.
Japan consumes almost as much paper as China, a country with nearly ten times as many people.
Japan consumes nearly all tortoiseshell in international trade.
Japan continues economic stagnation.
Japan continues to be a central part of Australia s future.
Japan continues to be a fast-growing market for wireless communications.
Japan continues to be a major target for Oregon agricultural exports, beef is no exception.
Japan continues to be key source of foreign investment.
Japan continues to be one of the top three markets for foreign tourists to Canada.
Japan continues to be our top export client with South Korea and Canada ranking second and third.
Japan continues to be Queensland s number one trading partner.
Japan continues to be the leading clam meat importer, but orders from Taiwan have begun to pick up.
Japan continues to be the top U.S. market for canned sweet corn.
Japan continues to be weak and the financial crisis hit the rest of the world hard.
Japan continues to borrow in order to fund temporary stimulus packages.
Japan continues to experience troubled times.
Japan continues to fascinate.
Japan continues to give full support to Yemen's democratic transformation.
Japan continues to refuse imports of U.S. beef and other food products.
Japan continues to seek their deletion from the text of the UN Charter.
Japan continues to whale, saying the catch goes for scientific research.
Japan continues to withhold development assistance to Iran.
Japan controls the prices of prescription drugs and also their availability.
Japan counters that electric rods are used to hasten the whale's death.
Japan create a stronger and more dynamic financial system.
Japan currently has an economy which is only slowly emerging from recession.
Japan currently has one reactor under construction and four units planned.
Japan currently represents a quarter of Hawaii's tourism industry.
Japan currently stands at a major crossroads.
Japan cute All of the photographs on exhibition are for sale.
Japan declares five-year plan to double genome research funds.
Japan defeats China in the Battle of Pyongyang.
Japan defends whaling.
Japan definitely wins the most improved award.
Japan demonstrates a strong commitment to the professional development of teachers.
Japan denies market access of competitive American products to protect infant industries.
Japan denies whale sanctuary bribery claim.
Japan Describes the history, geography, economy and people of Japan.
Japan deserves to be a more popular tourist destination than it actually is.
Japan designs and produces a surprisingly impressive array of military hardware.
Japan destroys Dutch-American naval force.
Japan disappears from the face of the earth due to violent tectonic activity.
Japan does - but Japan's in denial.
Japan does comparatively well.
Japan does have a complex street layout, especially in the big cities.
Japan does have a large and growing nursing-care industry.
Japan does some things quite well.
Japan dominates the mobile commerce race.
Japan dominates the world's largest list with eight, while France lays claim to three.
Japan draws a second in the back of the house, Canada has to draw for one.
Japan draws a second in the house.
Japan drives on the left, just like the UK, so of course cars in Japan are all right hand drive.
Japan emerges as world power.
Japan emerges from feudalism.
Japan emerges from years of recession as an economic powerhouse.
Japan emphasizes the nurturing aspects of family life.
Japan enacts new earnings-stripping legislation.
Japan enacts tax reform measures to stimulate sluggish economy.
Japan encourages early diagnosis by means of mass-screening and treatment of early stage cancer.
Japan ends funding for 'cold' fusion project.
Japan enjoys similar goodwill with Africa.
Japan enters a period of extreme isolation but also of peace.
Japan enters an age of peace and national isolation.
Japan especially has pride on the line.
Japan establishes diplomatic relations with The People's Republic of China.
Japan excuses the slaughter as scientific research.
Japan exhibits all the male-dominant Asian attitudes.
Japan expands economic base within Asia and the Pacific.
Japan expect to pick their first women's national team next year.
Japan expects all primary classes to use computers in three years' time.
Japan expects the discussions on human rights to be deepened and developed by the symposium.
Japan expects the discussions on human rights to be deepened and developed in the symposium.
Japan expels N Korean leader's 'son' . . .
Japan experiences many earthquake tremors yearly.
Japan experiences many earthquakes.
Japan experiences some of the worst weather on the planet.
Japan extends condolences to the bereaved families and wishes for early recovery of the injured.
Japan extends in an elongated shape from north to south and has complicated geographical features.
Japan extends Rs.
Japan faces a futon mouse plague.
Japan faces a multitrillion-dollar government debt.
Japan faces a particularly vicious era of negative population growth.
Japan faces some challenges in the years ahead as it restructures to regain forward momentum.
Japan faces the same sclerotic problems that confront some other advanced economies.
Japan finances projects to improve water supply in Egypt.
Japan finishes fifth.
Japan finishes up against Switzerland while Scotland and the U.S. face each other.
Japan focuses on the disabled.
Japan focuses on trade and regulatory issues.
Japan forbids vertical bulkheads.
Japan formally annexes Korea .
Japan formally annexes Korea.
Japan formally declares war on the U.S. after the attack.
Japan formally surrenders to China.
Japan formally surrenders.
Japan fosters loyalty to school and society, and encourages both cooperation and competitiveness.
Japan gets a special mention because it heads the list of importers of animal parts.
Japan gets large amounts.
Japan gets richer and unhappier.
Japan gets round restriction.
Japan gets the single largest bloc.
Japan gives early evidence of how similar technology is appropriated in a different culture.
Japan Gives some insight on the Japanese people and culture.
Japan gives the greatest amount.
Japan Go to homepage.
Japan happens to be the third largest defense in the world.
Japan has .
Japan has a bad reputation for throwing money at relief missions, but providing very few personnel.
Japan has a broad reach, tentacles into all other countries and banking systems.
Japan has a certain amount of influence in Asia.
Japan has a chance of winning medals in synchronized swimming, both duet and team.
Japan has a child-kidnapping problem.
Japan has a deeply artistic culture that dates back for thousands of years.
Japan has a different sort of economy, but it showed the dangers of general price deflation.
Japan has a firefighting squirrel.
Japan has a formal and classic cuisine that is a delight for the eye.
Japan has a framework to deal with all environmental and conservation issues.
Japan has a good chance of making an impact on our churches and the entire population.
Japan has a great tradition of storytelling and hence a plethora of mythical creatures.
Japan has a highly educated, highly literate population and a rising standard of living.
Japan has a highly regulated, highly insulated system.
Japan has a history of changing directions fairly quickly and dramatically.
Japan has a huge current account surplus.
Japan has a hydrogen highway , as part of the Japan hydrogen fuel cell project .
Japan has a large trade surplus and is a capital surplus country.
Japan has a larger population than Canada in a smaller space.
Japan has a long history in superconductivity research.
Japan has a long history of beliefs that foreign religions seek to undermine Japan.
Japan has a long history of defying international whaling laws.
Japan has a long history of distorting truth to fit their needs.
Japan has a long history of trading with China, which in turn sent ships as far as Africa.
Japan has a long road to travel.
Japan has a long tradition of gardens inspired by Chinese and Korean models.
Japan has a long tradition of producing quality animation.
Japan has a long tradition of spider-fighting, dating back hundreds of years.
Japan has a long way to go.
Japan has a lot of diversity within itself.
Japan has a lot of fun, tasty snacks in colorful boxes.
Japan has a lot of unique culture.
Japan has a lot to do.
Japan has a massive trade surplus.
Japan has a much better infrastructure for the Net than all of Asia.
Japan has a much higher cancer death rate for men than for women.
Japan has a parliamentary cabinet system of government like Britain and Canada.
Japan has a parliamentary cabinet system, in which executive power is vested in the cabinet.
Japan has a payment acceptance service for products and services purchased from Web merchants.
Japan has a population of one hundred million concentrated on several large islands.
Japan has a prosperous and well-developed economy largely based on manufacturing and services.
Japan has a PTA for each school.
Japan has a quarter block over the minority on most issues.
Japan has a rapidly aging population, along with the longest life expectancy in the world.
Japan has a reputation for stringent import regulations and procedures.
Japan has a rich tradition of ethological research on primates.
Japan has a secret nuclear submarine armed with ballistic missiles.
Japan has a serious problem.
Japan has a short history of cultural administration.
Japan has a similar deal.
Japan has a similar project under way.
Japan has a six-week summer, but students are required to do math homework every weekday.
Japan has a smaller back-arc region behind it than the areas to the south.
Japan has a strong and keen interest to secure a nuclear-free Unified Korea.
Japan has a strong economic interest in utilizing fast-breeder reactors.
Japan has a strong interest in the peace and stability of the Korean Peninsula.
Japan has a team in the final for the second consecutive year.
Japan has a tight government-industry cooperation, within the framework of a market economy.
Japan has a very limited track record in the pursuit of dumping cases.
Japan has a very real case showing just such a problem.
Japan has a very strong seaweed market.
Japan has all conditions for undertaking a war of overseas aggression.
Japan has all kinds of restaurants serving western dishes as well as native Japanese ones.
Japan has all technical conditions for nuclear weaponization.
Japan has already abandoned the treaty deadline in private, Japanese reports say.
Japan has an aggression culture .
Japan has an ample supply of both.
Japan has an ancient culture with a celebrated theater in which actors play female roles.
Japan has an average of thirty seven students per class.
Japan has an educational system of almost the same pattern.
Japan has an efficient transport system linking the major cities and the separate islands.
Japan has an exclusive anime based on the first seven volumes of the manga .
Japan has an exclusive anime based on the first seven volumes of the manga.
Japan has an extra axe to grind.
Japan has an incredibly large temporary worker unit and lost staff.
Japan has an official list of non-harmful organisms.
Japan has big advantages in that.
Japan has by far the highest exposure to the region of the developed countries.
Japan has deflation.
Japan has different rules, different logic, and different culture.
Japan has endless conflict over whaling rights.
Japan has etiquette about 'tatamiberi'.
Japan has every reason, therefore, to work to develop even closer ties with the United States.
Japan has every right to react.
Japan has excellent telecommunications and transportation.
Japan has expensive racing and big stakes.
Japan has fabulous savers and their economy has been in the pits for years.
Japan has few illusions about either North Korea or China being friendly Asian partners.
Japan has few natural resources of their own, but they had a great army and navy.
Japan has few natural resources.
Japan has first grade through sixthgrade.
Japan has forsworn nuclear arms and forbids arms sales abroad.
Japan has four distinct seasons.
Japan has four exact seasons.
Japan has four main islands running from north to south.
Japan has four seasons.
Japan has good relations with Madagascar, mainly in economic cooperation and exchange programs.
Japan has great interest in the peace and stability of the Korean Peninsula.
Japan has great opportunities for people who love the outdoors.
Japan has great potential for Hawaii products, services and investments.
Japan has great social capital and can keep things like crime down.
Japan has great wealth, unparalleled public safety, and high levels of technology and education.
Japan has high culture, popular culture, revival culture, export and import culture.
Japan has huge foreign reserves and a current-account surplus.
Japan has huge investments there.
Japan has hundreds of ski resorts.
Japan has hungry electronics market.
Japan has in mind five years.
Japan has intense parental involvement.
Japan has junior colleges of acupuncture.
Japan has limited processing new project assistance.
Japan has little domestic coal and no oil.
Japan has little option but to tolerate a weaker yen to kick-start the economy.
Japan has long history like England.
Japan has lowest teen birth rate.
Japan has many different train companies that run to different places.
Japan has many inlets.
Japan has many landraces, and fewer cultivars produced by plant breeding.
Japan has many major farming operations, most of which are involved in ocean enhancement.
Japan has many more animated series in the can.
Japan has many nuclear plants.
Japan has many rice fields.
Japan has many teachers because they do a system like our intermediate and high schools.
Japan has many traditional sports such as sumo , judo , karate , and kendo .
Japan has many traditional sports such as sumo, judo, karate, and kendo.
Japan has many traditional sports such as sumo, judo, karate, taido and kendo.
Japan has more Internet-enabled phones than the rest of the world combined, analysts say.
Japan has much smaller houses so audio output there is small.
Japan has much to learn from the culture which has nurtured Hebrew.
Japan has neither.
Japan has no allies.
Japan has no appropriate disposal facilities.
Japan has no defense against such North Korean or Chinese weapons.
Japan has no diplomatic relations with North Korea.
Japan has no diplomatic relations with Taiwan.
Japan has no domestic coal or oil.
Japan has no export restrictions on such encryption devices.
Japan has no known drug-related corruption.
Japan has no manufacturing free trade zones.
Japan has no public auction market and no public forum for establishing art prices.
Japan has no sense of direction or pride.
Japan has no statute to specifically criminalize sexual slavery.
Japan has no such hangups.
Japan has numerous large and well-diversified technology companies.
Japan has numerous volcanoes, about two hundred, and many earthquakes.
Japan has one of the highest percentages of single people in the world.
Japan has one of the highest rates in the world.
Japan has one of the largest and most-open pornography industries in the world.
Japan has one of the largest economies in the world.
Japan has one of the largest nuclear power industries in the world.
Japan has one of the largest systems of private higher education in the world.
Japan has one of the lowest criminal rates in the world.
Japan has one of the most accepted cultures in America.
Japan has one of the most advanced domestic ivory trade control systems in the region.
Japan has one of the most developed and lucrative mobile markets in the world.
Japan has one of the oldest societies on earth - and is trying to encourage parenthood.
Japan has one of the oldest societies on earth and is trying to encourage parenthood.
Japan has one of the smallest tax rates in the developed world.
Japan has one of the strongest business economies on the world trade scene.
Japan has one of the world's highest suicide rates.
Japan has one of the world's most highly developed transportation systems.
Japan has one of the world's narrowest gaps between the rich and the poor.
Japan has one of the worst records for foreign aid.
Japan has one-fifth the population of the United States.
Japan has only one-twentieth as many lawyers per capita as the United States.
Japan has over four hundred varieties of cherry trees.
Japan has plenty to entertain throughout the year but summer and autumn are particularly exciting.
Japan has policies in place that aim at reducing the country's stocks over time.
Japan has relatively minor numbers of livestock and is a net importer of beef and pork.
Japan has serious internal problems, but it doesn t have a foreign exchange crisis.
Japan has seven types of visa, including two types of visa for short-term stays.
Japan has similar constraints.
Japan has similar interests in balancing out the global economic system.
Japan has some of the finest Buddhist temple architecture in East Asia, especially in Kyoto.
Japan has some of the most advanced technologies for developing deep sectors of the Caspian Sea.
Japan has some of the world's most dramatic new architecture.
Japan has some of the world's toughest gun control laws, and shootings are relatively rare.
Japan has strict building codes and regularly have earthquake drills.
Japan has strict drug laws, and marijuana use is relatively uncommon.
Japan has strict import regulations.
Japan has such a custom.
Japan has such a rich culture and the people are extremely friendly.
Japan has surrendered, the war is over.
Japan has territorial claims to Russia.
Japan has that thing about sitting on desks, too.
Japan has the best sushi.
Japan has the capacity to make a tremendous recovery.
Japan has the cutest and oddest snacks available.
Japan has the dubious distinction of being one of the most seismically active regions of the world.
Japan has the fastest growing proportion of elderly citizens in the world.
Japan has the financial resources and the capacity to deal with the challenges it faces.
Japan has the greatest potential to shape China the most.
Japan has the highest rate of egg consumption and one of the lowest rates of heart disease.
Japan has the lamest holidays in the world.
Japan has the largest number of marathon runners per capita in the world.
Japan has the lowest per student cost at the higher education level, too.
Japan has the lowest relative market share for servo systems and the highest for stepper motors.
Japan has the most efficient magnetic rail system in the world.
Japan has the most rapidly ageing population in the world.
Japan has the most rapidly aging population in the industrial world.
Japan has the most rapidly aging population in the world.
Japan has the only economy with the ability to be an Asian locomotive.
Japan has the Peace Constitution based on extinction of war.
Japan has the potential to drag the region down with it.
Japan has the reputation of harboring the least dedicated bunch of college students in the world.
Japan has the second highest per capita income in the world after Switzerland.
Japan has the second largest economy in the world.
Japan has the second largest glass market in the world.
Japan has the world s lowest infant mortality and the longest life expectancy.
Japan has the world's best longevity average followed by Australia and then France.
Japan has the world's highest proportion of elderly people, and most have high spending power.
Japan has the world's highest rate of automatic door use.
Japan has the world's most inefficient distribution sector, adding an imposing cost layer.
Japan has the world's second largest economy - an economy in deep recession.
Japan has the world's second largest economy.
Japan has the world's second-largest economy.
Japan has the world's strictest import inspections.
Japan has the worst nuclear record of any country in Asia.
Japan has three to four thousand islands.
Japan has to change, like the East.
Japan has to compete with investors' other options in a global business environment.
Japan has to do with competition.
Japan has to grapple with substantial geographical constraints.
Japan has to start from the beginning.
Japan has trade deficits with Switzerland according to Japanese statistics.
Japan has tremendous latent strength.
Japan has twelve different baseball teams.
Japan has two compete space programs launching virtually identical rockets.
Japan has two major programmes for research.
Japan has two options.
Japan has ulterior motives.
Japan has unique voltage when it comes to electricity and electrical appliances.
Japan has very expensive property.
Japan has very few active guide dogs.
Japan has very few career women.
Japan has very few of the natural resources needed for manufacturing.
Japan has very long hospital stays.
Japan has very nice old temples,castles and shrines, and some very new cities.
Japan has very strict laws concerning importation of firearms.
Japan has very strict rules about energy efficiency, to reduce oil imports wherever possible.
Japan has virtually no recoverable industrial raw materials.
Japan has yet to issue an import permit, fearing interntional reprisals.
Japan has yet to prove it can turn itself around.
Japan has yet to sign the International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Financing.
Japan hate bananas.
Japan have very few shares outstanding.
Japan heads the list of individual countries that import U.S. farm products.
Japan heavily rely on judo, a strictly amateur sport, for much of their Olympic gold medal hauls.
Japan highly appreciates their decisions.
Japan highly regards both parties' serious engagement in driving the peace process forward.
Japan hits and rolls.
Japan hits it enough for two points.
Japan holds a critical leadership position in the South East Asian region.
Japan holds a number of geothermal plants.
Japan holds at present.
Japan hunts whales for what it calls research purposes.
Japan imports large quantities from the United States, South Korea , and other producers.
Japan imports more than half of the state's hay, beef, rice and lemon exports.
Japan Includes reference sources, white papers and journals.
Japan increases most.
Japan increases production.
Japan insists it is taking the whales for scientific purposes.
Japan insists on calculating absorption of carbon dioxide by all forests, including natural forests.
Japan insists the Taiwan problem is an internal Chinese affair.
Japan installs a puppet government for China in Nanking, controls several major cities.
Japan intends to continue to extend positive assistance for the Middle East peace process.
Japan intends to continue to further promote similar views.
Japan intends to continue to watch the situation carefully.
Japan intends to contribute in every way possible.
Japan intends to cooperate through the afore-mentioned comprehensive cooperation package.
Japan intends to dispatch a government mission in order to analyze the local situation.
Japan intends to extend as much assistance as ever for their reform efforts.
Japan intends to further improve potential economic growth capacity itself.
Japan intends to make every possible contribution towards the reaching of consensus.
Japan intends to offer active support for individual countries' efforts in such fields.
Japan intends to offer active support for such activities.
Japan intends to pay close attention to future developments.
Japan intends to set up bases for human capacity building in Africa.
Japan intends to spare no help for Indonesia's reform efforts.
Japan intends to strengthen cooperation with Europe in the political area.
Japan intends to support such programs enthusiastically.
Japan intends to take necessary measures without delay.
Japan interns United States Marines and nationals at Shanghai and Tientsin, China.
Japan invades Aleutian Islands.
Japan invades Australia.
Japan invades Burma.
Japan invades China, conquers most of coastal area.
Japan invades China.
Japan invades Indonesia.
Japan invades Malaya.
Japan invades Manchuria.
Japan invades New Guinea.
Japan invades the Philippines.
Japan is a a good team, which has extremely high level of defense.
Japan is a beautiful country.
Japan is a big economy country.
Japan is a big player in rice.
Japan is a bigger fish to fry.
Japan is a bow-shaped archipelago lying to the east of the Asian Continent.
Japan is a busy place and having fun is expensive.
Japan is a case in point.
Japan is a cash-based society.
Japan is a cash-only society, so plan accordingly.
Japan is a chain of islands off the eastern coast of Asia.
Japan is a classic example of the workforce supporting the business party.
Japan is a close friend, partner and ally of the United States.
Japan is a complex market that defies penetration by outsiders.
Japan is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary government.
Japan is a constitutional monarchy.
Japan is a country built on skill.
Japan is a country governed by law.
Japan is a country lying off the east coast of Asia.
Japan is a country of connections and the photography world is no exception.
Japan is a country of intense interest and importance to Australia.
Japan is a country of rocks and stones.
Japan is a country often shaken by earthquakes.
Japan is a country rich with history, customs and tradition.
Japan is a country that has seen much famine and wasting food is a serious offense.
Japan is a country that is made up of several islands.
Japan is a country where female college graduates have very few career women as role models.
Japan is a country where religions place an accent on the raising of one's spiritual ability.
Japan is a country with relatively little overt hostile persecution of religion.
Japan is a country.
Japan is a danger temporarily supressed by the power of the peaceful world.
Japan is a dangerously racist nation.
Japan is a democracy, Japan is our ally . . .
Japan is a developed market with relatively mature markets and large, global companies.
Japan is a different and separate case.
Japan is a direct marketing distributor of electronic components and computer products.
Japan is a divine country centring on the emperor.
Japan is a driving force in global and regional efforts towards trade and investment liberalisation.
Japan is a fascinating country with a long history.
Japan is a fascinating country with a lot of knowledge and beauty to offer.
Japan is a fascinating country.
Japan is a fascinating place to observe change.
Japan is a fascinating place to visit and is amazingly accessible.
Japan is a financial and technological colossus.
Japan is a free-market economy.
Japan is a good ally.
Japan is a good example of a free market economy.
Japan is a good example of the Asian water experience.
Japan is a good example that Keynesian fiscal policies work.
Japan is a good example.
Japan is a good host.
Japan is a good place to be a machine.
Japan is a good team.
Japan is a great country, where they like old traditions with an ancient culture.
Japan is a great country.
Japan is a great place for babies and children.
Japan is a great place to visit.
Japan is a great place.
Japan is a great, family friendly vacation spot.
Japan is a group of islands in the Western Pacific, off the coast of China.
Japan is a hierarchical society.
Japan is a high context culture, where small gestures convey great meaning.
Japan is a high cost producer of both paper and wood products.
Japan is a highly urbanised country, with approximately three in every four people living in cities.
Japan is a homogeneous market where everyone speaks Japanese.
Japan is a hotbed of bass fishing.
Japan is a huge economy, the world's second largest.
Japan is a huge place for comics.
Japan is a Japanese version of the famous web directory.
Japan is a key factor in the competitiveness of many U.S. firms in the coming years.
Japan is a key market for Canada.
Japan is a key partner of South Korea in pursuing an engagement policy toward the North.
Japan is a land of marked beauty and colorful festivals.
Japan is a land of the old and the new, a blending of traditional culture and modern life styles.
Japan is a large group of islands located off of the continental mainland of Asia.
Japan is a leader even today as a quality practitioner in the world.
Japan is a leader in applications of fuzzy technology.
Japan is a leading player in the Asia-Pacific region and the world.
Japan is a little different.
Japan is a living example.
Japan is a lovely country of nice people and exciting events.
Japan is a main export market for U.S. manufactured products.
Japan is a major contributor to family planning organizations around the world.
Japan is a major export market of New England.
Japan is a major exporter of fish and specialty crops such as mandarin oranges.
Japan is a major international force in the world today.
Japan is a major investor in the U.S. financial markets.
Japan is a major market.
Japan is a major potential market for whisky, cognac, vodka and other European spirits.
Japan is a major scene for the development of new wireless technology.
Japan is a major U.S. customer for corn and soybeans, as well as consumer-ready food items.
Japan is a market that is just always changing.
Japan is a market where it is crucial to build long term business relationships.
Japan is a mecca of historical places and religious artifacts.
Japan is a mess.
Japan Is a Mess.
Japan is a mixture of culture, religion, the new and the old.
Japan is a more environmentally sensitive country than most of the developed nations.
Japan is a most interesting country geographically.
Japan is a most interesting country.
Japan is a mountainous country with beautiful forests, numerous volcanoes and hot springs.
Japan is a mountainous, steep-sloped geologically young, earthquake prone with volcanoes.
Japan is a multiparty democracy that has experienced remarkable stability in the postwar period.
Japan is a narrow chain of islands along the Asia stretching from eastern Siberia down to Taiwan.
Japan is a nation in which the guarantor system is part of various sectors of the society.
Japan is a nation of engineers and producers.
Japan is a nation of gourmands.
Japan is a nation of islands off the coast of Asia.
Japan is a nation that has relatively few natural resources.
Japan is a nation.
Japan is a orthodox Jewish country.
Japan is a part of an island chain in the Pacific ocean.
Japan is a phenomenal team and Spain is a phenomenal team.
Japan is a place of ancient gods and customs, but is also the cutting edge of cool modernity.
Japan is a prime example.
Japan is a prime target.
Japan is a rather difficult place to grow temperate-zone fruit.
Japan is a really neat place.
Japan is a relative latecomer in the field of modern biotechnology.
Japan is a relatively advanced country in mathematics education and research.
Japan is a resource-rich country.
Japan is a rich country.
Japan is a rival.
Japan is a small country in size, probably smaller than America's state of Minnesota.
Japan is a small island to the east of China, an enormous expanse of land.
Japan is a small island.
Japan is a snack haven.
Japan is a society based on the guarantor system.
Japan is a southern country.
Japan is a sovereign nation.
Japan is a stable, highly developed parliamentary democracy with a modern economy.
Japan is a staunch ally of the United States in the Pacific.
Japan is a successful example of the value of introducing foreign cultures.
Japan is a technically sound team.
Japan is a test bed for the world's digital, robotic, and wireless future.
Japan is a totally trade-dependent country.
Japan is a traction and transit enthusiasts dream come true.
Japan is a treasure-trove of delectable food and finely hand crafted dishes.
Japan is a unique case for several reasons.
Japan is a unique country that holds an attraction for many people in South Australia.
Japan is a unique country.
Japan is a unique culture.
Japan is a valued member of the family of democratic nations.
Japan is a veritable treasure trove of kites.
Japan is a very clean country compared to other Asian countries.
Japan is a very crowded country which makes for crowded sports facilities.
Japan is a very densely populated country in which land is extremely expensive.
Japan is a very good country,but it is a small country.
Japan is a very good team - well organized and well coached.
Japan is a very important country.
Japan is a very important market, but France and Italy really dominate the industry.
Japan is a very large empire entirely composed of islands.
Japan is a very little country compared to America.
Japan is a very multilingual place.
Japan is a very polite country.
Japan is a very rich country desperately trying to internationalise.
Japan is a very safe country.
Japan is a very small country.
Japan is a very special case.
Japan is a very special market and it takes a great deal of time to enter it.
Japan is a very strange country in many ways.
Japan is a very strong and physical side and Brazil is in for a tough game.
Japan is a very traditional and culture oriented country.
Japan is a volcanic country.
Japan is a volcanic nation and so underneath the surface flows hot, sometimes boiling, water.
Japan is a war criminal state which plunged Asia into disasters.
Japan is a weak spot in the SC market.
Japan is a weighty problem.
Japan is a wonderful and sometimes very weird place.
Japan is a wonderful contradiction of the old and the new.
Japan is a wonderful country, with more history than most western civilizations.
Japan is a world leader in many high-tech areas.
Japan is about the same latitude as Central California.
Japan is about the same.
Japan is about to quietly sweep it under the rug and hope everyone forgets about it.
Japan is accused of using unfair trade barriers against other countries something Japan denies.
Japan is affected by earthquakes, typhoons and tsunamis.
Japan is again the major importer.
Japan is Alaska's top export market while China hold strong potential for Alaska products.
Japan is Alberta's largest export market for metallurgical coal.
Japan is Alberta's largest offshore trading partner.
Japan is Alberta's most important trading partner after the United States.
Japan is Alberta's second largest export market, and business opportunities are growing.
Japan is allotted four relays and eight channels.
Japan is almost as big as United Kingdom or Germany.
Japan is almost certainly in the secondary depression phase.
Japan is already a good country to some extent.
Japan is already at that critical juncture.
Japan is already excluding our corn, Korea wants to exclude our corn.
Japan is already in recession.
Japan is already in the grip of deflation.
Japan is also a burgeoning market.
Japan is also a country of vast contrasts.
Japan is also a major buyer of elephant tusks, used primarily for ivory carvings.
Japan is also a major export market for Southern California.
Japan is also a market focus.
Japan is also a rich and fertile country, and produces many very valuable articles.
Japan is also a target for Chinese poultry exports.
Japan is also a world leader in telecommunications.
Japan is also an important source of imports.
Japan is also at the edge of the neoarctic, palearctic and oriental biological region.
Japan is also clamouring to be recognized as more than just an economic power.
Japan is also generally very cooperative, on an informal basis, in law enforcement matters.
Japan is also in the early stages of throwing their pacifism out.
Japan is also in the game.
Japan is also interested in installing the underwater television onto their submersibles.
Japan is also more strict about . .
Japan is also one of Canada's dependable customers, importing a small volume of oats each year.
Japan is also opposed to sector specific tariff reductions.
Japan is also ready to reject the proposal.
Japan is also ready to resume lending.
Japan is also the only major consumer in the world where sale of tiger parts is still legal.
Japan is also the second largest supplier of U.S. imports.
Japan is also the vending machine capital of the world.
Japan is also the world's largest producer of VCRs and video recorders.
Japan is also unlikely to welcome the dollar's dominance.
Japan is also very receptive to English instructors from abroad.
Japan is also vulnerable to tsunami, a large sea wave that originates from a quake.
Japan is also where scorned American wrestlers begin their second careers.
Japan is always ready to talk.
Japan is always slow in putting things into action.
Japan is an advanced industrial nation.
Japan is an affluent country.
Japan is an attractive market for two primary reasons.
Japan is an eminent forest nation also in the world.
Japan is an empire.
Japan is an even more striking example.
Japan is an example of a world of modernization in a non-western society.
Japan is an example of such a country.
Japan is an excellent example.
Japan is an exception.
Japan is an expensive country to visit.
Japan is an exporter of food grade octopus.
Japan is an extremely safe country and most people carry large amounts of cash around all the time.
Japan is an extremely safe country with no worries or fears about allowing one's children to roam.
Japan is an extremely safe place for both men and women, native or visitor.
Japan is an extremely safe society.
Japan is an important market for the aircraft manufacturer.
Japan is an important part of Asia-Pacific dynamism.
Japan is an incredible country, doing things that no other countries have ever accomplished before.
Japan is an interesting case.
Japan is an island country and there are few opportunities to use English everyday.
Japan is an island country in the Pacific.
Japan is an island country lacking in natural resources.
Japan is an island country surrounded by the sea.
Japan is an island country that lies of the east coast of Asia.
Japan is an island country.
Japan is an island nation and thus the connection of the people with the sea is very strong.
Japan is an island nation in the North Pacific Ocean off the coast of the Asian continent.
Japan is an island nation located in the northwestern part of the Pacific Ocean.
Japan is an island nation off the east coast of Asia.
Japan is an island nation which is extremely poor in natural resources.
Japan is an island nation, surrounded by the sea.
Japan is an island nation.
Japan is an unprecedented opportunity for mutual funds.
Japan is another country that protects the status quo.
Japan is another island arc.
Japan is another key market.
Japan is another state that has similarly tough citizenship laws.
Japan is another.
Japan is approximately the same as California in area.
Japan is as dependent on oil as Brazil was.
Japan is assumed to have the same set of policy choices available.
Japan is at an inflection point.
Japan is at present arguably the most prominent country in Asia.
Japan is at the edge of a major push into telemedicine.
Japan is at the heart of the United Kingdom's policy towards the Asia Pacific region.
Japan is at the top of the list.
Japan is Australia s best customer.
Japan is Australia s largest trading partner, the largest consumer of our exports.
Japan is Australia's largest export market.
Japan is Australia's largest trading partner.
Japan is Australia's largest, and our most important trading partner.
Japan is awash in flowers.
Japan is awash in scandal and blaming.
Japan is Bangladesh's largest aid donor.
Japan is based on a culture of shame.
Japan is bizarre.
Japan is blessed with a variety of climates ranging from subarctic to subtropical.
Japan is both an adventure and an education.
Japan is both and economic powerhouse and a financial giant.
Japan is both the biggest consumer and the leader in tuna farming research.
Japan is braced for further impact.
Japan is by far Jamaica's largest source market in the Asian region.
Japan is by far the largest importer of U.S. logs along with Australia and South Korea.
Japan is by far the most important market.
Japan is by far the number one donor to India.
Japan is by far the United States' biggest customer for corn.
Japan is Cambodia's single largest bilateral aid donor.
Japan is Canada s second largest trading partner after the United States.
Japan is Canada's main export market for canola seed.
Japan is Canada's second largest foreign market for agri-food and seafood products.
Japan is Canada's second-largest market for agriculture and food products after the United States.
Japan is caught between the two nations.
Japan is caught in another peculiar dilemma.
Japan is certainly guilty.
Japan is certainly one such country.
Japan is certainly the lowest.
Japan is China's biggest trading partner.
Japan is China's largest trading partner and aid provider, yet relations remain strained.
Japan is China's largest trading partner, and China is Japan's second largest trading partner.
Japan is clearly an important part of the regional economic equation, including for tourism.
Japan is clearly crucial.
Japan is clearly interested in supporting reform in Russia.
Japan is clearly the most robotics-oriented country.
Japan is close to Hawaii both geographically and historically.
Japan is close, rich, and ready to be of assistance.
Japan is close.
Japan is committed to encouraging greater economic openness and reform in China.
Japan is concerned about acid rain and other forms of pollution from Chinese coal-burning plants.
Japan is concerned about such a situation in Fiji.
Japan is concerned about such situations.
Japan is conquered.
Japan is considered the most disaster-prepared country in the world.
Japan is considered to be the world's foremost financial and economic power.
Japan is consists of four main islands.
Japan is cool.
Japan is crazy for cell phones.
Japan is criticized for allowing Asia and the rest of the world slip into financial crisis.
Japan is Cuba's largest debtor.
Japan is currently and only the company's main market.
Japan is currently on the air with analog HDTV and moving rapidly to digital.
Japan is currently the only export market for Chinese broken rice.
Japan is deeply concerned about such rise of tension in Kosovo.
Japan is deeply divided on the issue.
Japan is definitely still on the list of countries making a decent green.
Japan is definitively more sophisticated.
Japan is dependent on importing many agricultural products.
Japan is depicted in unusual form with a huge northern portion.
Japan is determined to develop good relations with China.
Japan is determined to keep assisting the Indonesian people's efforts for reform.
Japan is different from the other Asian countries in being less dependent upon imported capital.
Japan is divided into forty-seven prefectures, which are similar to Canada's provinces.
Japan is divided into prefectures.
Japan is doubtless the most favorable place to witness the peak.
Japan is East Asia's largest source of aid, loans and investment and is a major trading partner.
Japan is East Asia's main creditor and trading partner.
Japan is east of China, Saudi Arabia is east of Egypt, and Sweden is east of Norway.
Japan is effectively a one-party state.
Japan is effectively leaderless.
Japan is especially beautiful now in the fall season with all the fall colors of the trees.
Japan is even more unique.
Japan is excluded because it restricts shipments in plastic bulk containers.
Japan is extremely sensitive to criticism and protests energetically any adverse world comment.
Japan is extremely tough on people who take the initiative to start a new business and then fail.
Japan is faced with that right now.
Japan is familiar with Asian giant hornet stings, too.
Japan is famous for plastic displays of food in restaurant windows.
Japan is famous for that Japanese businessmen are eager to work.
Japan is far away.
Japan is far behind the U.S. in the database business.
Japan is fascinated by secrets.
Japan is filled with creative artists.
Japan is firmly committed to becoming the best-connected nation on earth.
Japan is first.
Japan is for the first time more or less united.
Japan is forced to open limited ports for trade.
Japan is fourth in the world in per capita fish consumption.
Japan is full of beautiful and exciting places which can easily be reached by train and bus.
Japan is full of history.
Japan is full of it.
Japan is full of thick forestry , some dessert plants as well as tropical plant species.
Japan is full.
Japan is generally cooperative, on an informal basis, in law enforcement matters.
Japan is generally expensive, crowded, often cold and the waves are small and uninspiring.
Japan is geographically remote from Europe.
Japan is given a mandate over the ex-German islands in the Pacific.
Japan is golf-crazy.
Japan is good at size, power and bringing the cost down.
Japan is great.
Japan is greatly concerned about the current situation in Myanmar.
Japan is half the size of Pakistan with roughly the same population.
Japan is heavily dependent on foreign trade and needs maritime protection.
Japan is heavily urbanized, heavily dependent on imported energy, food and raw materials.
Japan is held up as a model of industrial development.
Japan is highly dependent on imported energy and raw materials from abroad.
Japan is hit by a large hail storm.
Japan is home to almost one-fifth of all married condom users worldwide.
Japan is home to eight bear parks, in which bears are confined to concrete pits.
Japan is home to many impressive castles.
Japan is home to one of the world's top wrestlers.
Japan is home to some of the world's fastest passenger trains.
Japan is home to ten percent of the world's active volcanoes.
Japan is home to the largest number of American troops in the Asia-Pacific region.
Japan is hot and humid and makes a perfect breeding ground for fast-growing mold.
Japan is however opposed to any formulation of options.
Japan is imperialistic economically, in the new sense.
Japan is in a confidence crisis and at the same time lacks a credible alternative.
Japan is in a deflation.
Japan is in a desperate state.
Japan is in a period of dilemma.
Japan is in a political vacuum.
Japan is in a position to support such economic reforms.
Japan is in a recession and has been for some time.
Japan is in a serious recession.
Japan is in a state of despair.
Japan is in effect the world's most successful socialistic planned economy.
Japan is in fact a land of limestone.
Japan is in one of the world's most active seismic zones.
Japan is in recession again.
Japan is in recession.
Japan is in the continent of China and in the sea around China.
Japan is in the grip of deflation.
Japan is in the grip of recession.
Japan is in the grip of restructuring fever.
Japan is in the grips of a deflationary spiral.
Japan is in the midst of confusion.
Japan is in the midst of it, focusing on the financial sector.
Japan is in the no category.
Japan is in the process of building a nationwide fiber-optic network.
Japan is in the state of stagnation, with unprecedented levels of unemployment.
Japan is in the upper right of the image.
Japan is in there, too, next to Slovenia.
Japan is in worse shape .
Japan is included occasionally as a contrast to both the USA and selected European countries.
Japan is incomparable in land mass to that of the United States.
Japan is Indiana's number one foreign investor.
Japan is indispensable to U.S. economic, political, and security interests in the Pacific.
Japan is Indonesia's most important customer and supplier of aid.
Japan is inundated with more photography-related books and magazines than anywhere in the world.
Japan is invisible.
Japan is involved as an observer.
Japan is involved in partnership programs with various countries.
Japan is involved in the Middle East peace process.
Japan is jolted by a powerful earthquake, collapsing buildings and sparking hundreds of fires.
Japan is just across the East Sea.
Japan is just the opposite.
Japan is just wacky, period.
Japan is known for a norm-based factory management system.
Japan is largely dependent on Gulf oil.
Japan is like a different world, everything is so different than America.
Japan is like the U.S. was thirty years ago on the topic.
Japan is likely to remain in the economic doldrums for some time yet.
Japan is likely to seek extradition.
Japan is located in a subduction zone.
Japan is located in far east of Eurasian Continent.
Japan is located in the most seismically active zone in the world.
Japan is located in the region that experiences the most earthquakes in the world.
Japan is located on the continent of Asia.
Japan is located on the Western edge of the Pacific coast.
Japan is located primarily in the Northern Temperate Zone.
Japan is longevity country in the world.
Japan is made up of four main islands in the Pacific Ocean.
Japan is Malaysia's largest single trading partner, followed by the USA and Singapore.
Japan is Malaysia's largest-single trading partner, followed by the USA and Singapore.
Japan is many things to many people.
Japan is mecca of folk art from beautiful dishes and lacquer ware to delightful porcelain dolls.
Japan is mired in deep recession and China's growth has slowed somewhat.
Japan is mired in recession.
Japan is Mongolia's largest bilateral aid donor.
Japan is more accustomed to seeing double-digit export growth.
Japan is more advanced than the U.S. in terms of electronic payment.
Japan is more worrisome.
Japan is most developed country in Asia.
Japan is mountainous, with little amounts of field areas.
Japan is much more densely populated than Africa, and Japan has almost no natural resources.
Japan is much more exposed by trade and investment to Southeast Asia than is the United States.
Japan is near the top of the list.
Japan is neither wholly one nor the other.
Japan is Nepal's largest aid donor.
Japan is New Zealand's second biggest export market.
Japan is next to the United States in providing resources to the program.
Japan is next.
Japan is no exception, having seen the creation of second-generation somatically cloned cattle.
Japan is no exception.
Japan is no longer a closed land of samurai and princes.
Japan is no longer an international bystander.
Japan is no longer just Tokyo.
Japan is no longer safe and unexposed, as the financial crisis shows.
Japan is no longer the enemy and the Soviet Union has vanished.
Japan is no model of fiscal rectitude.
Japan is no where to be found there.
Japan is now a brokerage and an agency market.
Japan is now a major power with a strong army and navy, strong industry and growing empire.
Japan is now an economic superpower that exerts major influence over the world's economic activity.
Japan is now arguably the number one economic nation.
Japan is now defenseless against the possibility of attack.
Japan is now far more democratic than it was then.
Japan is now in a transition phase and moving toward the American style of management.
Japan is now on the way of a big transformation.
Japan is now our fourth biggest trading partner.
Japan is now our second largest trading partner.
Japan is now quite competitive in almost all items of information technologies.
Japan is now the largest importer of U.S. beef and pork.
Japan is now the largest web site outside of North America.
Japan is now the leading silk-producing country, and China is second.
Japan is now the world's largest net importer of agricultural products.
Japan is now the world's second-largest economy.
Japan is now the world's second-ranking economic power.
Japan is now Wisconsin's second largest trading partner, trailing only Canada.
Japan is now, in dollar terms, the world's biggest donor of foreign aid.
Japan is obsessed with festivals and Kyoto is no exception.
Japan is obviously part of the problem.
Japan is odd.
Japan is of special interest because it was the first non-western nation to industrialise.
Japan is on exception.
Japan is on much the same longitude as Australia but is in the northern hemisphere.
Japan is on the other side of the world.
Japan is on the ropes.
Japan is on the verge of bankruptcy.
Japan is on the wrong track and is close to reaching the point of no return.
Japan is one example.
Japan is one market particularly receptive to old U.S. brands.
Japan is one of a few countries that has succeeded in controlling endemic parasitic diseases.
Japan is one of a very small number of countries of vital importance to Australia.
Japan is one of Alberta's major overseas visitor markets.
Japan is one of America's largest overseas trading partners.
Japan is one of Australia s most important bilateral partners.
Japan is one of our allies.
Japan is one of our largest trading partners.
Japan is one of the biggest debtors for the tenth consecutive year.
Japan is one of the closest neighbors from Korea at least geographically.
Japan is one of the countries most subject to earthquakes.
Japan is one of the few countries where peopledrive on the left.
Japan is one of the few places in the world where groups of people bathe together.
Japan is one of the largest importers of the Alaskan salmon.
Japan is one of the larg-est pharmaceutical markets in the world.
Japan is one of the mainland's biggest export markets.
Japan is one of the major English-producing nations of the world.
Japan is one of the major global coal consumers and is the world's largest importer of coal.
Japan is one of the major world importers of all kinds of fish and also tropical hardwoods.
Japan is one of the most advanced countries in the world.
Japan is one of the most automated countries in the world.
Japan is one of the most crime-free and nonviolent countries in the world.
Japan is one of the most crisscrossed railway nations in the world.
Japan is one of the most densely populated countries in the world.
Japan is one of the most developed countries on Earth, and Mongolia is one of the least developed.
Japan is one of the most earthquake prone countries in the world.
Japan is one of the most earthquake-prone countries in the world.
Japan is one of the most homogenous and intolerant societies in the world.
Japan is one of the most important, becuase they manufacture most of the equipment.
Japan is one of the most industrialized nations in the world.
Japan is one of the most intolerant countries with respect to accepting refugees and immigrants.
Japan is one of the most powerful nations in the world.
Japan is one of the places that qualifies.
Japan is one of the places where it is consumed.
Japan is one of the region's top blackspots for women forced into sexual slavery.
Japan is one of the safest places in the world for women, probably the safest anywhere.
Japan is one of the snowiest places in the world at sea level.
Japan is one of the strongest economies in the world and it is a democracy.
Japan is one of the top three countries to which Delaware exports.
Japan is one of the United States' fastest growing and most critical trade partners.
Japan is one of the world s most earthquake-prone countries.
Japan is one of the world's biggest donors of economic aid.
Japan is one of the world's epicenters for the development and early adoption of embedded devices.
Japan is one of the world's leading fishing nations.
Japan is one of the world's most earthquake-prone countries.
Japan is one of the world's most earthquake-prone nations.
Japan is one of the world's most homogeneous modern nations.
Japan is one of the world's most seismically active countries.
Japan is one of the world's most seismically active nations.
Japan is one such example.
Japan is only developing products based on U.S. technologies.
Japan is open to foreign direct investment with certain exception.
Japan is our biggest foreign competitor in electronics and automobiles.
Japan is our largest market, followed by Korea, Canada and Latin American countries.
Japan is our largest overseas trading partner.
Japan is our largest source of overseas visitors.
Japan is our largest trading partner outside of North America.
Japan is our second or third, depending on the year, biggest trading partner.
Japan is our target for the next affiliate members in our region.
Japan is overlord of Asia's finances.
Japan is Pakistan's biggest aid donor.
Japan is perceived to be an expensive and difficult place to do business.
Japan is perhaps a notable exception.
Japan is permitted similarly large levels of such support.
Japan is poised to leapfrog past everyone in the quest for model power.
Japan is poor and is therefore reluctant to go to war.
Japan is poor in natural resources, though.
Japan is presently in the second phase in Hokkaido and the final phase in Honshu Island.
Japan is probably the most powerful nation in the world today because it's the richest.
Japan is probably the most sophisticated Internet market, particularly in the area of wireless.
Japan is probably the only country in the world where a person can write poetry as a paying career.
Japan is promotion-central.
Japan is prone to unpredictable natural disasters.
Japan is pushed to accept the international accounting standard.
Japan is racked by earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.
Japan is rather like a supertanker heading for the rocks and unable to turn round in time.
Japan is ready.
Japan is really critical.
Japan is really expensive.
Japan is really hard.
Japan is really the central economy of the region.
Japan is recognized as a leading participant in the world economy and a major U.S. trading partner.
Japan is regarded as a high-income country with a large domestic market.
Japan is rendered in the 'kite' form.
Japan is reported to be the world's second largest prescription antihistamine market.
Japan is responsible for almost half of the recent increase in steel imports.
Japan is said to be the world's largest producer and distributor of commercial pornography.
Japan is said to have half the potential investment capital in the world.
Japan is second only to Canada as the largest U.S. export market.
Japan is second, due primarily to greater power train use.
Japan is second.
Japan is seen as a benign military power, unable to counter China.
Japan is seen by many as the central core of economic strength in the region.
Japan is seen most favorably, followed by Taiwan, South Korea, and Singapore.
Japan is separated from the Asian continent by the Sea of Japan and the East China Sea.
Japan is several nations, contradictory and endlessly fascinating.
Japan is shaky.
Japan is short of everything but people and water.
Japan is short of judges and lawyers.
Japan is shown as a trapezium shape.
Japan is shown here unstringing the fruit loops.
Japan is shown in an increasingly recognizable form.
Japan is shown in an odd shape and placed too far north in the Pacific Ocean.
Japan is shown to be very near to the mainland at the northern point.
Japan is simplicity.
Japan is situated in Asia.
Japan is situated in the Asian monsoon zone where meteorological change are greatest.
Japan is slightly smaller than the state of California.
Japan is smaller than France or Spain but bigger than Italy or Britain.
Japan is so much more professional and big league.
Japan is something of an anomaly.
Japan is South Korea's largest export market for pork products.
Japan is still a backward country of fly fishing.
Japan is still a leading market for agricultural and beverage exports.
Japan is still a long way from the action.
Japan is still a male-dominated society.
Japan is still a smokers' paradise.
Japan is still a society dominated by men.
Japan is still a very distant country to many non Japanese people.
Japan is still ahead in terms of investing in the research.
Japan is still arguably in a recession.
Japan is still in a recession and the European capitalist economies are sluggish.
Japan is still in recession and Europe has been slowing down.
Japan is still New Zealand's second largest market, despite falling sales over the last year.
Japan is still the largest consumer of silk and silk products.
Japan is still the second largest pharmaceutical market in the world after the United States.
Japan is still the world's number two economy and the world's largest creditor.
Japan is stronger.
Japan is strongly committed to the elimination of anti-human landmines.
Japan is subject to investigation with respect to large diameter pipe.
Japan is subject to numerous earthquakes, typhoons, and monsoons.
Japan is such a beautiful country and the possibilities for enhancing the game are endless.
Japan is such a beautiful country, full of very kind people.
Japan is such a place, in the Pacific Ring of Fire.
Japan is superior to America in human wisdom and it is only natural that Japan win out over America.
Japan is sure to rise again.
Japan is surrounded by the ocean and has an enormous and complex coastline.
Japan is surrounded by the sea, it plays a significant role in the lives of Japan's people.
Japan is surrounded by water on all sides.
Japan is suspected of being a major money laundering center.
Japan is synonymous to 'electronics' in the minds of many of the world's consumers.
Japan is Thailand's largest lender.
Japan is the aggressor here.
Japan is the B.C.'s largest overseas market for lumber.
Japan is the biggest creditor nation and aid donor to Myanmar.
Japan is the biggest export market for Danish pork.
Japan is the biggest foreign direct investor in most regional economies.
Japan is the biggest tuna consuming nation and is also the leader in tuna farming research.
Japan is the champion violator here.
Japan is the cornerstone of our Asia policy.
Japan is the country of gods, but has been receiving false teachings from Christian countries.
Japan is the country that has a lot of wild animal consumption.
Japan is the current destination of choice.
Japan is the economic leader of the Pacific Basin countries.
Japan is the economic powerhouse of Asia.
Japan is the engine of growth for Asia, and if it stalls, recovery elsewhere is inevitably hampered.
Japan is the first and greatest refutation of that charge.
Japan is the first country in the world making a stable functioning device.
Japan is the first country to promote it.
Japan is the first developed country to set a numerical target for food self-sufficiency.
Japan is the first non-Western country to reach first world status.
Japan is the fourth largest export destination for Ohio products.
Japan is the furthest along, and lower international rates have gone into effect in many areas.
Japan is the highest consumer of paper products per capita, followed by Singapore and Malaysia.
Japan is the hub of the world s most economically dynamic and heavily populated region, East Asia.
Japan is the incinerator hub of the world.
Japan is the internet giant in the region.
Japan is the key here.
Japan is the Kingdom's second trade, economic and investment partner after the United States.
Japan is the land of cute.
Japan is the land of fun video games.
Japan is the largest American supplier of semiconductors to the Japanese market.
Japan is the largest buyer of platinum in the world.
Japan is the largest consumer of U.S. technology sold in both forms.
Japan is the largest consumer of whale meat in the world.
Japan is the largest customer for Canadian buckwheat.
Japan is the largest donor country for Thailand in the midst of the economic crisis.
Japan is the largest donor for eight consecutive years.
Japan is the largest economy in Asia.
Japan is the largest export market for Canadian buckwheat.
Japan is the largest export market for the U.S. pork industry, followed by Mexico and Canada.
Japan is the largest export market for U.S. agricultural products.
Japan is the largest export market for U.S. pork.
Japan is the largest fluorescent lamp consuming country in the world.
Japan is the largest foreign buyer of U.S. corn.
Japan is the largest importer of corn in the world.
Japan is the largest importer of food products and animal feeds in the world.
Japan is the largest importer of logs from Sarawak.
Japan is the largest importer of tropical woods.
Japan is the largest importer of U.S. farm products.
Japan is the largest investor from Asia.
Japan is the largest logger overseas and holds the largest share in the hardwood trade.
Japan is the largest market for U.S. agricultural exports.
Japan is the largest market for U.S. beef.
Japan is the largest net importer.
Japan is the largest producer of kiddie porn.
Japan is the largest roe market.
Japan is the largest single-country donor of development assistance.
Japan is the largest trading partner of many countries in the Asia-Pacific region.
Japan is the largest U.S. market, accounting for half of U.S. shipments.
Japan is the largest U.S. market, accounting for more than half of total U.S. shipments.
Japan is the larget buyer of New Zealand wood products.
Japan is the last big restructuring story.
Japan is the leader in flat panels, but our state is a logical site for the industry.
Japan is the leading importer through the airport.
Japan is the leading importer.
Japan is the leading producer of loquats, followed by Israel and Brazil.
Japan is the leading producer of pearls today.
Japan is the leading producer of tamari.
Japan is the locomotive.
Japan is the main market for Australian woodchips, most of which comes from Tasmania.
Japan is the main producer of enokitake.
Japan is the major consumer of bekko, but there is significant trade within the Caribbean as well.
Japan is the major export market, which accounts for more than half of U.S. shipments.
Japan is the major market for matsutake.
Japan is the major outlet.
Japan is the major producer and consumer of maitake.
Japan is the major world trouble spot.
Japan is the most affluent and influential country in Southeast Asia.
Japan is the most brand-conscious market in the world.
Japan is the most comfortable and modern country in Asia.
Japan is the most difficult first world economy in which to start a new business.
Japan is the most difficult market because there is such quick change.
Japan is the most important export destination for Missouri's manufactured exports.
Japan is the most important export market for U.S. beef and pork products.
Japan is the most likely candidate for new permanent membership.
Japan is the most pro-patent country on earth, at least in numbers.
Japan is the nation which is presently and massively benefiting from foreign markets.
Japan is the nation with people who have suffered the effects of the atomic bomb.
Japan is the nation with the massive trade surplus.
Japan is the nearest country that has a long and rich history of new media art development.
Japan is the new frontier.
Japan is the next example.
Japan is the number one export market for the United States.
Japan is the number one market, and Asia is the number one region.
Japan is the number one place for sea turtle marketing.
Japan is the one financial market that has been around long enough to be considered mature.
Japan is the one of the largest markets in the world for products made from plant extracts.
Japan is the one of the most expensive countries on earth.
Japan is the only country against which atomic bombs have been used.
Japan is the only country in the world to endow the word with so much credibility.
Japan is the only country in the world to prohibit tandem riding.
Japan is the only country in the world with which the United States has a trade deficit.
Japan is the only country that currently conducts whaling for research purposes.
Japan is the only country that still conducts 'scientific' whaling.
Japan is the only country to have the atomic bomb used against it.
Japan is the only country which refuses to recognise the sanctuary.
Japan is the only developed nation that still bans the pill.
Japan is the only industrialised nation which prohibits use of the pill for contraceptive purposes.
Japan is the only major consumer nation where internal trade in tiger products is still legal.
Japan is the only nation to condone orca captures.
Japan is the only other country with observer status that practices capital punishment.
Japan is the opposite.
Japan is the other key to resolving the Asian crisis and our trade deficit.
Japan is the place to be.
Japan is the primary market for HSPP newsprint.
Japan is the prime example.
Japan is the real deal.
Japan is the real market because blubber is a delicacy there.
Japan is the reason karaoke bars haunt our society.
Japan is the region's biggest market and largest source of capital.
Japan is the root of All religion.
Japan is the second biggest telecommunications market in the world.
Japan is the second largest economy in the world after the United States.
Japan is the second largest economy in the world and an economic superpower.
Japan is the second largest economy in the world at present.
Japan is the second largest economy in the world following the United States.
Japan is the second largest economy in the world, vastly overshadowing any other Asian nation.
Japan is the second largest economy in the world.
Japan is the second largest importer.
Japan is the second largest market economy.
Japan is the second largest market for U.S. exports.
Japan is the second largest market in the world for telecommunications services.
Japan is the second largest national economy in the world today.
Japan is the second largest producer, as well as the number one consumer of silk.
Japan is the second largest provider of economic assistance to Peru behind only the United States.
Japan is the second largest single country importer with about five per cent of world oat imports.
Japan is the second largest source of merchandise imports for Australia.
Japan is the second largest trading partner of the United States and Korea is the eighth.
Japan is the second leading market for American products, trailing only Canada.
Japan is the second most powerful economy in the world.
Japan is the sick man of the world economy.
Japan is the single largest soybean customer.
Japan is the ski-jumping capital of the world.
Japan is the source for a majority of cultured saltwater pearls.
Japan is the source of many plums cultivated in America.
Japan is the strongest power in the region.
Japan is the survival of The Mu Kingdom.
Japan is the test bed for the world's wireless future.
Japan is the third biggest producer of automobiles in the world .
Japan is the third-largest market for U.S. merchandise.
Japan is the top country in the world for direct sales.
Japan is the top country.
Japan is the top donor to Tonga and the largest export market for Tongan products.
Japan is the U.S.'s largest export market in the agriculture and commercial aircraft sectors.
Japan is the United States' second largest overseas market.
Japan is the victim of an atom bomb attack.
Japan is the world s largest grain importer.
Japan is the world s largest importer of woodchips.
Japan is the world s second largest market for networking and telecommunications technologies.
Japan is the world's biggest consumer of whale meat.
Japan is the world's greatest exporter, or was.
Japan is the world's largest contributor of foreign aid.
Japan is the world's largest corn importer in most years.
Japan is the world's largest creditor, but it has found it difficult to exercise global leadership.
Japan is the world's largest donor of aid to developing countries.
Japan is the world's largest donor of foreign aid.
Japan is the world's largest food importer.
Japan is the world's largest importer of grains and oilseeds.
Japan is the world's largest net importer of agrifood, fish and beverage products.
Japan is the world's largest surplus and creditor country.
Japan is the world's leading importer of iron ore.
Japan is the world's leading silk consumer.
Japan is the world's most generous aid donor, and insists there is no connection with whaling votes.
Japan is the world's second largest consumer of PCs.
Japan is the world's second largest economy and by far Asia's biggest.
Japan is the world's second largest economy, after the United States.
Japan is the world's second largest economy, and it is Queensland s most important trading partner.
Japan is the world's second largest economy, second largest trader, and largest net creditor.
Japan is the world's second largest economy.
Japan is the world's second largest market for telecommunications products.
Japan is the world's second-largest building materials market.
Japan is the world's second-largest market for laser vision correction.
Japan is the world's second-largest toy market after the United States.
Japan is the world's second-ranking economic power with a limited but potent military.
Japan is the world's third largest importer after the United States and Germany.
Japan is the youngest of the nations.
Japan is thus clearly in a deflationary trend.
Japan is to be a great power in a community of great powers.
Japan is too crowded, Spain too backwards, Italy in reccesion.
Japan is too often out of sight and out of mind.
Japan is top on the list.
Japan is tops.
Japan is truly a sea country.
Japan is truly a unique society.
Japan is under an enormous amount of international pressure.
Japan is under increasing pressure to raise domestic rates.
Japan is undoubtedly a high-risk play.
Japan is unique in that there are initial gifts and gifts presented in return.
Japan is unlikely to muster the strength to haul the rest of Asia out of recession.
Japan is used to seeing volcanic eruptions.
Japan is used to the whole serial thing - it's a part of the culture.
Japan is very advanced in civil engineering.
Japan is very famous of earthquakes country.
Japan is very mis-shaped.
Japan is very much concerned about the development of such a situation in Pakistan.
Japan is very poor at diplomatic tactics.
Japan is very skeptical of cards, and cling on to cash.
Japan is very supportive of family.
Japan is very tough on the medical supply business.
Japan is very westernized, so many young people imitate American culture and fashion.
Japan is victorious in the Sino-Japanese war.
Japan is war like.
Japan is way ahead of the States in utilizing cell phones for Internet access and music.
Japan is wealthy as various figures and statistics show.
Japan is well advised to cool their heads preoccupied with aggression and to be prudent.
Japan is well advised to face up to the reality and make a right judgement and decision.
Japan is well known as a world leader in technology innovation.
Japan is well known as country of cherry blossoms.
Japan is well known for their pottery making and the tradition is over ten thousand years old.
Japan is well-known as having the biggest stock of public debt in the industrial world.
Japan is where the battlefield is.
Japan is within the range of both models.
Japan is world-renowned for having a high savings and investment rate.
Japan is, after all, the world's largest creditor and second largest economy.
Japan is, fortunately for mobile technology, very crowded, very congested.
Japan is, of course, directly involved in the fortunes of the Asian economies.
Japan is, on the whole, feeling somewhat guilty and somehow frustrated for being victimised.
Japan is, potentially, the biggest and most lucrative market for Norwegian whale meat and blubber.
Japan issues the first flying disc stamp ever.
Japan joins the following year.
Japan joins the space race, by launching a satellite into earth orbit.
Japan joins the United States in the fight against terrorism.
Japan keeps sinking, Europe floundering as it inflates.
Japan knows how to make guitars that last.
Japan lacks expert economists.
Japan lags behind the United States and other leaders in the Internet field.
Japan lags behind the United States in computer networking.
Japan lags severely in jet engine capabilities.
Japan launches a tiny Mars probe.
Japan launches sounding rocket.
Japan leads all the other countries in terms of optical fiber network.
Japan leads the region with about two-thirds revenue, followed by Australia, South Korea and Taiwan.
Japan leads the way in low-end camera sales, followed by North America.
Japan leads the way in mobile internet technology.
Japan leads the world in fuel cell implementation.
Japan leads the world in many technologies and research fields.
Japan leads the world in research and development of that technology.
Japan learns a lot of things from other countries.
Japan lies east of the peninsula across the Sea of Japan.
Japan lies in a zone of tectonic and volcanic activities and it has much precipitation every year.
Japan lies in one of the most earthquake active regions of the world.
Japan lies in the East Asia of North Pacific.
Japan lies to the East Asia.
Japan lies to the east of the Eurasian continent, and beyond Japan lies the Pacific Ocean.
Japan likes playing one-twos and playing the ball wide.
Japan likewise has a critical role to play.
Japan locates in east of the Eurasian Continent.
Japan Look no further.
Japan looks abroad.
Japan looks forward to continuing discussion on that basis.
Japan looks forward to further growth of international cooperation at grass root level.
Japan looks to foreign makers for paper cups Japan is a massive consumer of paper cups and dishes.
Japan loses credibility with such arguments.
Japan loses decisive naval battle of Midway.
Japan loves our music.
Japan lowers corporate rates and reforms corporate, individual, securities, and land taxes.
Japan maintains that the sanctuary had been proposed without sufficient scientific research.
Japan matches China's military spending.
Japan means absolutely nothing.
Japan meets and surpasses various conditions for a power-projection platform.
Japan merely needs to be educated on Canadian capabilities.
Japan moves first.
Japan moves into future with cool offering.
Japan needs a break from the past, younger people in politics and business.
Japan needs a lot of restructuring.
Japan needs far fewer lawyers than does the United States.
Japan needs incentive.
Japan Needs No Umbrella.
Japan needs oil and Iraq's got it, and Iraq can certainly use the cash Japan has.
Japan needs the Chinese market.
Japan needs the money that comes from exporting our textiles.
Japan needs the United States.
Japan needs to be more efficient in the financial arena, because it is ageing.
Japan needs to be that second locomotive.
Japan needs to become a normal great power in every respect.
Japan needs to build stronger competition policy.
Japan needs to continue to reduce regulation and increase competition in the domestic economy.
Japan needs to create an environment in which venture businesses are easy to develop.
Japan needs to do even more.
Japan needs to do so as well, by itself offering broad market access for foreign goods and services.
Japan needs to do so for domestic reasons.
Japan needs to learn some manners, in regard to selfishness, in a global community.
Japan needs to make real efforts to stimulate domestic demand and take in more Asian products.
Japan needs to protect the rest of Asia from Western Imperialism.
Japan needs two generations of heavy social engineering to catch up with the west socially.
Japan needs workers.
Japan never keeps it's promise.
Japan now accounts for about one third of all the world's new savings each year.
Japan now faces the colossal challenge of global competition.
Japan now finds itself on the hot seat.
Japan now has a great deal of excess plutonium.
Japan now has a new chiropractic college.
Japan now has an electoral system very similar to that of Germany.
Japan now knows it can say no.
Japan now ranks with European countries.
Japan now sits with a massive budget deficit and little growth in domestic demand to show for it.
Japan now stands at a great crossroads.
Japan now uses proportional representation in part.
Japan obviously needs to provide direct assistance to the countries concerned without delay.
Japan occupies a special place in the lore of orientalism.
Japan occupies an extensive space in the western end of the building.
Japan occupies Bougainville.
Japan occupies Manchuria following the Mukden Incident.
Japan occupies most of the Southeast Asia.
Japan offers a wealth of photographic opportunities.
Japan offers all levels and styles of accommodation to suite every wallet and every taste.
Japan offers fine mountain skiing, yet it most unique downhill opportunity is in a Tokyo suburb.
Japan offers good, though expensive skiing.
Japan offers guidance on calculating capital gains on stock dispositions.
Japan offers help Japan has offered to cancel the debts of the world's poorest countries.
Japan offers premises and equipment for trade promotion free of charge.
Japan offers the ideal, a combination of the truly exotic and the truly sanitary.
Japan officially annexes Korea and begin a thirty-five year annexation of Korea.
Japan only thinks of money.
Japan operates four stations in Antarctica.
Japan pays a sizable premium for Hawaiian bananas.
Japan pays more attention to the United States than vice versa.
Japan peels the Can stone, lies one.
Japan permits no assault or semi-automatic weapons.
Japan permits visits of foreign ships.
Japan persists, despite repeated international protests.
Japan places no restrictions on tar or nicotine content, or on tobacco advertising.
Japan places particular importance on arresting the global warming.
Japan plans a database of the nation's single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
Japan plans to burn plutonium in both conventional and fast breeder reactors.
Japan plans to demand safety tests for biotech foods produced domestically and abroad.
Japan plans to expand doctoral programs and create centers of excellence in research.
Japan plans to have an automated highway in operation in a decade.
Japan plays a big role in world wood products trade.
Japan plays an important role among the world's travel and tourism industries.
Japan plays the loser for the bronze medal.
Japan plays the role of Saudi Arabia.
Japan pleads whaling case on world wide web.
Japan pledges total of four million dollars in economic and military aid to support Gulf effort.
Japan poses key questions about a still enigmatic country.
Japan possesses a rich cultural tradition dating back many centuries.
Japan possesses some special national talent to make mass-merchandised junk really cool.
Japan prefers low-cost mass markets.
Japan prefers south sea hardwood plywood for concrete forms.
Japan presents a different picture.
Japan presents women with some unique difficulties.
Japan probably has a higher number of archaeologists per capita than any other country in the world.
Japan probably has the most successful recycling program in the world.
Japan produces more cultured pearls than any other country.
Japan produces only about half the food required by the population.
Japan promotes democratization and debt relief.
Japan promotes domestic development of nuclear power as an economic and carbon-free source of power.
Japan proposes an average five percent reduction by industrialised countries.
Japan proposes secret voting.
Japan protests United States embargo on aviation gasoline and scrap metal.
Japan protests United States' takeover of Hawaii.
Japan proves to be no exception.
Japan provides a good example of the difficulties that can occur.
Japan provides a vehicle and a strong support for the U.S. forward presence in the region.
Japan provides all citizens with access to primary and tertiary health care.
Japan provides an example.
Japan provides an excellent example here as far as applied science is concerned.
Japan provides emergency assistance of total Rs.
Japan provides emergency assistance tof total Rs.
Japan provides free public schooling for all children through junior high school.
Japan Provides information.
Japan provides interesting proof of the link between industrial pollution and breast cancer.
Japan provides large amounts of aid to developing nations throughout Asia.
Japan provides Rs.
Japan pursues the world's largest and most ambitious civilian plutonium program.
Japan puts another guard, Canada misses completely.
Japan puts up all kinds of phony barriers.
Japan quietly remilitarizes as it accepts a larger regional security role.
Japan ranks as the number four trading partner with Indiana behind Canada, the U.K. and Mexico.
Japan ranks as the number four trading partner with Ohio behind Canada, Mexico and France.
Japan ranks as the number nine trading partner with North Dakota.
Japan ranks as the number nine trading partner with South Dakota.
Japan ranks as the number two trading partner with Illinois behind only Canada.
Japan ranks as the number two trading partner with Iowa behind only Canada.
Japan ranks as the number two trading partner with Kansas behind only Canada.
Japan ranks as the number two trading partner with Minnesota behind only Canada.
Japan ranks as the number two trading partner with Ohio behind only Canada.
Japan ranks as the number two trading partner with Wisconsin behind only Canada.
Japan ranks third in the world for the number of ISPs and Internet seats.
Japan reacts by trying to keep the yen low against the dollar in order to regain falling exports.
Japan Read the reviews here.
Japan really has no marriage, much less Christian resources.
Japan really is a small country.
Japan really is or was different.
Japan really is the principal risk in our mind to global equities.
Japan receives surrender of Singapore.
Japan recognizes Egyptian independence.
Japan recognizes the Republic of Turkey.
Japan refuses to subscribe to it officially.
Japan regains independence.
Japan release only.
Japan relies heavily on nuclear power because it is poor in natural resources.
Japan relies heavily on overseas sources of raw materials.
Japan relies on U.S. imports of soybeans and corn.
Japan remains a huge market.
Japan remains a major draw for U.S. manufacturers of golf clubs.
Japan remains a massive net exporter of goods to the rest of the world.
Japan remains a society segregated according to gender.
Japan remains a strong competitor in the computer game industry.
Japan remains a very expensive place to do business despite the yen depreciation.
Japan remains a vital market for Canadian agri-food and fish exporters .
Japan remains an option.
Japan remains concerned about the missile threat from North Korea.
Japan remains constrained by excess capacity and a surfeit of both models and manufacturers.
Japan remains critical of India's protectionist and nuclear policies.
Japan remains deeply concerned about that situation.
Japan remains equally almost out of the debates.
Japan remains in a slump, with unemployment at near record levels and business sentiment gloomy.
Japan remains in recession, and both business and consumer confidence remain low.
Japan remains Indonesia's most important customer and supplier of aid.
Japan remains mired in recession.
Japan remains stuck in low growth and South Korea stalls.
Japan remains the only Asian country that still allows the sale of tiger parts.
Japan remains the only industrialized country without an environment impact assessment law.
Japan remains the only major country in the world which bans the pill for contraceptive purposes.
Japan remains the second largest source of overseas visitors to Australia, behind New Zealand.
Japan remains the sick man of Asia.
Japan remains the weak link on climate.
Japan remains wary of Pyongyang's intentions, however.
Japan removes barriers to import of vitamins.
Japan represents about three-fourths of the index.
Japan represents the fastest-growing opportunity.
Japan requires mandatory safety testing for all genetically modified crops coming into the country.
Japan returns to self-rule.
Japan s a long trip.
Japan s a very different case.
Japan s continuing problems continue to extend to the rest of Asia.
Japan saves one third of the world's total savings.
Japan says it has already compensated war victims sufficiently.
Japan says it is in recession.
Japan says it is trying to verify the footage.
Japan says that research is the main reason for the harpooning, but greenies dispute that.
Japan says that whales consume five times as much fish as humans.
Japan says the export of arms is strictly banned.
Japan says whale meat is only eaten to avoid waste after scientific tests have been completed.
Japan scallop carpaccio, black cod gindara, soba, wild mushroom tobanyaki, tempura ice cream.
Japan seeks a close alliance with the United States but also a more independent identity.
Japan seems eager to head off any controversy by acting as honest broker.
Japan seems far off everyone's radar screen.
Japan seems like a bazaar of mix and match clich s.
Japan seems paralyzed with no plan for recovery.
Japan seems to be full of vending machines.
Japan seems to be getting change the correspondence about it, too.
Japan seems to be known for quite a few really cool buiuldings.
Japan seems to be recovering, albeit slowly.
Japan seems to be slipping back into recession.
Japan seems to have been an exception in the early period.
Japan sees economic opportunities and strategic benefit in North Korea's change of direction.
Japan sees local currencies are far too unsecure.
Japan sees the same trend for the same reason.
Japan seizes North Vietnam.
Japan sells whales caught in the research hunting on the market for consumption.
Japan sends the most students to the U.S., followed by China and Korea.
Japan separates from Asia mainland.
Japan serves as a portal to the larger Pacific Rim market, which includes China and Southeast Asia.
Japan serves as an example of what can be done.
Japan sets extra budget Links to more Business stories are at the foot of the page.
Japan sets out on the road to modernization.
Japan sets sights on success in nanotechnology pdf .
Japan shares our views on the importance of the individual and the advantages of a free market.
Japan shows modest growth.
Japan shows signs of new militarism.
Japan shows weak interest in the region.
Japan shuuld adjust to the global standard.
Japan simply refuses to collect student background data.
Japan sinks deeper and deeper into a sea of red ink.
Japan sits on the fence.
Japan sits on the intersection of four tectonic plates thatgenerate a constant seismic risk.
Japan somehow resists the memory bank upgrade.
Japan spends a lot of doe on military kit.
Japan stands as Burma's fourth largest trading partner after Singapore, Thailand and China.
Japan stands at one extreme among noncommunist industrial nations.
Japan stands out from other developed countries regarding disparity between men and women.
Japan still has a long way to go and resistance remains in some Japanese circles.
Japan still has much to learn from Europe and to share with it.
Japan still has some bright spots.
Japan still has the hold on high quality magnets.
Japan still makes excellent games.
Japan still makes it extremely difficult for nations to export goods to Japan.
Japan still moves into the final.
Japan still operates for the benefit of bureaucrats and businessmen.
Japan still staggers along with zero interest rates and no growth.
Japan still stockpiles rice.
Japan still suffers from the effects of the blasts.
Japan stops issuing passports to picture brides due to anti-Japanese sentiments.
Japan stretches north to south in the shape of an arc.
Japan strongly supports U.S. leadership in the world.
Japan strongly urges both countries to cease immediately any military action against each other.
Japan submits rebuttal to tribunal in tuna catch case.
Japan succeed in putting in the puck first.
Japan sues for peace.
Japan suffers from a high suicide rate.
Japan suffers from none of the necessary preconditions for a collapse.
Japan supplies the bulk of humanitarian aid to Afghanistan.
Japan supports a democratic Montenegro within a democratic Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Japan supports a project in the Niger river basin.
Japan supports America's foreign debt.
Japan supports holding the Special Session and is planning to actively participate in it.
Japan sure loves that Pachinko, man.
Japan surpasses the U.S. in average days online per month.
Japan surrenders after two atomic bombs are dropped over Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Japan surrenders and comes under U.S. occupation for a time.
Japan surrenders five days after the second bomb.
Japan surrenders nine days later.
Japan surrenders to the United States, ending war in Pacific.
Japan suspends Iraqi oil imports.
Japan sweeps history under the carpet.
Japan takes a different approach, rejecting increased immigration.
Japan takes first steps towards protecting battered wives .
Japan takes Guam and Wake Island in the central Pacific.
Japan takes high school baseball seriously.
Japan tests nuclear weapons.
Japan thinks that the Iraqi side misunderstands the issue.
Japan too faces major challenges.
Japan too has an award for outstanding business accomplishment.
Japan too is active.
Japan too is full with many enigmas.
Japan top the table with six points.
Japan tour commemorative issue.
Japan trades with most of the countries in the world.
Japan truly is a world leader for all that is best in humanity.
Japan turns out some of the most incredible animation in the world, both the stories and the art.
Japan understands far more of Europe then Europe understands about Japan.
Japan understands that a sort of consensus is now emerging.
Japan undertakes significant direct trade with Africa.
Japan unveils largest-ever economic stimulus package.
Japan urges all the parties concerned including Israel to stop using force immediately.
Japan uses a mix of Chinese characters and native phonetic script .
Japan uses a mix of Chinese characters and native phonetic script.
Japan uses fish as a major source of food and is willing to pay higher prices for it.
Japan uses horses for military purposes as well as in agriculture and transportation.
Japan uses international signs easily identified by foreigners.
Japan uses nickel for semiconductors and for alloys for electronic components.
Japan uses the international metric system except when measuring the size of rooms.
Japan uses the metric system for scientific values.
Japan utilizes the adversarial system minimally.
Japan views the future as a logical extension of today's technology and social structure.
Japan views the missile unambiguously.
Japan views the rapid deterioration of the humanitarian situation in Kosovo with grave concern.
Japan wants one.
Japan wants to actively pursue the possibility of holding such an international conference.
Japan wants to increase the number of whales it can harvest each year.
Japan wants to lead international fundamental research in science and technology.
Japan warns against new sanctions over whale dispute.
Japan wars on China.
Japan watches warily as China rumbles with threats to Taiwan.
Japan wear sock by thickness.
Japan welcomes that the Resolution has entered the implementation stage.
Japan welcomes the recent agreement to establish a committee for the negotiations.
Japan wishes to resume hunting the larger Antarctic minke whale in the southern oceans.
Japans are countries.
Japans are islands.
Japans are lacquer.
Japans are part of pacifics.
Japans have beachs.
Japan always says it hopes the relaxation of tension and peace on the Korean peninsula.
Japan often depends on the American government to make important decisions.
All japan xxx most popular celebrities.
Japaneese people have warm and friendly behaviour.
Japaneese tin can.
Japanese acupuncture uses smaller needles and less stimulation of the acupuncture points.
Japanese adjectives differ from their English counterparts.
Japanese aesthetics create a tremendous global demand for fine wood.
Japanese agriculture is now in crisis.
Japanese aircraft attack the Philippines.
Most Japanese alcoholics have western form of the gene.
Japanese amateurs watch over the station and assist visiting amateurs.
Many Japanese amateurs do it.
Japanese analysts are less confident.
Japanese ancestry is a risk factor for normal-tension glaucoma.
Japanese andromeda is a broad-leaved evergreen shrub with handsome foliage and graceful flowers.
Japanese andromeda is used as a background or specimen plant.
Japanese andromedas are by nature shapely plants, so little pruning is required.
Japanese anemones are great for showy flower in the shade, too.
Japanese animation has it all, according to Jung.
Japanese animation is a special style of storytelling and filming.
Japanese animation is an extreme.
Japanese animation is essentially cartoons that are made in Japan.
Japanese animation is liked all across the world by many kinds of people young and old.
Japanese animation is perhaps the most advanced animation in the world.
Some Japanese animation is awful.
Japanese animators use practically the same material to make a cartoon as American animators.
Japanese anime can be big or simple.
Japanese anime has something for everyone.
Japanese anime is limited but special orders are taken.
Japanese anime oozes with goodies that are based from the shows themselves.
Japanese Antiques offers the finest in antiques, art, and folk craft from old Japan.
Japanese apples are bigger and sweeter than apples from other countries.
Japanese apricot is a beautiful, long-lived small tree that is best used as a specimen.
Japanese apricot is a small tree with a rounded to oval crown.
Japanese apricot is native to China.
Japanese apricot is typically free of serious disease or insect problems.
Japanese apricot performs best in full sun in well drained slightly acid soils.
Japanese archaeologists recognize, in general terms, four prehistoric and four historic periods.
Japanese architecture is very interesting.
Japanese armor is a microcosm of the exquisite artistry that abounds in Japanese art.
Japanese art adorns the walls.
Japanese Art Find Japanese art galleries and auctions worldwide.
Japanese art is characterized by unique polarities.
Japanese art is the simple expression of love for nature and religion.
Much Japanese art focuses on nature, particularly the sea.
Japanese artists sign their work, just as artists in other parts of the world do.
Many Japanese artists come to America, and every artist is surprised by the American audience.
Many Japanese artists present directly.
Japanese attire are generally more formal and conservative.
Japanese audience likes to hear it all.
Japanese authors are often very sloppy with units.
Japanese authorities are aware of the passport scheme, but smugglers merely avoid their watch.
Japanese automakers are reluctant to share information in the design phase.
Japanese automakers have that down to a science.
Japanese banks are even less likely to capture additional economies of scope.
Japanese banks are large with huge loan portfolios.
Japanese banks are notorious for maintaining separate personnel departments for years after union.
Japanese banks are notoriously slow.
Japanese banks are reluctant to lend to the myriad small and medium size businesses in Japan.
Japanese banks are under pressure to retire debt and willing to sell land at a loss when necessary.
Japanese banks collapse as crippled companies fail to repay their loans.
Japanese banks continue to post losses.
Japanese banks face tremendous credit problems and are unable to lend at normal levels.
Japanese banks have no external auditors, they classify their own non-performing loans.
Japanese banks have some problems of a different nature as well.
Japanese banks offer regular and time deposits and checking accounts for businesses.
Most Japanese banks are a sclerotic pile of vested interests and fossilized hierarchies.
Some Japanese banks have big foreign operations.
Japanese bars serve bowls of warm , salted edamame with beer.
Japanese barberries are barberries.
Japanese barberry is deciduous, and it is one of the first shrubs to leaf out in spring.
Japanese barberry is eaten by ruffed grouse, bobwhite, and pheasant.
Japanese barberry knows no boundaries and can survive in open space or forested areas.
Japanese baseball is good, and the pitching is very good.
Japanese baseball is like Japanese politics.
Japanese baseball is serious business, beginning early in the morning.
Japanese bath is prepared with a body-washing area outside the tub.
Japanese beads are considerably more expensive than Czech beads.
Japanese beads are more consistent in size, and usually have more durable finishes.
Japanese bees make mass attack on hornets.
Japanese beer is much stronger than American beer, and in our opinion, much better.
Japanese beetle are out statewide.
Japanese beetle continues to move westward with observations in southeastern Iowa.
Japanese beetle eats the flowers and foliage.
Japanese beetle eats the leaves down to the main veins.
Japanese beetle feeds on weigela.
Japanese beetle is a serious problem for the nursery industry.
Japanese beetle is most troublesome in the first two to three years after a planting is established.
Japanese beetle is one such quarantined pest in Missouri.
Japanese beetles are a more obvious visitor to soybean fields mid to late summer.
Japanese beetles are an interesting curiosity of human nature.
Japanese beetles are beetles.
Japanese beetles are daytime flyers and feeders.
Japanese beetles are here.
Japanese beetles are highly mobile and can infest fields regardless of field-use history.
Japanese beetles are insects.
Japanese beetles are often the most damaging insects.
Japanese beetles are out in full force.
Japanese beetles are pests in parts of northern and east central Alabama.
Japanese beetles are pests of northern and east central Alabama.
Japanese beetles are pests.
Japanese beetles are still numerous, but their numbers seem to already be dropping off.
Japanese beetles are the number one nuisance in many areas.
Japanese beetles are very active during the day and tend to appear in large groups on plants.
Japanese beetles are voracious foliage and fruit feeders.
Japanese beetles become pests.
Japanese beetles become plant pests.
Japanese beetles become serious pests.
Japanese beetles become serious plant pests.
Japanese beetles can also be a pest.
Japanese beetles can be a devastating insect to many plants in the landscape.
Japanese Beetles can devastate a rose at one sitting if undisturbed.
Japanese beetles Continue good coverage.
Japanese beetles do have several natural enemies.
Japanese beetles do have their favorite foods as well.
Japanese beetles eat the leaf areas between the veins and cause skeletonizing of the leaves.
Japanese beetles eat the leaves of roses.
Japanese beetles escape winter cold as grubs in the ground.
Japanese beetles feed on aster.
Japanese beetles feed on plants.
Japanese beetles feed on ripe raspberry and blackberry fruit, as well as leaves.
Japanese beetles feed on the late blooms or the leaves.
Japanese beetles find backyards.
Japanese beetles find urban backyards.
Japanese beetles have a one-year life cycle.
Japanese beetles make lacework out of grapevine leaves.
Japanese beetles seem to be plentiful, but only in scattered localities.
Japanese beetles start zooming in toward the end of the month.
Most japanese beetles become pests.
Most japanese beetles become plant pests.
Most japanese beetles become serious pests.
Most japanese beetles become serious plant pests.
Most japanese beetles feed on plants.
Most japanese beetles find backyards.
Most japanese beetles find urban backyards.
Some japanese beetles play big roles.
Some japanese beetles play roles.
Japanese bikes is a real joy.
Many Japanese bikes have orange running lights up front integrated into the signal light housing.
Japanese bills are the same width, but differ in color and length.
Japanese boats use longlines only.
Japanese Bobtails are affectionate and extremely intelligent. .
Japanese Bobtails come in both shorthaired and semi-longhaired varieties.
Japanese Bobtails love to play a good game of fetch.
Japanese bombers inflict thousands of casualties in Chungking, China.
Japanese bombers paste Rangoon.
Japanese boxwood is less susceptible.
Japanese boys buy and keep each summer.
Japanese boys sound like twenty year old women.
Japanese brands take much of the American car market leaving American car makers hurting.
Japanese breadcrumbs are a favorite breading.
Japanese bureaucrats find new way to get out of work, shirk responsbility .
Japanese bureaucrats help direct the microeconomy.
Japanese businesses follow closely.
Many Japanese businesses agree.
Japanese businessmen examine the openings scientifically.
Japanese businessmen live comfortably in a housing complex within the zone.
Japanese businessmen look at a stock quotation board outside a securities brokerage.
Japanese callers volunteer their time.
Japanese candlesticks are one of most important technical tools.
Japanese candlesticks are one of today's most important technical tools.
Japanese candlesticks offer a glimmer into the psychology of short-term trading activity.
Japanese candy is where it's at.
Japanese capability is available in both the English and Japanese versions.
Japanese capital goes toward remodeling water pipe systems and other projects.
Japanese cars are expensive in America.
Japanese cars are still very popular, however, American cars are getting better.
Japanese cars have almost no value as collector's cars.
Some japanese carriers lead attacks.
Japanese cartoons are deeper than most American ones.
Some japanese chars have part of the tile as the first half, and part as the second half.
Japanese character writing Japanese character writing uses three 'alphabets' at once.
Japanese characters are different.
Japanese characters are double-byte.
Japanese characters come up on the screen, no English.
Japanese chefs prefer single sided knives.
Japanese chefs prepare food for taste AND visual appeal.
Japanese chefs take justifiable pride in the quality of their food.
Japanese children are probably the world's hardest-studying.
Japanese children are very shy.
Japanese children carry a homework journal for communication between parents and teachers.
Japanese children do study very hard.
Japanese children have higher average intelligence scores than American children.
Japanese children hook little fingers to show they intend to keep a promise.
Japanese children like to wear Western-style clothes and like new, cool, fashionable styles.
Most Japanese children write with pencils and pens when they do school work.
Some Japanese chisels require steeper bevel angles than others.
Japanese chopsticks taper to a point.
Japanese citizens are insecure about the future.
Japanese citizens have the greatest and most direct contact with local governments.
Japanese cities are notoriously difficult to navigate.
Japanese cities are usually very clean, unlike Korean cities, with the notable exception of Seoul.
Japanese cities are very modern, with most homes full of all kinds of electronic gadgets.
Japanese cities suffer from traffic congestion like many other cities in the world.
Most Japanese cities have excellent public transit systems for non-drivers.
Japanese climate varies according to the district very much.
Japanese coins have floral designs, while paper money has portraits of intellectuals.
Most Japanese colleges have a job placement office to which the companies bring their job offers.
Japanese Comics Are All Business.
Japanese commentators blame the rise on a variety of influences.
Japanese commuters look for on their vehicles.
Japanese commuters seem to have a sixth-sense when it comes to railway timetables.
Japanese companies announce investments in wood processing in China.
Japanese companies are a case in point.
Japanese companies are also major suppliers.
Japanese companies are aware of the transformational potential and importance of the Internet.
Japanese companies are commercial organizations.
Japanese companies are eager to adopt such a novel design.
Japanese companies are heavily involved in recycling and keeping the environment clean.
Japanese companies are heavily registered to the standard, followed by a strong showing in Europe.
Japanese companies are incapable of doing so.
Japanese companies are unable to grasp their IT needs when facing business changes and challenges.
Japanese companies are very much involved with religious rites too.
Japanese companies have a lot of hierarchy and levels.
Japanese companies have a strong sense of responsibility to society.
Japanese companies have a track record second to none when it comes to innovation.
Japanese companies have large unrecorded pension obligations.
Japanese companies have the highest rate of employee participation regarding quality.
Japanese companies invest more in worker education and training than do their U.S. counterparts.
Japanese companies join international fight against malaria.
Japanese companies let their record of innovative products speak for itself.
Japanese companies maintain much greater parity between the pay at the top and at the bottom.
Japanese companies make such swell toys.
Japanese companies move their employees around often at short notice.
Japanese companies remain dominant in the rankings.
Japanese companies seem to run like well-oiled machines.
Japanese companies sign agreements to jointly develop and market mobile commmunications services.
Japanese companies tend to have unique operations.
Japanese companies tend to sort students based on the universities from which they belong.
Japanese companies tend to take a more intuitive approach to management.
Japanese companies train workers to do a specific job only.
Japanese companies turn to the seas for answers to global problems.
Japanese companies use information.
Japanese company tries to patent curry.
Many Japanese companies can no longer afford to even make interest payments.
Many Japanese companies open plants and branches in Asian countries.
Many Japanese companies provide employees with quiet, darkened relaxation rooms.
Many Japanese companies provide meishi guidelines for new employees.
Many Japanese companies receive hundreds of letters every week from all over the world.
Most Japanese companies are still in very local when it comes to language and conceptual thinking.
Most Japanese companies create an employee manual when they first set up their U.S. operations.
Most japanese companies use information.
Some Japanese companies are in both the television and computer businesses.
Some Japanese companies fear a backlash.
Some japanese companies find immune responses.
Some japanese companies find responses.
Some japanese companies have blocks.
Some Japanese companies use sawdust compacted by machine in Indonesia to make bincho charcoal.
Japanese confectioners are very industrious, creating sweets to suit every taste and event.
Japanese consumers appear to be buying new products including more exotic fruits and vegetables.
Japanese consumers appear to pay the most for a much smaller seahorse.
Japanese consumers are concerned about doing business with small retailers.
Japanese consumers are extremely concerned about the safety of their food.
Japanese consumers are famous for being some of the most demanding customers in the world.
Japanese consumers are in debt.
Japanese consumers are notoriously finicky and fickle.
Japanese consumers are ready for e-commerce, and Japan's market is the best suited to it.
Japanese consumers are sophisticated and demanding.
Japanese consumers are the most brand concious and best educated in the world.
Japanese consumers deserve a greater choice of products and services.
Japanese consumers expect more than they once did.
Japanese consumers feel obligated to save because they have to save with regulatory structures.
Japanese consumers pay high prices.
Japanese consumers prefer sweeter tomatoes with fruit that is more pink.
Japanese consumers spend the most on food away from home, while Mexico spends the least.
Most Japanese consumers access the Internet wirelessly, through their phones.
Japanese consumption is also weak because employment continues to fall.
Japanese contents is here.
Japanese control goes into the eastern corner of Mongolia.
Japanese cooks use a lot of seaweed in their dishes.
Japanese cooking is mild and sauces are usually served on the side for dipping.
Japanese coopers make tubs and pails using strips of bamboo to hold the staves in place.
Japanese corporations are wary about Peru and, indeed, all of Latin America.
Japanese corporations continue to do business with French and Chinese companies and the governments.
Japanese corporations give almost no financial information to their stockholders.
Japanese corporations pay lip service to merit-based approaches.
Some Japanese corporations use aromatherapy to keep workers alert.
Japanese costs are even higher.
Japanese couples are no exceptions.
Japanese Course Welcome to our school web sight.
Japanese courses incorporate a variety of computer-driven teaching and learning strategies.
Japanese courts are often lenient if someone accused of a crime shows remorse.
Japanese craft move through the defence lines.
Japanese crafts are well developed, particularly metal working, pottery and lacquer.
Japanese creativity performs best in a freely competitive environment.
Many Japanese cruisers take styling cues from America, but the engineering is decidedly Asian.
Japanese cucumbers are much smaller than the American variety.
Japanese cuisine includes shrimp, lobster, chicken, steak and sushi.
Japanese cuisine is cheap nowhere in the world.
Japanese cuisine is one of simplicity bordering on the austere.
Japanese cuisine is served here, and wine is also offered.
Japanese cuisine uses a lot of seafood.
Japanese cult launches deadly sarin nerve gas attack on Tokyo subway system.
Japanese culture attracts many people to the study of Japanese language.
Japanese culture claims it as a traditional delicacy.
Japanese culture emphasizes the ceremony, while the Chinese accentuates the tea.
Japanese culture is less driven to reproduction, so abortion can be more routine.
Japanese culture is presented in essays, links, and mailed-out HS tapes.
Japanese culture is rich and full of celebrations, traditions and an undying devotion to family.
Japanese culture is rich in myths and legends which are still alive.
Japanese culture is under control yet in Korea, but it was released partially a few months ago.
Japanese culture is unique.
Japanese culture is very different from European or American culture.
Japanese culture revolves a great deal around 'inside' and 'outside' groups.
Japanese culture tends to place the group first.
Japanese culture trains Japanese to be attentive in receiving signals.
Japanese currency is illustrated above.
Japanese customs is fairly lenient and allows bringing in items necessary for personal use.
Japanese customers are very conscious of quality and attention to detail.
Japanese customers benefit from an expanded character set.
Japanese customers please contact our japanese distributor .
Japanese dancers raise the poles at the entrance into the Olympic opening ceremony.
Japanese darts are different from american darts.
Japanese data indicate another point of interest.
Japanese democracy is behind American democracy.
Japanese designers star at fusing fashion and technology.
Japanese developers are good at that.
Japanese dialogue is subtitled, if that counts.
Japanese differences change nature of Chinese model.
Japanese dishes are well beloved for their high quality and intricate craftmanship.
Many Japanese dishes require boiling of vegetables in water before further handling.
Japanese displays are a reflection of the season, celebration, or honored guest.
Japanese displays are fluid.
Japanese drivers honk at other people in a way to express their frustration to others.
Most Japanese economists accept that deregulation is the best means to promote sustained growth.
Japanese economy is in spin.
Japanese economy is perfectly true.
Japanese economy is stagnant.
Japanese edition is available now.
Japanese edition is here .
Japanese education is focused on the latter.
Japanese education is free through college level.
Japanese eggplant is a popular choice, as are carrots.
Japanese eggplant is smaller and thinner than regular eggplant.
Japanese eggplants are a beautiful purple color.
Japanese elections are only four months away.
Some Japanese elites appears to have favoured a fresh new election to be held in Burma.
Japanese embroidery is worked on a special frame that holds the fabric drum-tight.
Japanese encephalitis begins like flu with headache, fever, and weakness.
Japanese encephalitis carries a high fatality rate.
Japanese encephalitis is a mosquito borne viral disease affecting mainly pigs, horses and humans.
Japanese encephalitis is a mosquito-borne viral zoonosis in East Asian countries.
Japanese encephalitis is a risk in Hanoi and in rural areas.
Japanese encephalitis is a tropical disease.
Japanese encephalitis is caused by the bite of a mosquito that lives in certain parts of Asia.
Japanese encephalitis is diseases.
Japanese encephalitis is the most common form of epidemic viral encephalitis in the world.
Japanese encephalitis is viral infection.
Japanese encephalitis occurs sporadically.
Japanese engineers create future robots.
Japanese engineers listen to the customer first and foremost.
Japanese enterprises are famous in making continuous minor improvements to excel their competitors.
Japanese entrees are also available.
Most Japanese epidemiologists believe that fatty foods are responsible for most of the increases.
Japanese executives are in a quandary over how to respond.
Japanese executives continue to hold on to their jobs.
Japanese executives possess great sophistication and savvy in the international arena.
Some Japanese executives say the show was a harbinger of things to come.
Japanese exhibits are usually more specific and feature one title per exhibit.
Japanese expenditure is three times our level.
Japanese exports fall.
Japanese exporters follow that lead created by Japanese investors, and export like crazy.
Japanese factories begin to open in America, particularly where American industry has shut down.
Japanese families keep teapots full of hot water on hand to use against intruders.
Many Japanese families begin their day with a bowl of miso soup.
Many Japanese families have pets, just like families in other countries.
Some Japanese families are strongly Buddhist.
Japanese fans are deadly weapons.
Japanese fans are more quiet.
Japanese fans are the most orderly, rehearsed, and enthusiastic fans in all of baseball.
Japanese fans are very polite, on the other hand.
Japanese fans seem somewhat less passionate about the name flap.
Japanese fans watch the Japanese players in America with interest and joy.
Japanese farmers raise a tremendous variety in crops and livestock.
Some Japanese farmers grow melons inside cube-shaped containers.
Japanese fashion is a mixture of several totally different subcultures.
Japanese fathers are accustomed to heavy work obligations and often work very long hours.
Japanese fathers work very long hours.
Japanese female has outgoing, serious, intelligent, inquisitive character.
Japanese females are almost always cute and it certainly shows in the video games.
Japanese fighter drops bomb within six complete heats.
Japanese fighters attack American carriers.
Japanese fighters can perform kamikaze missions.
All Japanese fighters are grounded.
Japanese films is created.
Japanese financiers are still rather conservative.
Japanese fire belly newts live in excess.
Japanese fireworks are most elaborate and gorgeous.
Japanese firms can imitate the inventions before the patents can be registered.
Japanese firms dominate the equipment market in Asia.
Japanese firms hide from both.
Japanese firms open factories in Tennessee to build cars for export to Canada.
Japanese firms present a significant competitive challenge, one likely to grow in the years ahead.
Japanese firms take a lead in environmental business practice.
Every Japanese firm is a contender.
Most Japanese firms run with the pack.
Japanese fishers regard it as a nuisance, as it damages the nets.
Japanese fishermen fly kites to check winds before they set out to sea.
Some japanese fishermen find bottlenose dolphins.
Some japanese fishermen find dolphins.
Japanese Flag Provides information about the regulations governing the flying of the flag.
Japanese flowers are very beautiful.
Japanese fluency is a plus.
Japanese folklore rates the tanuki as the masters of transformation arts.
Japanese font is HERE .
Japanese food is actually quite good.
Japanese food is also available on the menu.
Japanese food is as good as any in the world, and it's best on our island of Hokkaido.
Japanese food is born again.
Japanese food is highly seasonal, and the izakaya menus reflect that.
Japanese food is imported from all around the world.
Japanese food is remarkably low in fat.
Japanese food is the norm, of course.
Japanese food is very good.
Japanese food is very light and clean.
Japanese food offers a great chance for a healthy meal.
Japanese food relies on the integrity and flavor of the ingredients more than on technique.
Japanese forces capture Nanking,real China.
Japanese forces cross from Burma into India.
Japanese funerals are normally elaborate Buddhist ceremonies that entail cremation.
Japanese gangs recruit women from the Philippines to work in brothels using Web sites.
Japanese garden has many styles, it is like sand, rocks, pond, stream, moss, and trees.
Japanese garden includes seven and a half acres of oriental gardens.
Japanese gardens are closely related to ink paintings, in which line plays a major role.
Japanese gardens are legendary throughout the entire world.
Japanese gardens are more planned, with moving water and fish, and much more color.
Japanese gardens are the broader category.
Japanese gardens emphasise the use of rocks to create three dimensional pictures in stone.
Japanese gardens have their own unique designs and features .
Japanese gardens have their own unique designs and features.
Japanese gardeners prefer the balance afforded by long handles and moderate blade lengths.
Japanese ginger produces a spicy rhizome with thin skin and yellow inner flesh.
Some japanese gingers produce rhizomes.
Japanese girls are coy, but never promiscuous.
Japanese girls take each other's photos.
Japanese goods do sales to the foreign guest.
Japanese government considers introducing defined contribution pension plans.
Japanese government decide one guide line for school education.
Japanese government gives Indonesia emergency aid.
Japanese government has no right to steal private properties.
Japanese government recognizes problems.
Most japanese government recognizes problems.
Japanese grammar is considerably free in word order and allows high abridgement.
Japanese grammar is considerably free in word order and allows high abridgment.
Japanese groceries sell burdock as gobo.
Many Japanese growers read sophisticated foreign literature about growing indors under lamps.
Japanese guide is here.
Japanese haiku is translated and compared to work submitted by readers.
Japanese hipsters pay top dollar for sweaty old sneakers.
Japanese history is rich in examples of creativity.
Japanese history is the embodiment of imperial history.
Japanese hobbyists collect many different forms with variegated foliage.
Japanese holidays are all national, but festivals are often regional.
Japanese hollies tolerate severe pruning.
Japanese homes are generally very unviolent.
Japanese homes are small and have dividers to change the size of the rooms.
Japanese homes are very small and simplicity and neatness are paramount.
Many Japanese homes have at least one room that contains tatami mats.
Most Japanese homes are very small.
Japanese homepage is here.
Japanese honeysuckle has a relatively high nutrient value.
Japanese honeysuckle is aggressive, forms dense mats, and climbs native shrubs and trees.
Japanese honeysuckle is an important white-tailed deer food and is often invasive.
Japanese honeysuckle is edible and medicinal.
Japanese honeysuckle is native to eastern Asia.
Japanese honeysuckles are honeysuckles.
Japanese households have huge savings.
Every Japanese household has one.
Japanese immigrant works harder as blindness nears .
Japanese immigrants buy land and compete with established farmers.
Japanese imperialists decide to stage the attack.
Japanese Imports are popular and affordable.
All Japanese imports contain English text.
Japanese importers do often request a certificate of origin for all goods.
Japanese importers prefer fresh chilled pork transported by air freight.
Japanese industrialists weld together smart painting robots.
Japanese industry can use about eight mt, while the Russian market needs at least one mt.
Japanese Industry Hollows Out.
Japanese industry is keenly aware of the importance of sourcing on a global scale.
Japanese industry is loose in that it uses vague contracts.
Japanese industry is very proud of their role in minimizing the cost of protecting the ozone layer.
Japanese infants display more resistant attachment patterns.
Japanese influences are also evident in food, housing, and other elements of the culture.
Japanese influences inspire luxurious caviar, lobster and truffle specialties.
Japanese information is here .
Some Japanese inns can be very reasonable and can be more interesting than staying in a hotel.
Japanese input using standard English keyboard is also simple.
Japanese inscription is under the wooden base.
Japanese inspections are unusually strict.
Japanese inspectors are sticklers for cleanliness.
Japanese insurers are formidable competitors and market leaders.
Japanese integrators are less likely to employ cutting edge technologies.
Japanese intelligence is wrong.
Japanese interests own more ships operating in the region than any other country.
Some Japanese interns prefer a more personal style of culture exchange.
Japanese Internet is closed.
Japanese introduction is also available.
Japanese inventors unveil the paperless toilet.
Japanese investment is minimal.
Japanese investors are very interested in learning about U.S. markets and equities trading.
Japanese investors have reason to be fearful of investing in the United States.
Many Japanese investors have very customized index needs.
Many Japanese investors remain enamored of the bond market.
Japanese irises do well in partial shade to full sun.
Japanese Irises form large lavish hardy clumps and are highly decorative.
Japanese irises have flowers.
Most japanese irises have flowers.
Japanese jumpers become stronger, too.
Japanese kamikazes attack the supporting naval fleet.
Japanese kids are a riot.
Japanese kids are hilarious.
Japanese kids spend a large part of their early schooling memorizing Chinese characters.
Japanese Kimono Learn about different types of kimonos and what they mean.
Japanese kites are wonderful.
Japanese knowledge is an asset.
Japanese labels are in English and Japanese.
Japanese language Includes basic conversation, numbers, and directions.
Japanese language is helpful, but English is sufficient in most cases.
Japanese language is offered at all levels.
Japanese language is preferable, but English is sufficient in most cases.
Japanese language is the most important tool to communicate Japanese people.
Japanese language skills a plus.
Japanese lanterns come in many styles, each with unique symbolism and significance.
Japanese law dictates that phytosanitary decisions are based on variety by variety testing.
Japanese law does place restrictions on bank equity holdings.
Japanese law forbids the extradition of Japanese nationals.
Japanese law holds that a husbands absence constitutes divorce.
Japanese law is based on the postwar constitution.
Japanese law links A home page for lawyers and academics in English-speaking jurisdictions.
Japanese law prohibits religious organizations from owning for-profit businesses.
Japanese laws prohibit mangas from showing hardcore pictures - explicit drawings.
Japanese laws recognise divorce, granted on mutual consent, on a form signed by both parties.
Japanese laws require that bikes sold there operate with a proportional power system.
Japanese leaders are also uneasy about China.
Japanese leaders are capable of saying no in the vibrant language of yes.
Japanese leaders are of two minds about China.
Japanese leaders believe the war is all but over.
Many Japanese learners find listening difficult to learn for they have less control over it.
Japanese life is basically pretty nice.
Japanese lights illuminate the bamboo fence complementing the overall background.
Japanese lilac trees provide homes.
Japanese literature is literary work.
Japanese literature is one of the richest in the world.
Japanese literature reveals much of the history, culture, and values, of Japan.
Japanese macaques are gentle creatures that display frequent social interactions.
Japanese macaques are predominantly quadrupedal and can be considered semi-terrestrial.
Japanese macaques have faces.
Japanese macaques live at the northernmost latitude of any nonhuman primate.
Most japanese macaques have faces.
Some japanese macaques demonstrate behavior.
Some japanese macaques demonstrate intelligent behavior.
Some japanese macaques have pouches.
Some japanese macaques have predators.
Some japanese macaques have thumbs.
Some japanese macaques inhabit coasts.
Some japanese macaques inhabit island coasts.
Some japanese macaques live in cages.
Some japanese macaques live in indoor cages.
Some japanese macaques live in small cages.
Some japanese macaques survive temperature.
Some japanese macaques survive winter temperature.
Japanese magazines are interested in the odyssey story.
Japanese magazines specializing in prestigious watches frequently send their editors to Switzerland.
Many Japanese majors go on to pursue graduate and professional training as well.
Japanese makers are interested in the business sector as well as individual consumers.
Japanese makers face a number of problems in China.
Japanese makers provide some technical guidance, and high- quality gloves are made.
Some Japanese makers buy parts from overseas and complete the products in Japan.
Some Japanese makers claim.
Japanese men are also too busy working for a company rather than serving the family.
Japanese men are blatantly male chauvinists and women seem shamefully exploited and suppressed.
Japanese men can apply their lover letter writing skills in a new mobile phone matchmaking service.
Japanese men drink more tea than coffee.
Japanese men get a bad rap, and to be honest, quite a few deserve it.
Japanese men have many expectations that revolve around image, stature, and possession.
Japanese men have much fewer deaths from heart disease and prostate cancer.
Japanese men have much lower rates of heart disease and death from prostate cancer.
Japanese men have the longest lifespan in the world.
Japanese men make use of an internet cafe in Tokyo.
Japanese men wear kimonos, Samoan men wear sarongs, and bedouin men wear flowing robes.
Many Japanese men are absentee parents.
Many Japanese men define themselves by the company they work for rather than the job they do.
Japanese management emphasizes integral processes while the Internet philosophy values autonomy.
Japanese manufacturers are unlikely to face imminent bans on lead from their own government.
Japanese manufacturers do business with hundreds of American parts suppliers.
Japanese manufacturers offer high technology and quality.
Japanese manufacturers pump out antibacterial telephones, scissors and deposit books.
Many Japanese manufacturers go overseas mainly for production of manganese dry batteries.
Japanese manufacturing is a major part of Japan's economic strength.
Japanese maples are famous for their diversity.
Japanese maples are grafted for leaf shape or color.
Japanese maples are great four season trees, particularly the weeping varieties.
Japanese maples are ideal small ornamental trees and come in a variety of colors and forms.
Japanese maples are maples.
Japanese maples are well known for their oriental appearance and striking beauty.
Japanese maples perform best in a slightly shady location.
Japanese maples provide some of the most stunning fall color.
Some japanese maples grow in zones.
Many Japanese markets sell little plastic molds used to press sticky cooked rice into onigiri.
Japanese marriage has many history.
Japanese marriage is thought that to connect family and family.
Japanese masks are part of a very old and highly sophisticated and stylized theatrical tradition.
Japanese meals do end with dessert.
Japanese meetings have a reputation for appearing to decide very little.
Japanese members can retrieve useful information for their life.
Japanese memories are painfully fresh on the subject of earthquakes.
Japanese messages are welcome.
Japanese metal acetate with deluxe pink cover.
Japanese millet grows best in wet soils.
Japanese millet is adapted to wetter soils than other annual grasses planted for forage.
Japanese millet is an exceptional wildlife plant.
Japanese millet responds well to nitrogen fertilizer and manure.
Japanese millets are millets.
Japanese ministers are active in holding home meetings and regular Bible studies in outlying places.
Japanese mint is the species from which menthol is extracted.
Japanese mode is here.
Japanese models are mass produced and reliable, but very common and often unattractive.
Japanese models site.
Japanese monkeys live throughout the country except in Hokkaido.
Japanese mothers expect their children to be self-reliant, too.
Japanese mothers feel that they have to do their best to bring up the children.
Japanese mothers work hard to foster infant and child dependence.
Japanese music is rich with a vast array of traditional instruments.
Japanese Myths Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Japanese names are also acceptable .
Japanese names consist of a family name, followed by a given name.
Japanese names follow the practice of surname first.
Japanese names have two parts.
Japanese nationals are welcome, pursuing a special course of study designed for native speakers.
Japanese Newspapers Select Japanese Newspapers by name to view current news online.
Japanese newspapers take periodic holidays when only the sports tabloids are available.
Many Japanese newspapers have English news on the web.
Japanese nouns have neither number nor gender.
Japanese nouns resemble English uncountable nouns.
Japanese obedience is so deep it is likely genetic.
Japanese offerings are much more extensive than English offerings.
Japanese officials claim that there is no way to conduct the research without killing whales.
Japanese officials concede that the problem has to be addressed.
Japanese officials say there is no way to conduct research without killing whales.
Some Japanese officials believe the unstated U.S. objective is to keep Japan weak.
Some Japanese officials seem to be edging toward that approach.
Japanese operators are wary of technology for technology's sake.
Japanese oranges have a special meaning to the people who live in the Canadian Prairies.
Japanese organizations impose cross-functional management on their functional structure.
Japanese pachinko is a major source of remittances to North Korea.
Japanese page exists now.
Japanese page has a lot more detail.
Japanese page is also available.
Japanese page is also avialable.
Japanese page is available.
Japanese page is here .
Japanese page is Here .
Japanese page is HERE .
Japanese page is here.
Japanese page is only available now.
Japanese pages are also available here.
Japanese pages are also available.
Japanese pages are here .
Japanese pages have a lot more information, specifically local information.
Japanese pages have extensive information resources.
Japanese pages have more information.
Many Japanese pages require a Japanese capable browser to view Japanese characters.
Japanese paper is a result of the natural processing of a natural material.
Japanese papers say two automakers strengthening their investment ties.
Japanese parents interfere too much.
Japanese parents let cloth carps fly in the sky wishing their children's healthy growth.
Japanese parents see their children really miserable.
Japanese participants are as follows.
Japanese passengers constitute the largest group of transpacific flights.
Japanese pastries are low fat, low sugar and mostly derived from bean pastes and flour.
Japanese patients stay in hospital for some time after their operation.
Japanese patriotism is the hideous mask of worldwide robbery.
Japanese patrons know it and accept it.
Japanese peonies have five or more petals and a center of feathery structures called staminodes.
Japanese people accept and adhere to many faiths.
Japanese people appear to love a lot of American culture.
Japanese people are brown.
Japanese people are considerate and shy.
Japanese people are creative but in their own way.
Japanese people are ethnic groups.
Japanese people are extremely particular about food.
Japanese people are generally very curious about other cultures and histories.
Japanese people are inherently evil, and basically subhuman.
Japanese people are Martian too.
Japanese people are nice.
Japanese people are on the average much smaller in stature than people of western Europe.
Japanese people are probably the most insular people when it comes to interracial marriage.
Japanese people are smart and they work well together.
Japanese people are somehow very practical.
Japanese people are typically scared of working for a foreign company.
Japanese people are very attached to their culture and tradition.
Japanese people are very curious about the age of a person.
Japanese people are very friendly.
Japanese people are very good at seeking and providing information on a personal basis.
Japanese people are very private.
Japanese people are very tactful.
Japanese people are wonderful to our children.
Japanese people attach importance to the family line.
Japanese people bow everywhere.
Japanese people can no longer expect to eat whales.
Japanese people can open accounts with foreign banks and invest.
Japanese people complain about their attitude.
Japanese people don t eat bread.
Japanese people eat natto, a form of rotten fermented soybean.
Japanese people eat sushi.
Japanese people eat their food with chopsticks.
Japanese people have a different view.
Japanese people have several problems in communicating in English.
Japanese people have the longest life span of any nationality.
Japanese people like to inquire about people's physical conditions and moods.
Japanese people like to visit temples.
Japanese people love gadgets.
Japanese people love to have a party in Western style, and a Wedding party is of no exception.
Japanese people love to hold festivals where fireworks are used to celebrate special occasions.
Japanese people love to read weather forecasts and check out train timetables on their phones.
Japanese people make it simpler.
Japanese people respect for other's opinion, are considerate of people who are in same group.
Japanese people seem to like taking drugs for colds or stomach problems in their daily lives.
Japanese people take few vitamin supplements.
Japanese people tend to emphasize relation between a husband s family and a wife s family.
Japanese people tend to establish deep relations more slowly and less easily.
Japanese people tend to keep quiet when somebody is speaking.
Japanese people think of tanukis as having big, round bellies sticking out in front.
Japanese people think that stock investing is like gambling.
Japanese people understand Japanese community best.
Japanese people use forks, knives, and spoons, in addition to chopsticks.
Japanese people wants to taste opium replacing wheat in Shan State.
Japanese people write sentences vertically as well as horizontally.
All Japanese people are very small.
Many Japanese people go to Hawaii on the new year holidays.
Many Japanese people go to parks to have a casual party under cherry blossoms in the spring.
Many Japanese people have the case of bad teeth.
Many Japanese people know a little English.
Many Japanese people know a strong wrestler.
Many Japanese people misunderstand it.
Many Japanese people play baseball on holidays.
Many Japanese people revere Kyoto, feeling the city represents Japanese sensibilities.
Most Japanese people are unaware of the difficulties faced in other countries.
Most Japanese people change water once a day, after all family members finished taking a bath.
Most Japanese people eat seaweed daily.
Most Japanese people have an interest in the English language.
Most Japanese people imagine Kyoto when they think about old Japan.
Some Japanese people are concerned about the sufferings of Asian people.
Japanese PIs are able to process their own data before the CDs are sent out.
Japanese places are pretty good.
Japanese planes are also the poorest qualitatively, but more about that later.
Japanese plants grown in the U.S. are exotic.
Japanese players are also more interested in simulation games than their American counterparts.
Japanese players enjoy the game.
Japanese plums are in the shuck.
Japanese plums are larger than European plums and it is a stronger race.
Japanese plums are plums.
Japanese plums are vigourous growers and fruit best on young wood.
Japanese plums prefer lighter loamy soils.
Japanese poetry suggests rather than states.
Japanese police are very strict about violation of parking rules.
Japanese police have the authority to pursue suspects onto military installations.
Japanese police shave little kid's heads when they are bad.
Japanese policy is split.
Japanese politicians compromise on a banking reform law.
Most Japanese politicians look upon the politics as their game, or their privilege.
Japanese ponies are particularly famous for their hair.
Japanese pops are also great as well.
Japanese posters are usually about the size of an American half-sheet.
Most Japanese posters are on thin paper stock and printed on both sides.
Japanese premiers come and go.
Japanese primatology is a carefully disciplined subjective science.
Japanese prints cover the walls.
Japanese privet is single seeded.
Japanese privet occurs mainly in the southeastern United States.
Japanese privets have dark foliage.
Japanese privets have dark green foliage.
Japanese privets have foliage.
Japanese privets have green foliage.
Japanese privets survive cold winter.
Japanese privets survive winter.
Most japanese privets have dark foliage.
Most japanese privets have dark green foliage.
Most japanese privets have foliage.
Most japanese privets have green foliage.
Most japanese privets survive cold winter.
Most japanese privets survive winter.
Some japanese privets invade beds.
Some japanese privets invade stream beds.
Japanese producers exercise control over the distributors in many ways.
Japanese products have the least share in the Iranian market.
Japanese products map the mobile road ahead.
Many Japanese products are considerably more expensive than American goods.
Japanese proficiency is obligatory.
Japanese program is the largest in the state Japanese program is the largest in the state.
All Japanese programs allow enrolment into mainstream classes for students fluent in the language.
Japanese pronunciation is actually quite easy for English speakers.
Japanese pronunciation is relatively simple to master.
Japanese punctuality is extreme by European or American standards.
Japanese pundits bemoan the number of young single women still living with their parents.
Japanese quality is obvious.
Japanese receivers use gyroscopes to calculate position between good satellite fixes.
More Japanese recipes are always welcome.
Japanese recovery is central to the fortunes of East Asia.
Japanese red is a dull brick red and the yellow tends to be more ochre or pastel.
Japanese reports show concrete images of potential micromachines used in medical treatment.
Japanese research appears to be devoted to miniaturizing electromechanical components.
Some Japanese research seems to corroborate the Swiss view.
Japanese researchers admit that the problem came as a surprise.
Japanese researchers develop new technique for fabricating excimer lasers.
Japanese researchers find it promising for removing wrinkles.
Japanese researchers have good news for chocoholics.
Japanese researchers lack the enthusiasm to obtain patents.
Japanese researchers report consumption.
Japanese researchers say strains of influenza are becoming resistant.
Many Japanese researchers are active in the field of conductive plastics today.
Most japanese researchers report consumption.
Most Japanese researchers use the annual meetings to showcase their new research.
Some japanese researchers discover air.
Some japanese researchers find pigment.
Some japanese researchers find remove wrinkles.
Some japanese researchers find wrinkles.
Most Japanese residents say they've encountered the celebrity in the elevator.
Japanese restaurant is demonstrated with video.
Japanese restaurants are also a good source of fresh seafood.
Japanese restaurants are located in downtowns.
Japanese restaurants are located in japans.
Japanese restaurants are located in large towns.
Japanese restaurants are located in larger cities.
Japanese restaurants are located in major cities.
Japanese restaurants are used for preparing food.
Japanese restaurants are used for sushi.
Japanese restaurants have a detailed menu so their menu requires more food samples.
Some Japanese restaurants sell sake by the glass, a good way to taste on a small scale.
Some Japanese restaurants serve hot drinks in small ceramic beakers.
Japanese rice is medium-grain rice and is used for daily cooking.
Japanese rice is very similar and makes a fine substitute.
Japanese rice seems to work best.
Japanese roads are very narrow and often blocked by traffic.
Japanese rock is more balanced with some heavy songs and some ballads.
Japanese rooms are a composition of line, texture and the play of light.
Japanese scale is a pest of maple, privet, boxwood, holly, Japanese quince, and rose.
Japanese scholars are still hesitant about adjusting themselves to the latest technology.
Many Japanese scholars accept similar figures.
Japanese schools are very different from foreign schools.
Japanese schools are very strict and require discipline that cleaning the schools teaches.
Japanese schools have three semesters, separated by vacations.
Japanese schools strat again for the new school year.
Japanese science is weak in a global comparison.
Japanese scientists publish books.
Japanese scientists publish several books.
Japanese scientists report discoveries.
Japanese scientists report that yet another car has gotten conked by a meteorite.
Most japanese scientists publish books.
Most japanese scientists publish several books.
Most japanese scientists report discoveries.
Some japanese scientists determine levels.
Some japanese scientists find intake.
Some japanese scientists study macaques.
Japanese screens separate the two areas.
Japanese scrolls have rough kozo paper with calcium carbonate in it.
Japanese seamen are reliable and the Japanese merchant marine travels all the oceans and seas.
Japanese secretin is secretin.
Most Japanese sects trace their origins to temples founded in China.
Japanese sedge has some interesting plant variegation and makes an attractive arching mound.
Japanese serows have conspicuous white cheek beards, but thin or no manes.
Japanese service is dependable.
Japanese shoppers purchase bags of rice or small kegs of beer from outdoor kiosks.
Japanese shows are much better and freakier than anything over here.
Japanese side is better.
Japanese side is more informative.
Japanese Signs Click here for frames.
Japanese sisters are always willing to take action.
Japanese sisters are so happy and revive and have more power to witness to people.
Japanese site is here.
Japanese slots are similar to Western slot machines.
Japanese snowball grows well in sun to partial shade and any moist soil.
Japanese society is group oriented.
Japanese society is one such example, which going through a transformation phase.
Japanese society is seniority system.
Japanese society is very exclusive.
Japanese society is very group-oriented.
Japanese softball is run differently than the U.S. program.
Japanese soldier walks through leveled area.
Japanese soldiers invade government offices in Tokyo.
Japanese soldiers invade the Aleutian Islands.
Japanese soldiers toast their upcoming raid.
Japanese sources claim that the project is unlikely to be profitable.
Japanese soys contain much more wheat flour and sugar.
Japanese speakers can help preserve the aloha spirit in Waikiki.
Japanese speakers face unique problems in attaining fluency in written and spoken English.
All Japanese speakers are welcome.
Japanese spiraea can rapidly take over disturbed areas.
Japanese spirea get to about five feet tall and about as wide.
Japanese sports are some of the most intense in the world.
Japanese spring is the season of the pollinosis.
Japanese staff are also available at each location.
Japanese star has round shape with some kind of layer of powders.
Many japanese stations are on the band.
Japanese steel leads to rust.
Japanese stocks are very depressed at the moment.
Japanese stocks can double and still be far below their old highs.
Japanese stone ware incense burners are works of art in themselves.
Japanese students are likely to demand a higher standard of living than their parents had.
Japanese students are some of the most tenacious problem solvers.
Japanese students are very friendly and eager to interact with American students.
Japanese students are very good at collectively studying for exams.
Japanese students attend juku full time during the holidays and summer vacations.
Japanese students can apply in the fall of the former year.
Japanese students can come direct from Tokyo.
Japanese students continue to represent the majority of international students.
Japanese students eat in the classroom instead of in a lunchroom.
Japanese students explain the meanings behind the kanji characters of their names.
Japanese students explain the meanings of the kanji characters in their names.
Japanese students face intense competition to gain a place at a public university.
Japanese students have a strong cultural base for motivating attention to studies.
Japanese students learn English here, while American teachers study Japanese history.
Japanese students live in a typical stone built English house in the heart of rural England.
Japanese students recognize the high quality of U.S. education.
Japanese students rehearse a scene from the play.
Japanese students serve curry with rice.
Japanese students study every evening, weekends and holidays.
Japanese students take a look at the latest pictures and letters from their Sarajevo friends.
Many Japanese students have difficulty with the English language.
Many Japanese students visit here to pray for success in their examinations.
Some Japanese students help to clean their schools and to serve lunch.
Some Japanese students obtain insurance from Japan, and some purchase it here.
Some Japanese students omit articles entirely.
Japanese studies show regular consumption of kelp reduces breast cancer risk.
Japanese style combines physical discipline and hypnotic rhythms .
Japanese style is still very in, so serve up sushi and saki.
Japanese styles tend to have longer, more stylistic movements and to be higher commitment.
Japanese submarines control the Pacific.
Japanese supercomputers tend to be very powerful systems.
Japanese suppliers are strong in bulk components, where price plays an important role.
Japanese suppliers dominate the Asian market for ultrasonic flowmeters.
Japanese sword is the most beautiful and fearsome one.
Japanese swords are measured in units of shaku .
Japanese swords are very precise, elegant, and complex blades.
All japanese tachs read high.
Japanese taste is said to run to the asymmetric.
Japanese tea have a lot of kind of tea .
Japanese tea have a lot of kind of tea.
Japanese tea is familiar with all Japanese people.
Japanese tea is never mixed with lemon, sugar, or milk.
Japanese tea is served upon request and is free of charge.
Japanese teachers are also more collegial than American teachers, who mostly work in isolation.
Japanese teachers are well-respected when compared to teachers in other societies.
Japanese teachers have more opportunities to discuss teaching related issues than do U.S. teachers.
Japanese teachers have more opportunities to discuss teaching- related issues than do U.S. teachers.
Japanese teachers have more opportunities to discuss teaching-related issues than do U.S. teachers.
Japanese teachers help students understand mathematical concepts.
Japanese teachers spend less time teaching and more time meeting to compare strategies.
All Japanese teachers are native speakers of the language.
Most Japanese teachers are very particular about manners.
Most Japanese teachers use e-mail as a communication tool.
Japanese Teaching Teaches basic Japanese language.
Japanese team develops non-destructive technique for diagnosing ageing cables.
Japanese team inspects arrangements to secure tourists.
Japanese team is very very strorg.
Japanese team visits Egypt today.
Japanese teapot is best for green tea.
Japanese technology is used.
Japanese technology wins Bad Sex Award.
Japanese teens anime sex pics are cool too.
Japanese teenagers are very interesting.
Japanese television is noted for strange and often incomprehensible programming.
Japanese tenants do wear slippers inside the house.
Japanese terms are to be romanized in the Hepburn style.
Japanese text is verified as the signature form b instead of the transfer form.
Japanese text send over the Internet or other networks is known to get corrupted sometimes.
Japanese texts are attached, so the effect is as if reading a picture book.
Some Japanese text follows.
Japanese tissue is stronger, lighter.
Japanese today eat in many venues.
Japanese today enjoy a comfortable standard of living.
Japanese toilets are free, clean and plentiful.
Japanese tour begins.
Japanese tourists eat and hunt with the farm residents and observe their traditions.
Japanese tourists keep most of the hotel rooms full.
Japanese tourists predominate.
Japanese tourists take in the sights from the pineapple fields of Ironwood Ranch.
Many Japanese tourists come to stay in resort hotels by the ocean.
Some japanese tourists take photos.
Japanese toys are a speciality, plus there is a large selection of lava lamps, stickers and puppets.
Japanese traditions are now on the verge of extinction.
Japanese traditions come to life.
Japanese trains are often crowded.
Japanese trains run frequently and very much on time.
Japanese translation is also available.
Japanese translation is necessary to All the documents.
Every japanese translation goes through an extensive quality control procedure.
Japanese trials can drag on for years, with court sessions held at the rate of about once a month.
Japanese troops cross into India.
Japanese troops enter at lower right .
Japanese troops invade China but fail to capture Shanghai.
Japanese troops land near Seoul, Korea, after disabling two Russian cruisers.
Japanese troops land on Korea and move into Manchuria.
Japanese troops occupy Bangkok, Thailand's capital.
Japanese troops retreat across the Yangtze River in China.
Japanese troops take control of Shanghai, China.
Japanese twister looks like crossword.
Japanese types are generally round and similar to apples in shape.
Japanese types have the beginning of doubling.
Japanese umbrellas have thick, oiled paper stuck to sturdy ribs of bamboo.
Japanese units can also enter at map edges.
All Japanese units come with Japanese warrantees.
Japanese universities are jokes.
Japanese universities are well known as institutions in which students accomplish next to nothing.
Many Japanese universities have exchange programmes.
Japanese user is also at a loss.
Japanese users find more information here .
Many Japanese varieties are choice and little known.
Japanese vegetarian has more choices at a Japanese restaurant.
Japanese vellum is suitable for engravings, etc., or where a very durable paper is required.
Japanese verbs are far simpler than English verbs.
All Japanese verbs have semi-formal forms.
Some Japanese verbs are more specific when describing actions than English verbs.
Japanese version contains more information.
Japanese version has a bonus track that is named Losing Hand.
Japanese version has much more informations.
Japanese version has pictures.
Japanese version highlights current month's edition.
Japanese version is also available .
Japanese version is also available.
Japanese version is available .
Japanese version is available for all pages.
Japanese version is available from the official site.
Japanese version is available.
Japanese version is availble.
Japanese version is avaliable.
Japanese version is here .
Japanese version is Here .
Japanese version is HERE .
Japanese version is here. .
Japanese version is here.
Japanese version is Here.
Japanese version is more informative.
Japanese version is none .
Japanese version is quite extensive, compared to the English.
Japanese vinegars are mellow.
Japanese visitors account for one-third of our international visitor arrivals.
Japanese visitors are partial to their own exhibit and frequent the place in great numbers.
Japanese visitors purchase a large quantity of macadamia products in Hawaii to take home.
Japanese visitors tend to travel in organised tours, and dance inquiries are welcome.
Most Japanese visitors take a boat cruise on the lake.
Japanese voters seem to prefer strong leaders in local government.
Most Japanese waterfalls are smaller than other county's.
Japanese weddings are a curious mix of old and new in many different ways.
Japanese weddings are special and can be extremely expensive.
Japanese weevil is known to be equally abundant northward to and including Long Island, New York.
Japanese whalers strip a minke whale.
Japanese woman seeks sincere man for serious relationship.
Japanese women are among the best educated in the world.
Japanese women are flatter.
Japanese women are one-fifth as likely to develop breast cancer as American women.
Japanese women are submissive,shy and always slaves to men.
Japanese women are very sweet,elegant, considerate,joyful and of course they are very beautiful.
Japanese women begin to find their own voices.
Japanese women confront domestic violence.
Japanese women consume amounts.
Japanese women eat more soy and enjoy far less menopausal symptoms.
Japanese women enjoy the freedom to go shopping and to travel.
Japanese women have only a third as much breast cancer as American women.
Japanese women have the longest life expectancy of any people in the world.
Japanese women have very few mid-life complaints compared to Western women.
Japanese women have very low rates of breast cancer and consume high levels of iodine.
Japanese women living in Japan have about one-quarter as much breast cancer as American women.
Japanese women look cute and girlish and innocent.
Japanese women publish mail order brides personals for dating with overseas penpals.
Japanese women publish mailorder brides personals for dating with overseas penpals.
Japanese women say they are the volcanic force most likely to rock their convention-bound society.
Japanese women seem to carry their own small towel.
Japanese women tend to cover their mouths when they laugh or smile.
Japanese women wear kimonos and carry parasols.
Many Japanese women believe a white face is better.
Some Japanese women are, however, beginning to follow independent, long-term careers.
Some japanese women have cycle length.
Some japanese women have length.
Japanese words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
Most Japanese words consist of a pair of kanji , both of which usually take the on-yomi .
Japanese workers shun small companies because of poor working conditions and low pay.
Japanese workers take pride in their products and quality.
Japanese writing goes from top to bottom, and runs in columns.
Japanese writing is a type of calligraphy.
Japanese writing is part word writing and part syllable writing.
Japanese writing uses different characters and symbols than English writing.
Japanese yew can stop the heart suddenly.
Japanese yew contains an alkaloid that if chewed or eaten in any quantity can be extremely toxic.
Japanese youngsters spend their first few years sleeping in the same bed with their parents.
Japanese youth come to Indiana every year.
Japasese version is here.
Japerized pieces are extremely hard and make great slabs and belt buckles.
Japnese description is here .
A japonica is a bush
Japonicas are excellent foundation plants, flourishing in northern or eastern exposures.
Jar file is a regular zip file with additional information stored for each file inside archive.
Every jar file includes a manifest file, where meta-information about the archive is stored.
A jar is a vessel
Jar isa vessel.
Jars also come in both the regular and wide-mouth styles.
JARs are also convenient for packaging up applications and their data.
Jars are available in a variety of solid colors or with chunks.
Jars are casings.
Jars are containers.
Jars are country blue and white with natural cork lids.
Jars are essentially zip files and can be looked at with any utility that can examine zip files.
Jars are hand-filled so the flavor remains intense and the fruit intact.
Jars are in each chapter house and also in the Panhellenic office.
Jars are located in cabinets.
Jars are located in cellars.
Jars are located in cupboards.
Jars are located in grocery stores.
Jars are located in houses.
Jars are located in pantries.
Jars are located in refrigerators.
Jars are located in shelfs.
Jars are located in stores.
Jars are now ready to admire and display.
Jars are then ready to be placed on the rack inside hot water canner.
Jars are used for can beans.
Jars are used for holds.
Jars are used for jars.
Jars are used for keeps.
Jars are used for pickle.
Jars are used for storage.
Jars are usually cylindrical, and are usually made of glass or clay.
Jars are vessels.
Jars come in different shapes and sizes and are tempered, or strengthened, for heat and cold.
Jars contain air.
Jars contain mysterious substances.
Jars contain mysterious white substances.
Jars contain substances.
Jars explode easily in the oven.
Jars have (part) brims.
Jars have (part) sections.
Jars have a globular body and face on the neck.
Jars have lids.
Jars have sides.
Jars have straight sides.
Jars make great glasses, too.
Jars now seem to be pretty widely supported.
Jars protect the materials from insects and keep essential oils from evaporating.
Jars seal as they cool.
Jars Use for candle holders, teacher gifts or treat holders.
Jars use interchangeable threaded tops.
Jars use simple machines to hold the lids on the top.
All Jars have chewable wood treats.
Every jar has a maximum of berries, cooked just enough to prepare the delicious spread.
Most jars are green as shown above.
Most jars contain air.
Most jars contain mysterious substances.
Most jars contain mysterious white substances.
Most jars contain substances.
Most jars have sides.
Most jars have straight sides.
Some jars are shaped as a gourd but most are cylindrical.
Some jars contain acid.
Some jars contain algas.
Some jars contain dry ice.
Some jars contain ice.
Some jars contain water.
Some jars cover with fabric.
Some jars fill with borax solutions.
Some jars fill with cookies.
Some jars fill with flowers.
Some jars fill with fortune cookies.
Some jars fill with fresh leaves.
Some jars fill with leaves.
Some jars fill with poppy flowers.
Some jars fill with room temperature water.
Some jars fill with soapy water.
Some jars fill with solutions.
Some jars fill with water.
Some jars have pressure.
Some jars hold charge.
Some jars hold mixture.
Some jars merely hold paper and poetry while others involve photographs or toys.
Some jars require attention.
Some jars require special attention.
Jarda sand takes a delightful swim.
Jargon abounds here.
Jargon allows for searching by specific words or keywords.
Jargon can be funny, and it can be absurd.
Jargon can be imprecise.
Jargon is a speech
Jargon is ok.
Jargon is to be avoided.
Jargon recalls favorite phrases from computing s checkered past.
Any jargon is learned or invented through active participation in the details.
Some jargon is used in the following.
Jarred food can be high in salt content and the costs can add up quickly.
Jasmine plants flower in late springs.
Jasmine plants flower in springs.
Jasmine plants grow in habitats.
Jasmine plants grow in particular habitats.
Jasmine plants have lifespans.
Jasmine plants have long lifespans.
Jasmine plants thrive in areas.
Jasmine plants to produce seeds.
Jasmine tea contains caffeine.
Jasmine tea has aroma.
Jasmine tea has benefits.
Jasmine tea has delicate aroma.
Jasmine tea has delicate floral aroma.
Jasmine tea has floral aroma.
Jasmine tea has health benefits.
Jasmine tea has same health benefits.
Most jasmine tea contains caffeine.
Most jasmine tea has aroma.
Most jasmine tea has benefits.
Most jasmine tea has delicate aroma.
Most jasmine tea has delicate floral aroma.
Most jasmine tea has floral aroma.
Most jasmine tea has health benefits.
Most jasmine tea has same health benefits.
Most jasmine tea is made from green tea.
Some jasmine tea helps cholesterol.
Some jasmine tea helps damage.
Jasmine vines produce flowers.
Jasmine attracts hummingbirds.
Jasmine grows as shrubs.
Jasmine grows in gardens.
Jasmine grows in sunlight.
Jasmine has (part) cell membranes.
Jasmine has (part) cells.
Jasmine has (part) corpi.
Jasmine has (part) cytoplasm.
Jasmine has (part) nuclei.
Jasmine has (part) plasma membranes.
Jasmine has (part) sections.
Jasmine has (part) vacuoles.
Jasmine has (part) xylem.
Jasmine has color.
Jasmine has dark color.
Jasmine has dark foliage.
Jasmine has dark green foliage.
Jasmine has flowers.
Jasmine has foliage.
Jasmine has glossy leaves.
Jasmine has green foliage.
Jasmine has green leaves.
Jasmine has leaves.
Jasmine has roots.
Jasmine has shape flowers.
Jasmine has yellow flowers.
Jasmine is a bush
Jasmine isa bush.
Jasmine isa shrub.
Jasmine needs certain nutrients.
Jasmine needs full sunlight.
Jasmine needs light.
Jasmine needs nutrients.
Jasmine needs sunlight.
Jasmine produces flowers.
Jasmines are often strong and sweet scented.
Jasmines are used as shrub borders, hedges, background plantings and specimen plants.
Jasmines are used to make aromatic jasmine oil used in cosmetics and soaps.
Jasmines prefer a full sun to partial shade and a warm site.
All jasmine are tropical and subtropical deciduous or evergreen shrubs, sometimes climbing.
All jasmines prefer full sun to partial shade and a warm site.
Most jasmine attracts hummingbirds.
Most jasmine grows as shrubs.
Most jasmine grows in gardens.
Most jasmine grows in sunlight.
Most jasmine has color.
Most jasmine has dark color.
Most jasmine has dark foliage.
Most jasmine has dark green foliage.
Most jasmine has flowers.
Most jasmine has foliage.
Most jasmine has glossy leaves.
Most jasmine has green foliage.
Most jasmine has green leaves.
Most jasmine has leaves.
Most jasmine has roots.
Most jasmine has shape flowers.
Most jasmine has yellow flowers.
Most jasmine needs certain nutrients.
Most jasmine needs full sunlight.
Most jasmine needs light.
Most jasmine needs nutrients.
Most jasmine needs sunlight.
Most jasmine produces flowers.
Most jasmines do best in full sun or part shade and moist, well-drained soil rich in organic matter.
Some jasmine belongs to families.
Some jasmine develops close friendships.
Some jasmine develops friendships.
Some jasmine experiences life.
Some jasmine grows in pots.
Some jasmine grows on vines.
Some jasmine has families.
Jasper County claims at least two notable people.
Jasper County is the state's largest winter and breeding ground for the northern harriers.
A jasper is a stone
Jasper better look out, though.
Jasper brings courage, wisdom and firmness.
Jasper learns the bittersweet experience of sacrificial love.
Jasper points across an artificial lagoon to the bungalow on the end.
Jasper travels to London.
Jasper works slowly and is most effective when used over a long period of time.
Jaspers are also common in the pillow lavas.
Jaspers divides the languages of the cipher into three different epistemological levels.
Jaspers runs the place alone.
Jaspers suggests social interactions offer guidelines that individuals either adopt or reject.
Jatamansi oil is used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals.
A jati is a caste
Jati further subdivides each of the major class groups according to people's professions.
Jaundice is a symptom
Jaundice turns the skin a yellowish color, and is a common condition among premature newborns.
Jaundiced babies are usually sleepy babies.
Jaundiced babies have a yellowish tinge to their skin and the whites of their eyes.
Jaunt is a journey
Jaunt seeks to unify and inspire our collective spirit.
Some java moss floats around the tank to give the tank some green color.
Java is a drink
Any java related stuff from that site fails to work, but other site's java does.
Some java applets related to cancer modeling.
JavaBean format allows simple setting of graph options.
JavaBean properties properties instance variables.
Some javan langurs face extinction.
Javan rhinos digest food.
Javan rhinos eat plants.
Javan rhinos have black skin.
Javan rhinos have horns.
Javan rhinos have incisor teeth.
Javan rhinos have incisors.
Javan rhinos have lips.
Javan rhinos have lower incisor teeth.
Javan rhinos have lower teeth.
Javan rhinos have sides.
Javan rhinos have skin.
Javan rhinos have teeth.
Javan rhinos live in dense jungle.
Javan rhinos live in jungle.
Javan rhinos possess horns.
Javan rhinos reach maturity.
Most javan rhinos have incisor teeth.
Most javan rhinos have teeth.
Javan rhinoceroses have horns.
Javan rhinoceroses have lips.
Javan rhinoceroses have prehensile lips.
Most javan rhinoceroses have horns.
Most javan rhinoceroses have lips.
Most javan rhinoceroses have prehensile lips.
Most javan rhinos eat plants.
Most javan rhinos have black skin.
Most javan rhinos have horns.
Most javan rhinos have incisors.
Most javan rhinos have lips.
Most javan rhinos have lower incisor teeth.
Most javan rhinos have lower teeth.
Most javan rhinos have sides.
Most javan rhinos have skin.
Most javan rhinos live in dense jungle.
Most javan rhinos live in jungle.
Most javan rhinos possess horns.
Most javan rhinos reach maturity.
Some javan rhinos have senses.
Javan tigers have stripes.
Javan tigers survive in areas.
Javan tigers survive in protect areas.
Most javan tigers have stripes.
Most javan tigers survive in areas.
Most javan tigers survive in protect areas.
Javan has (part) arms.
Javan has (part) body substances.
Javan has (part) cell membranes.
Javan has (part) cells.
Javan has (part) corpi.
Javan has (part) cytoplasm.
Javan has (part) heads.
Javan has (part) human bodies.
Javan has (part) legs.
Javan has (part) material bodies.
Javan has (part) necks.
Javan has (part) nuclei.
Javan has (part) personality.
Javan has (part) plasma membranes.
Javan has (part) sections.
Javan has (part) vacuoles.
Javan isa Indonesian.
Javanese architecture is recognized as simple but elegant.
Javanese culture separates the inner and outer beings of a person.
Javanese food is milder and sweeter.
Javanese music is the focus of two shadow plays.
Javanese mysticism is based on age-old traditions.
Javanese people have a very traditional life style and a strong tradition.
Javanese philosophy says that Mt.
Javanese traditions are different from any other ethnic groups' tradition in Indonesia.
Javascript function creates an image object and preloads images into an array.
Javascript language is relatively simple but weak.
All javascript pages are lowercase, and end in .js.
A javelin is a lance
A javelin is sports equipment
Javelins differ in size according to the sex of the thrower.
Javelins have a thick, plastic-mesh style grille of miniature diamonds.
A javelina is a hoofed mammal
Javelina are opportunistic feeders.
Javelina can inflict a serious wound.
Javelina have poor eyesight, which enables hunters to approach within close distances.
Javelinas are animals.
Javelinas are placental mammals.
Javelinas are quadrupeds.
Javelinas are the wild suinans native to the Americas.
Javelinas eat pads.
Javelinas feed by spreading out in a loosely knit group.
Javelinas have a musk gland on the top of the rump.
Javelinas have an almost unnoticeable tail and a pig-like snout.
Javelinas like to eat things that they can forage for in the desert.
Javelinas tend to stay near permanent sources of water.
Any jaw abnormalities can result in breathing, eating and speaking difficulties.
Some jaw bones facilitate ingestion.
Some jaw vertebrates display different patterns.
A jaw is a bone
Jaw isa bone.
Jaws ache, as in mumps.
Jaws aid in consumption.
Jaws aid in food consumption.
Jaws appear within the vertebrates.
Jaws are a modification of one or more gill arches.
Jaws are an obvious distinguishing feature, but there is a host of others, including paired limbs.
Jaws are behind chew jaws.
Jaws are behind jaws.
Jaws are body parts.
Jaws are bones.
Jaws are features.
Jaws are flat and tapered to make twisting and curling easy.
Jaws are heat treated and reversible.
Jaws are level.
Jaws are long and strong.
Jaws are made of bones.
Jaws are part of chucks.
Jaws are part of faces.
Jaws are part of mouths.
Jaws are part of skulls.
Jaws are part of vises.
Jaws are part of wrenchs.
Jaws are powerful.
Jaws are present.
Jaws are solid objects.
Jaws are spring-return, and retract automatically when the pressure is released.
Jaws are strong and muscular.
Jaws are strong enough to carry a sizable bird, and softness in mouth is essential.
Jaws are strong enough to carry a size able bird, and softness in mouth is essential.
Jaws are strong enough to carry a size able bird.
Jaws are strong enough to carry a sizeable bird, and softness in mouth is essential.
Jaws are strong with good teeth.
Jaws are strong with well developed white teeth meeting in a scissors bite.
Jaws are thought to derive from the pharyngeal arches that support the gills in fish.
Jaws are thought to have evolved from the a. second and third vertebrae.
Jaws are useful for biting and feeding.
Jaws are very powerful.
Jaws are video games.
Jaws carry teeth.
Jaws consist of bones.
Jaws consist of teeth.
Jaws contain canine teeth.
Jaws contain incisors.
Jaws contain irregular teeth.
Jaws contain sharp teeth.
Jaws contain teeth.
Jaws containing poison glands are located on the first body segment immediately behind the head.
Jaws contribute a little to the problem too.
Jaws drop either way.
Jaws drop in amazement.
Jaws drop in the lobby of the resort hotel as Rebecca parades in, donned in full bridal regalia.
Jaws easily pick up bulky objects.
Jaws expand by eccentric action and are reversible.
Jaws extend back to vertical of anterior nostril.
Jaws face forward.
Jaws feature hinges.
Jaws feel tired.
Jaws go slack as hands shoot up in answer to both questions.
Jaws have (part) bone cells.
Jaws have (part) cell membranes.
Jaws have (part) corpi.
Jaws have (part) cytoplasm.
Jaws have (part) ground substances.
Jaws have (part) gum ridges.
Jaws have (part) marrow.
Jaws have (part) mast cells.
Jaws have (part) nuclei.
Jaws have (part) plasma membranes.
Jaws have (part) sections.
Jaws have (part) tooth sockets.
Jaws have (part) vacuoles.
Jaws have bones.
Jaws have canine teeth.
Jaws have forces.
Jaws have immense power.
Jaws have incisors.
Jaws have large canine teeth.
Jaws have many teeth.
Jaws have molars.
Jaws have muscles.
Jaws have power.
Jaws have powerful muscles.
Jaws have pressure.
Jaws have teeth.
Jaws help food.
Jaws make ears make room for a big brain.
Jaws move in opposite directions to minimize movement of area of interest.
Jaws open wide to make mop changes quick and simple.
Jaws penetrate human skin.
Jaws penetrate skin.
Jaws preset to other thicknesses are available.
Jaws serve purposes.
Jaws snap shut, stiff.
Jaws tell the story of reptile to mammal transition.
Most jaws are behind chew jaws.
Most jaws are behind jaws.
Most jaws are made of bones.
Most jaws carry teeth.
Most jaws consist of teeth.
Most jaws contain canine teeth.
Most jaws contain incisors.
Most jaws contain irregular teeth.
Most jaws contain sharp teeth.
Most jaws contain teeth.
Most jaws have bones.
Most jaws have forces.
Most jaws have immense power.
Most jaws have incisors.
Most jaws have large canine teeth.
Most jaws have molars.
Most jaws have muscles.
Most jaws have power.
Most jaws have powerful muscles.
Most jaws have pressure.
Most jaws have teeth.
Most jaws help food.
Most jaws penetrate human skin.
Most jaws penetrate skin.
Most jaws serve purposes.
Some jaws adapt for hard nuts.
Some jaws adapt for heads.
Some jaws adapt for nuts.
Some jaws are located in sharks.
Some jaws are part of heads.
Some jaws are part of skulls.
Some jaws crush bones.
Some jaws crush skulls.
Some jaws have breaks.
Some jaws have layers.
Some jaws have plates.
Some jaws have problems.
Some jaws have spikes.
Some jaws move from sides.
Some jaws move primates.
Some jaws push food.
A jawbone is a jaw
Jawbones make fine war clubs or large carvings such as eagle wings or winter counts.
A jawbreaker is a word
Jawbreaker does nothing like that.
Jawbreaker starts out with manic energy.
JawBreakers are fully weedless and they can be fished fast.
Jawbreakers are hard candy.
Jawed fishes have a skeleton made completely of cartilage.
Jawed fishes have thin skin.
A jawless fish is a vertebrate
Jawless fish appear in the Upper Cambrian.
Jawless fish become less numerous, with some groups becoming extinct.
Jawless fish have a long tube like body and a sucker mouth, no jaw, and no fins.
Jawless fish have a notochord instead of a true backbone.
Jawless fish have teeth.
Jawless fish have testes.
Jawless fish open mouths.
Jawless fishes have bony gill supports between the gill slits.
Most jawless fish have teeth.
Most jawless fish have testes.
Some jawless fish have defensive shields.
Some jawless fish have large shields.
Some jawless fish have shields.
Some jawless fish have trouble.
Jawless mouths contain teeth.
Most jawless mouths contain teeth.
Some jawless vertebrates feed on organisms.
Some jawless vertebrates feed on tiny organisms.
Jay County is classified as rural.
A jay is a bird
Jay isa bird.
Jays also continues to introduce new products to maintain a market niche.
Jays also enjoy whole or shelled black oil sunflower seed. and striped sunflower seed .
Jays are also reluctant to fly on windy days regardless of hour or season.
Jays are birds.
Jays are clever and adventurous when it comes to getting food.
Jays are especially fond of peanuts.
Jays are extremely territorial.
Jays are often blue and white.
Jays are often colourful birds with many bearing various amounts of blue plumage.
Jays are probably the most active propagators of oaks today.
Jays are reluctant to leave the shelter of woodlands.
Jays are some of the more smart birds .
Jays are some of the more smart birds.
Jays eat food.
Jays eat moths.
Jays eat nuts.
Jays eat quantities of the seeds and sheep and bears browse the plant.
Jays eat seeds.
Jays feed on seeds.
Jays grow feathers.
Jays have (part) air sacs.
Jays have (part) bird's feet.
Jays have (part) brains.
Jays have (part) breasts.
Jays have (part) cell membranes.
Jays have (part) cells.
Jays have (part) chest cavities.
Jays have (part) chests.
Jays have (part) corpi.
Jays have (part) cytoplasm.
Jays have (part) ears.
Jays have (part) faces.
Jays have (part) flight feathers.
Jays have (part) heads.
Jays have (part) lips.
Jays have (part) mouths.
Jays have (part) nuclei.
Jays have (part) plasma membranes.
Jays have (part) quill feathers.
Jays have (part) rib cages.
Jays have (part) second joints.
Jays have (part) sections.
Jays have (part) skulls.
Jays have (part) sterna.
Jays have (part) talons.
Jays have (part) vacuoles.
Jays have (part) wishbones.
Jays have beaks.
Jays have stout beaks.
Jays hide the peanuts in strange places.
Jays live in counties.
Jays live in nests.
Jays live in trees.
Jays live in trees.
Jays love trees.
Jays make nests.
Jays play in trees.
Jays prefer forests.
Jays relate to magpies.
Jays return to nests.
Jays seek mates.
Jays shake heads.
Jays shed feathers.
Jays win wild card.
Jays often land on the bottom part of a tree, and hop their way upward.
Most jays eat food.
Most jays eat moths.
Most jays eat nuts.
Most jays eat seeds.
Most jays feed on seeds.
Most jays grow feathers.
Most jays have beaks.
Most jays have stout beaks.
Most jays live in counties.
Most jays live in nests.
Most jays live in trees.
Most jays make nests.
Most jays play in trees.
Most jays prefer forests.
Most jays relate to magpies.
Most jays return to nests.
Most jays seek mates.
Most jays shake heads.
Most jays shed feathers.
Some jays arrive at stations.
Some jays bury food.
Some jays chew wire.
Some jays eat acorns.
Some jays get breakfasts.
Some jays has-part eyes.
Some jays have cerebral hemispheres.
Some jays have hemispheres.
Some jays have opportunity.
Some jays live in groups.
Some jays make sound.
Some jays occupy residential areas.
Some jays shake feeders.
Some jays sit on bushes.
Some jays sit on wire.
Some jays visit feeders.
A jaywalker is a footer
Jaywalkers are subject to ticketing.
A jazz band is a band
Jazz band is a course that allows students to pursue jazz music through listening.
Jazz band is comprised of advanced players.
Jazz band is here.
Jazz band meets once per week during the school day.
Jazz band meets outside the school day and includes an informal improvisational class.
Jazz band performs at many school functions as well as other community events.
Jazz bands play several nights a week and the staff are amiable but exacting.
Some jazz bands have success.
Jazz blues uses many more chords and chord types than the standard three chord blues progression.
Jazz clarinet is essentially repertory shit played by white guys.
Jazz clubs are a New York specialty.
Jazz Clubs Try some Jazz clubs.
Jazz Concerts are over for the season.
Jazz dance is an urban and multilateral form of expression.
Jazz dance is introduced, a fun, modern movement style.
Jazz dance is universal.
Jazz dance is wholly an American art form.
All jazz ensembles are courses that earn students one credit hour.
Jazz fusion meets house music or vice versa.
Jazz fusion mixes jazz with rock.
Jazz History explores the history of jazz through a photograph.
Jazz history is marred by the perspective of the writers.
Jazz history is racism and liberty, passion and sorrow, freedom of expression and unjust repression.
Jazz History tour throughout evening.
Jazz History tour up through Harlem.
Jazz music combines African-American music with European music .
Jazz music combines African-American music with European music.
Jazz music comes from the soul.
Jazz music encompasses many sub-styles.
Jazz music fills the streets from laughing bars.
Jazz music has a swinging rhythm .
Jazz music has a swinging rhythm.
Jazz music is a common ground.
Jazz music is an evolving culture that has inspired many contemporary artists.
Jazz music is an intensified feeling of nonchalance.
Jazz music is an original American art form.
Jazz music is as healthy as it has been in some time.
Jazz music is exciting and challenging for the students to perform.
Jazz music is idiosyncratic by nature where the performer creates the rhythm.
Jazz music is more free, with a different tempo, which leaves open space for experimentation.
Jazz music is music.
Jazz music is popular in New Orleans, and the team was named the Jazz when it was in New Orleans.
Jazz music is such a personal expression.
Jazz music is the American art form.
Jazz music plays in the background, and the walls are lined with shelves full of books.
Jazz music requires more advanced music reading skills than traditional iii concert music.
Jazz music seems to be disappearing.
A jazz musician is a musician
Jazz musician misses the rapture but saves the world.
Jazz musicians are artists who use melody as a foundation to create new works of music.
Jazz musicians are musicians.
Jazz musicians are their music.
Jazz musicians are usually excellent at improvising .
Jazz musicians are usually excellent at improvising.
Jazz musicians call it chord substitution.
Jazz musicians call it The Bible.
Jazz musicians continue to practice, perform, record, disagree, improvise and jam.
Jazz musicians do it with improvisations.
Jazz musicians face a similar problem when it's their turn to solo.
Jazz musicians get second-class treatment.
Jazz musicians have to know their chords, period.
Jazz musicians make music with their instruments and musicians create music with their voices.
Jazz musicians throw away the melody when they improvise.
Jazz musicians try to express their own experience through their interpretation of the composition.
Every jazz musician is a composer.
Every jazz musician knows it.
Most jazz musicians play a mixture of bebop and swing.
Some jazz musicians smoke.
Jazz orchestras lead joyous marches to the burial grounds in New Orleans.
Jazz schools turn out post-boppers like anywhere else.
Jazz Singers are the college vocal jazz choir.
Most jazz singers name other singers as their idols.
Jazz stations are the target, as jazz is at the core of all of our music.
Many jazz trumpeters shake the trumpet against their lips to produce a trill sound.
Jazz vocals have from the beginning dealt with the earthier side of life.
Jazz acts perform on the low unassuming stage along the art-covered white painted walls.
Jazz allows customers to work with their vendors more efficiently.
Jazz almost defies definition.
Jazz also consists of jazz instruments like the piano, saxophone, drums, bass and trumpets.
Jazz also features fish-eye menus.
Jazz also has a tremendous following in Japan and Europe.
Jazz also involves a particular way of interacting with a musical starting point.
Jazz also plays a role, and politics and specifically the state of Argentina and the state of exile.
Jazz becomes the official symbol of American democracy abroad.
Jazz brings in dissonance and minor chords-a different way of making music.
JAZZ can also operate across networks to support multiple properties and locations.
Jazz can be different.
Jazz can be immensely complicated and brooding.
Jazz can be soft and slow and relaxing.
Jazz can be super mellow and relaxing, or it can be ultra-hyper and psychedelic.
Jazz can be worth performing at any level.
JAZZ can bill for many content and services used by a guest.
Jazz can help correct that tendency of privatization in worship.
Jazz can never be more than a minority music.
JAZZ can provide accounting for individual properties or groups of properties.
Jazz can ricochet bullets off of certain surfaces, performing some very interesting trick shots.
JAZZ captures guest use of Internet content and services independently of digital amenity providers.
JAZZ celebrates America s greatest original art form.
Jazz celebrates the cultural roots that gave birth to a national music treasure.
Jazz combines elements of African music with elements of Western European music.
Jazz combines European and African styles of music.
Jazz connects with a few jabs.
Jazz continually relates issues of race both heartening and harrowing.
Jazz continues to be a successful musical form because it is what it is.
Jazz crosses over from the black honky tonks to broad popular appeal.
Jazz dans la nuit, Op.
Jazz does what it wants when it wants and pays the price of commercial marginality.
Jazz dreams hard in Austin.
Jazz eludes definition.
Jazz ensembles performing represent a wide variety of jazz styles from be-bop to swing to fusion.
Jazz expresses energy and confidence.
Jazz features armless, arm and table arm models to fill any stacking chair requirement.
Jazz fills in most of the rest.
Jazz fills up to the rafters with revelers there for the music, beads, dancing, food and hurricanes.
Jazz floats in from the kitchen.
Jazz fuses the structure of European classical musical concepts with the rhythms of Africa.
Jazz guitars for students to professional performers.
Jazz happens the last week of school, after seniors have been dismissed but before they graduate.
Jazz has a great temperament.
Jazz has a lot more intellectual, more educated people in it.
Jazz has a new sound in New Orleans.
Jazz has a timeless quality and allows for improvisation.
Jazz has a variety of forms, even today.
Jazz has all the necessary lessons with chord progressions and chords substitutions.
Jazz has all-round appeal.
Jazz has healing in it, and a lot of love.
Jazz has it's own vocabulary, it's own dialect.
Jazz has lots of different sides, but just one soul.
Jazz has lots of friends in the neighborhood.
Jazz has many forms.
Jazz has more than one definition, and jazz has different definitions to different people.
Jazz has much in common with traditional African drumming, which also speaks.
Jazz has no other avenue left for future advancement.
Jazz has soul.
Jazz has the same two-dimensional quality.
Jazz heats things up Device warms up bath towels.
Jazz Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Jazz insists on the unique expression of individual character in a way no other music does.
Jazz invites the performer to interpret a piece in a fresh way each time it is done.
Jazz involves cooperation - It is a community that performs and receives jazz.
Jazz involves interpretation and improvisation, especially in jazz clubs .
Jazz Is .
Jazz is a big cuddler - a very sweet but high drive, high energy dobe.
Jazz is a broad stream of musical styles which originated in America.
Jazz is a celebration of a music that is uniquely American.
JAZZ is a celebration of a music that is uniquely American.
Jazz is a challenging music.
Jazz is a contemporary form of dance accompanied by music of a faster tempo.
Jazz is a drums.
Jazz is a favorite playmate among children in our neighborhood.
Jazz is a form of music.
Jazz is a high art.
Jazz is a highly syncopated musical style.
Jazz is a Jewish creation.
Jazz is a kid on a fire escape blowing to be free.
Jazz is a learning experience.
Jazz is a living art.
Jazz is a manner in which music is played.
Jazz is a medium that is constantly evolving.
Jazz is a music of protest and possibility.
Jazz is a music of syncopation where the off beats are stressed.
Jazz is a music of the spirit.
Jazz is a music suspended in time, and it needs no historical context.
Jazz is a music that has formed a language, No one is banned from learning the language.
Jazz is a music that s in the moment.
Jazz is a national treasure and true American art form.
Jazz is a native, a constant that changes with each generation.
Jazz is a new love.
Jazz is a newly acquired taste.
Jazz is a peaceful thing.
Jazz is a perfect example.
Jazz is a powerful aid to evangelism, worship and fund-raising.
Jazz is a powerful and exciting form of dance.
Jazz is a private, broadband network.
Jazz is a process of adjusting to the musical moment.
Jazz is a rather tired climbing doggie That's all folks.
Jazz is a result of the influence of significant key musical figures.
Jazz is a rich texture of harmonic substitution and requires a study of harmonis theory.
Jazz is a safe commodity.
Jazz is a shared learning experience.
Jazz is a special process for making music.
Jazz is a specialized process.
Jazz is a subjective art.
Jazz is a swanky nightclub.
Jazz is a tall girl, with fantastic body shape, and lovely length of leg.
Jazz is a tapestry of individual voices.
Jazz is a time of joy.
Jazz is a tough business.
Jazz is a uniquely American phenomenon, part and parcel of the twentieth century.
Jazz is a very educational music.
Jazz is a very intellectual art form.
JAZZ is a voice and data convergent communications billing system.
Jazz is a wonderful dog.
Jazz is abandon, is whimsicality in music.
Jazz is about challenging musical traditions and expectations.
Jazz is about freedom, vision, imagination, inspiration, improvisation and chops.
Jazz is about sound that has undergone dramatic change over the century.
Jazz is about telling stories in music and giving others leeway to tell their own stories.
Jazz is accepted as a glimmer in the millennial dawn.
Jazz is accepted as the music of freedom.
Jazz is alive and well in central Iowa.
Jazz is alive and well in Macon.
Jazz is alive and well.
Jazz is alive.
Jazz is all-American.
Jazz is also a rich tradition of bountiful heritage.
Jazz is also a term of sexual connotation, and scat basically means shit.
Jazz is also an older form of music although it it relatively more modern than classical.
Jazz is American history.
Jazz is American music characterized by improvisation, and ensemble playing among other things.
Jazz is America's classical music.
Jazz is America's musical contribution to the world.
Jazz is America's unique contribution to the world of art music.
Jazz is an acquired taste.
JAZZ is an American art form whose origin is in the traditional music of Africa.
Jazz is an American original.
Jazz is an art form that has often been neglected.
Jazz is an art form that is near impossible to master.
Jazz is an art of questioning, a reinvention of melody.
Jazz is an art.
Jazz is an artform of misinformation and disinformation on the net.
Jazz is an attempt at individual expression.
Jazz is an attempt to create a new role-play gaming system which is both flexible and easy to use.
Jazz is an attitude.
Jazz is an emotional release and search for purity.
Jazz is an excellent example.
Jazz is an improvisational skill by the performed and the instrumentalist.
Jazz is an interactive music.
Jazz is an offspring of a long oral tradition of African music.
Jazz is an ongoing story.
Jazz is an open, free, experimenting art form.
Jazz is an urban music.
Jazz is another word for sex.
Jazz is as easy on the pocketbook as it is compelling to the palate.
Jazz is back.
Jazz is basically a form of blues.
Jazz is big here and can be found in many of the nightclubs and piano bars.
Jazz is Black music, played and sung best by Black musicians.
Jazz is born in New Orleans via a combination of black and creole music.
Jazz is both pop and classical.
Jazz is calm, easy to work with, nice to other animals and humans.
Jazz is capable of great raucousness and intensely personal expressions.
Jazz is characterized by driving rhythms, exciting melodies, and improvising.
Jazz is completely open source.
Jazz is complicated, sophisticated and elegant.
Jazz is cool.
Jazz is created by jazz musicians.
Jazz is dance music.
Jazz Is Dead is augmented by the addition of some wonderful guest musicians.
Jazz Is Dead.
Jazz is democracy in action.
Jazz is democratic music and everybody gets to solo but only within the context of the whole.
Jazz is described as a combination of black folk tunes, brass band marches and ragtime.
Jazz is designed with none of the pitfalls that Swing had.
Jazz is different from athletics, jazz is saxy, jazz is love.
Jazz is edgy.
Jazz is emphasized but in a pop, bee bop, jivin kinda funked-up flow.
Jazz is enigmatic on so many fronts.
Jazz is especially significant as a playing out of the American governmental experience.
Jazz is everywhere.
Jazz is flexible.
Jazz is followed by an hour of public affairs leading into three hours of classical music.
Jazz is four years old.
Jazz is free.
Jazz is full of firsts.
Jazz is full of misplaced rhythms.
Jazz is fundamentally a story which remakes other stories.
Jazz is funny.
Jazz is genres of music.
Jazz is great here.
Jazz is here to stay.
Jazz is hip-hop, jazz is salsa, jazz is funk.
Jazz is housetrained and does very well on a strict schedule of going out.
Jazz is immediately accessible.
Jazz is important enough to be dealt with as an end in itself.
Jazz is improvisation and feeling.
Jazz is improvisation and improvisation is jazz.
Jazz is improvised music, and Arab music has 'taksim,' which is also an improvised form of music.
Jazz is in many ways a foreign language.
Jazz is in the air.
Jazz is individual yet communal and it calls one to participate.
Jazz is infinitely flexible.
Jazz is innovative.
Jazz is joyous music, often feel-good, danceable.
Jazz is just one gimmick.
Jazz is just one of the many prevalent styles of music that dominate the New Orleans airwaves.
Jazz is largely objective.
Jazz is life.
Jazz is like gumbo, another popular New Orleans export.
Jazz is like several painters working on the same painting at the same time.
Jazz IS modern.
Jazz is more hard-edged, more acerbic.
Jazz is more popular now than ever as evidenced by increased CD sales and concert attendance.
Jazz is much, much more than that.
Jazz is music that involves the listeners.
Jazz is music.
Jazz is no longer the fresh young thing it was.
Jazz is no ordinary kitten.
Jazz is now a world music,and a world language.
Jazz is offered as a supplement to the ballet curriculum as an optional addition to the course.
Jazz is often the music of choice on the stereo.
Jazz is one cool cat and plays a saxophone.
Jazz is one glaring example.
Jazz is one of America's truly indigenous art forms.
Jazz is one of many cultural stories that the new Berlin has to tell.
Jazz is one of the deepest modes of communication and artistry in human history.
Jazz is one of three indigenous American art forms.
Jazz is one paradigm. . . .
Jazz is open seven days a week for lunch and dinner.
Jazz is our heritage.
Jazz is our little neurotic.
Jazz is our solution.
Jazz is part of the whole hoopla of going out at night and having drinks and whooping it up.
Jazz is played from the heart.
Jazz is played.
Jazz is popular music
Jazz is popular music.
Jazz is properly an oral tradition.
Jazz is really a great way to involve kids in something very heavy.
Jazz is really was where it was at.
Jazz is self-directed, all members are learners.
Jazz is simply a type of music defined by syncopation and improvisation.
Jazz is so all over the place.
Jazz is so difficult to begin with, and violin is so difficult to begin with.
Jazz is so hard to define.
Jazz is so sweet and gentle.
Jazz is so vague and so broad.
Jazz is still alive and well, hosted by a legion of young, talented instrumentalists.
Jazz is style of music.
Jazz is sublime, as is small orchestral groups.
Jazz is supposed to be self-expression.
Jazz is synthesis, the themes are short, but the discussions on the theme are long.
Jazz is teamwork.
Jazz is the art of turning on a dime, being ultimately flexible.
Jazz is the bill of fare at the Backroom.
Jazz is the contemporary dance of today.
Jazz is the direct expression of feelings.
Jazz is the direction African music took in america.
Jazz is the legends.
Jazz is the living embodiment of democracy.
Jazz is the main emphasis of the station.
Jazz is the messenger-just like all sorts of other media can deliver messages.
Jazz is the most advanced form of that mental communication-type approach.
Jazz is the most American of art forms.
Jazz is the most democratic of music, holding the individual and the collective in delicate balance.
Jazz is the most successful and popular Pakistani brand '.
Jazz is the music of the day.
Jazz is the music of wonder and . . .
Jazz is the musical icon of New York City, but there is a blues scene, albeit small.
Jazz is the only music in the Western world in which the most risk yields the greatest results.
Jazz is the perfect example.
Jazz is the performance by musicians of an arrangement of a song featuring improvised solos.
Jazz is the pulse of it.
Jazz is the role of the black man in white society.
Jazz is the root of all American music, and is WAY too diverse to make a generalization about.
Jazz is the same way.
Jazz is the soundtrack of night life conversation.
Jazz is the true alternative music because it follows no given criteria.
Jazz is the true American musical art form.
Jazz is the very foundation and essence of salacious dancing.
Jazz is their music and they can relate to what is being said.
Jazz is to rap what dreams are to reflections.
Jazz is tougher to figure out.
Jazz is truly a worldwide language.
Jazz is types of music.
Jazz is universal.
Jazz is uplifting music.
JAZZ is used in several creative writing programs and by writing groups around the country.
Jazz is used, and continues to function, as funeral music, dance music, show music, and more.
Jazz is very cerebral.
Jazz is very difficult to teach and to learn.
Jazz is very generous to vocalists.
Jazz is very honest that way.
Jazz is very important ot the black culture because it is free music.
Jazz is very improvisational, and one of the most pliable genres there is.
Jazz is very mouthy as are most puppies and likes to chew.
Jazz is very much alive.
Jazz is very rich because it has rural roots but is interpreted in an urban environment.
Jazz is well marked smooth coat black and white with lots of natural ability.
Jazz is what put America on the cultural map.
Jazz is worldwide.
Jazz is, above all, a music played through something.
Jazz isa music.
Jazz jams, tap jams, and Ethiopian food.
Jazz juggling finishes the show.
Jazz just has too many variables to satisfy everyone with an opinion.
Jazz keeps time with the artists who continue to reinvent the music.
Jazz likes to consider itself a mystery.
Jazz links Other jazz links of interest.
Jazz Listen online, read the reviews and enjoy the sound clips.
Jazz listings only.
Jazz loves the outdoors, loves to swim and is always trying to flush game.
Jazz loves to learn and compete.
Jazz makes a womans heart happy.
Jazz matters, still.
Jazz means different things for different people.
Jazz means working things out musically with other people.
Jazz meets country-folk at Radio City.
Jazz meets hip hop.
Jazz meets three times a week for fifty-five minutes each.
Jazz musicians regularly improvise, meaning they make up tunes, chords, and rhythms on the spot.
Jazz never gets a fair shake on the tube.
Jazz notables from around the country in concert.
Jazz notes from New Orleans and beyond.
Jazz Now Click here for audio samples and more details .
Jazz now crosses borders all the time.
Jazz now has a place in the communities.
Jazz offers a precise prism through which so much of American history can be seen.
Jazz Offers an online catalog of jazz, blues, and rhythm and blues.
Jazz offers more than just a rhythm and a beat.
Jazz offers slick hydrodynamics with excellent, fog-free field of vision.
Jazz performing and effective teaching both require an amount of creativity.
Jazz plays in the background as young people mingle, eating cheese and sipping non-alcoholic drinks.
Jazz plays on the sound system.
Jazz plays on the stereo.
Jazz plays well in the nation's capital.
Jazz presents the history of America's greatest original art form.
Jazz provides a moral about human creativity.
JAZZ provides content-specific billing of guest access to Internet information and services.
Jazz really sounds good and clean when pumped up.
Jazz rejuvenates a person.
Jazz remains popular because it is continually being updated to complement current music trends.
Jazz remains shot full of cruel contradictions.
Jazz remains unrecognized as a serious art form.
Jazz represents a multiformity of musical ideas and originating influences.
Jazz represents sophistication, tradition and quality.
Jazz resumes tonight.
Jazz reviews, interviews and more.
Jazz seems to avoid technology as other musics embrace it.
Jazz shows, graduations and battles of the band use the theater's stage throughout the year.
Jazz slows that down.
Jazz soothes the savage beast.
Jazz sounds great and cool like that.
Jazz sounds great through it, too, though.
Jazz sounds, amplified-sounding flat top tones, overdrive.
Jazz starts lead to challenging explosions of sound.
Jazz starts with a roll-up and gets a two count.
Jazz steps .
Jazz still exerts a shaping influence but there are other less easily categorised forces at work.
Jazz still provides a strong influence for Farina.
Jazz studies majors often perform in recital hours and a wide variety of chamber music groups.
JAZZ supports the windows midi-driver interface.
Jazz swings at music inn jazz school.
Jazz sytles contemporary to traditional.
Jazz takes a little work, but very do-able.
Jazz tears it off.
Jazz tends to have an emphasis on strength.
Jazz thrives on happenstance.
Jazz tries to go up to the top in one big leap, but goes down one step at a time.
Jazz truly is an international language.
Jazz waxes as ragtime wanes.
Jazz welcomes innovation and creativity without judgment.
Jazz always has a presence at the festival.
Jazz often adds an extra bit of flavour to tantalise the taste buds.
Jazz usually meets before school one day a week.
Most jazz rhythms, although complex in nature, utilize a relatively simple base.
Some jazz clarinettists manage to play a glissando on the clarinet .
Some jazz clarinettists manage to play a glissando on the clarinet.
Most jazzy music has a lot of brass to create that smooth, vibrating sound.
Many JCHS members live with cats.
Je deteste ceux qui m'entendent trop vite.
Je devine que vous avez donn vers le haut sur le fran ais.
Je suppose que nous allons nous marier.
Jealous children are invariably unhappy, no matter how many possessions they have.
Some jealous feelings are irrational.
Most jealous men doubt their self-worth.
Jealous partners doubt the other's love or commitment.
Jealousies abound, both among employees and council members.
Jealousies are everywhere.
Jealousies are repeated, lusts are repeated, pride is repeated, solitude is repeated.
Jealousies arise when attractions or emotional involements come into play.
Jealousies occur because of overlapping distance education or other programs.
Jealousy causes a desire to judges.
Jealousy causes death.
Jealousy destroys friendship.
Jealousy has nothing to do with it.
Jealousy has nothing to do with love, it's a sign of possessiveness and lack of trust.
Jealousy has nothing to do with love.
Jealousy infects and undermines families, friendships, and communities.
Jealousy is albums.
Jealousy is emotion.
Jealousy is envy
Jealousy is envy.
Jealousy is resentment.
Jealousy plays so rough.
Jealousy works in much the same way.
Some jealousy is normal between two people who care deeply about each other.
Jean style jackets in all fabrics including denim.
A jean is cloth
Jean identifies two distinct segments of the current youth both in Europe, and America.
Jean isa clothes.
Jean isa clothing.
Jean isa garment.
Jean shrugs off a hint of competitiveness toward the other contestants.
Jeans are absolutely hopeless.
Jeans are acceptable.
Jeans are always appropriate, as are dresses and skirts.
Jeans are available through specialty retailers and department stores.
Jeans are bulky and take a long time to dry.
Jeans are common to all genders as are sweaters and jackets.
Jeans are easy to fold.
Jeans are hard to fence in, but they're okay.
Jeans are hip, whatever.
Jeans are hopeless as they provide no protection on a cold day, especially if they get wet.
Jeans are ideal for hiking and wear at the camp.
Jeans are located in bedrooms.
Jeans are located in closets.
Jeans are located in clothing stores.
Jeans are located in drawers.
Jeans are located in gaps.
Jeans are located in houses.
Jeans are located in malls.
Jeans are located in shopping malls.
Jeans are located in shops.
Jeans are located in stores.
Jeans are located in thrift stores.
Jeans are long pants.
Jeans are ok.
Jeans are okay.
Jeans are soccer players.
Jeans are standard attire.
Jeans are tough, but very heavy, take forever to dry, and are hot.
Jeans are used for clothing.
Jeans are used for fashion.
Jeans are used for utilities.
Jeans are used for wearing.
Jeans get the look too by featuring beading and braiding just above the leg hems.
Jeans go with almost anything, so pack a few.
Jeans have (part) bands.
Jeans have (part) button holes.
Jeans have (part) collars.
Jeans have (part) hems.
Jeans have (part) hip pockets.
Jeans have (part) lap covering.
Jeans have (part) pant legs.
Jeans have (part) pocket flaps.
Jeans have (part) sections.
Jeans have (part) skirts.
Jeans have (part) sleeve.
Jeans have (part) stripes.
Jeans have (part) zippers.
Jeans make a great pile of deep blue rope coiled in two tight circles.
Jeans produced in Gaza remain largely in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank.
Jeans too are very useful on safari.
Jeans transcend age, economic and style barriers.
All jeans are new and first quality.
All jeans are preshrunk.
All jeans are with labels and tags, washed, pressed, folded and in plastic bags.
Most jeans have the heavy seam against the saddle and the smoother seam on the outside.
Some jeans have holes in knees.
Jedi powers are no substitute for superior firepower.
Jeep trail ends, but the single track keeps on going.
A jeep is a car
Jeep comes out first, gets the awards.
Jeep gets away with such a wide stock axle by having extremely heavy backspacing on their wheels.
Jeep is a very strong brand.
Jeep is hard to start when cold.
Jeep is no exception.
Jeep is recognized worldwide, but it drives owners crazy when it gets used generically.
Jeep realizes to stay in business they have to beat the competetion.
Jeep reportedly pays a seven-figure fee for the two games because of the television exposure.
Jeep ride to watch animals.
Jeep rides into the high country near Durango are also available.
Jeep steps away from the 'Shack for a breath of fresh air.
Jeep Turns Over.
Jeeps are available for rent, as are mountain bikes.
Jeeps are bulletproof.
Jeeps are cars.
Jeeps are companies.
Jeeps are division.
Jeeps are Jeeps.
Jeeps are red.
Jeeps are the vehicle of choice for hoisting, area dealers agree.
Jeeps are very easy to break into, especially with a soft top.
Jeeps can be quite temperamental.
Jeeps can jump when they drive over ramps.
Jeeps have windows.
Jeeps line up.
Jeeps tend to be slow and mechanically fragile.
Jejunum isa bowel.
Jejunum isa gut.
Jejunum isa intestine.
Jejunums have (part) corpi.
Jejunums have (part) lobes.
Some jejunums have functions.
Some jejunums have same functions.
Jello isa delicacy.
Jello isa goody.
Jello isa matter.
Jelly bellies are a weird science.
Jelly fish are also to improve currents among certain streams,tides,wave patterns.
Jelly fish are another creature to stay clear of.
Jelly fish are located in beachs.
Jelly fish are located in sea.
Jelly fish can be a problem sometimes too.
Jelly fish come in all sizes.
Jelly fish have heads.
Most jelly fish have heads.
Jellies are a treat to eat for some people.
Jellies are groovy.
Jellies are invertebrates with bodies that consist of a jelly-like substance called mesoglea.
Jellies are notorious transients.
Jellies are partifularly hard to get, and welcomed by consumers.
Jellies are therefore clearer, lighter in body and contain no little seeds.
Jellies belong to the phylum Cnidaria.
Jellies can tell up from down by sensing the sunlight at the surface of the ocean.
Jellies come in many shapes and sizes.
Jellies eat tiny floating animals, fish, and even other jellies.
Jellies have a very complex life cycle which includes four phases.
Jellies have nerve nets that seem to work fairly well for locomotion.
Jellies is the largest exhibit of jellyfish in the world.
Jellies live in estuaries, bays, harbors, and the open ocean.
Jellies lose flavor, and color during storage.
Jellies mate in an interesting manner.
Jellies provide immediate protection.
Jellies Strained juice from fruit is used to amke jellies.
Jelly adds sugar.
Jelly contains glucose.
Jelly is a delicacy
Jelly is conserve.
Jelly is floppies.
Jelly is jam.
Jelly is located in donuts.
Jelly is located in jars.
Jelly is located in refrigerators.
Jelly is made of collagen.
Jelly is spread.
Jelly is substances.
Jelly isa delicacy.
Jelly isa goody.
Jelly jars with fruit designed clear glass.
Jelly making is a good way to preserve fruit flavors for enjoyment throughout the year.
Most jellies have four stomachs that receive their food through a central mouth.
Most jellies propagate asexually, a process that typically involves four distinct stages.
Most jellies propagate asexually.
Most jellies use the tentacles to capture zooplankton prey.
Most jelly is made of collagen.
Some jellies are extremely venomous to humans.
Some jelly has anatomies.
Some jelly has centers.
Some jelly has long tentacles.
Some jelly has phases.
Some jelly has poison.
Some jelly has salinity tolerance.
Some jelly has sticky substances.
Some jelly has substances.
Some jelly has tentacles.
Some jelly has tolerance.
Some jelly shows abnormalities.
Some jelly shows structural abnormalities.
Jellyfish blooms are on the rise.
Jellyfish blooms result in a major microbial respiratory sink of carbon in marine systems.
Jellyfish displays sequences graphically.
Jellyfish experts suggest pouring vinegar over the affected skin.
Jellyfish Lake is unique among the rare, only one life form dominates and it is otherworldly.
All Jellyfish species have tentacles which is where their stingers are.
Most jellyfish species do better with the same species in one tank.
Most jellyfish species have a relatively fixed life span.
Some jellyfish species are kept in aquariums.
Jellyfish stings are most serious when they are numerous, or involve the very young or very old.
Jellyfish stings can vary greatly in severity.
Jellyfish stings cause burning and leave a trail of bumps and welts.
Most jellyfish stings occur in saltwater.
Jellyfish swarms can be a serious threat to fish farms.
Jellyfish swarms can eat enough plankton to create a starvation hazard for other types of fish.
Jellyfish venom is made of protein and is consequently destroyed by the meat tenderizer.
Jellyfish venom is made of protein.
A jellyfish is a cnidarian
Jellyfish adapt for life.
Jellyfish adapt to environments.
Jellyfish appear in sea.
Jellyfish are able to move by using jet propulsion.
Jellyfish are aggressive colonizers.
Jellyfish are clear, dome-shaped aquatic creatures.
Jellyfish are coelenterates.
Jellyfish are different from corals in that they can move around in the water.
Jellyfish are free swimming marine animals who possess tentacles that can sting.
Jellyfish are graceful.
Jellyfish are incredible creatures - it's amazing that they are living things.
Jellyfish are inside oceans.
Jellyfish are inside water.
Jellyfish are invertebrates, which means they are animals without a skeleton.
Jellyfish are invertebrates.
Jellyfish are located in aquariums.
Jellyfish are located in art.
Jellyfish are located in bathing suits.
Jellyfish are located in bays.
Jellyfish are located in books.
Jellyfish are located in cartoons.
Jellyfish are located in chinese restaurants.
Jellyfish are located in coral reefs.
Jellyfish are located in current.
Jellyfish are located in encyclopedias.
Jellyfish are located in hands.
Jellyfish are located in japanese restaurants.
Jellyfish are located in jungle.
Jellyfish are located in lakes.
Jellyfish are located in movies.
Jellyfish are located in ocean water.
Jellyfish are located in oceans.
Jellyfish are located in pacific oceans.
Jellyfish are located in photographs.
Jellyfish are located in ponds.
Jellyfish are located in salt water.
Jellyfish are located in saltwaters.
Jellyfish are located in sea water.
Jellyfish are located in sea.
Jellyfish are located in shores.
Jellyfish are located in smacks.
Jellyfish are located in stores.
Jellyfish are located in tanks.
Jellyfish are located in tidal pools.
Jellyfish are located in tidal water.
Jellyfish are located in water.
Jellyfish are located in zoos.
Jellyfish are male or female.
Jellyfish are marine animals.
Jellyfish are poor swimmers and usually are found drifting in the water.
Jellyfish are strange creatures, and they often send people in the other direction.
Jellyfish are venomous animals.
Jellyfish can be a major hazard, especially for the young.
Jellyfish can be as small as a pea or as big as a patio umbrella.
Jellyfish can be fat and thin.
Jellyfish can live a wide variety of ages.
Jellyfish can reproduce either sexually or asexually.
Jellyfish can survive up to few hours or few months.
Jellyfish capture zooplankton.
Jellyfish catch particles.
Jellyfish catch prey.
Jellyfish cause pain.
Jellyfish cause significant pain.
Jellyfish come from sea.
Jellyfish come from water.
Jellyfish come in a variety of shapes, sizes and colors.
Jellyfish come in many forms, many too fragile to capture in nets.
Jellyfish consist entirely of soft body tissues.
Jellyfish contain proteins.
Jellyfish develop tentacles.
Jellyfish develop thin tentacles.
Jellyfish digest food.
Jellyfish do more with less than almost anything.
Jellyfish do well in dark environments.
Jellyfish eat fish.
Jellyfish eat food.
Jellyfish eat plankton.
Jellyfish eat small fish.
Jellyfish exist in oceans.
Jellyfish feed on food particles.
Jellyfish feed on particles.
Jellyfish feed on zooplankton.
Jellyfish find in coastal water.
Jellyfish find in northern sea.
Jellyfish find in sea.
Jellyfish find in water.
Jellyfish float in sea.
Jellyfish get food.
Jellyfish get nutrition.
Jellyfish go to oceans.
Jellyfish go to water.
Jellyfish grab prey.
Jellyfish grow cells.
Jellyfish has-part organs.
Jellyfish have (part) brains.
Jellyfish have (part) cell membranes.
Jellyfish have (part) cells.
Jellyfish have (part) coelenterons.
Jellyfish have (part) corpi.
Jellyfish have (part) cytoplasm.
Jellyfish have (part) ears.
Jellyfish have (part) faces.
Jellyfish have (part) heads.
Jellyfish have (part) nuclei.
Jellyfish have (part) plasma membranes.
Jellyfish have (part) sections.
Jellyfish have (part) skulls.
Jellyfish have (part) vacuoles.
Jellyfish have babies.
Jellyfish have delicate tissue.
Jellyfish have differences.
Jellyfish have enough venom.
Jellyfish have habitats.
Jellyfish have heads.
Jellyfish have long tentacles.
Jellyfish have lungs.
Jellyfish have male and female individuals just like humans and most other living things.
Jellyfish have mechanisms.
Jellyfish have mouths.
Jellyfish have natural predators.
Jellyfish have organs.
Jellyfish have predators.
Jellyfish have reproduction.
Jellyfish have sexual reproduction.
Jellyfish have sting tentacles.
Jellyfish have stingers.
Jellyfish have substances.
Jellyfish have tentacles.
Jellyfish have thin tentacles.
Jellyfish have tissue.
Jellyfish have venom.
Jellyfish is a major part of the diet of the leatherback turtle.
Jellyfish is another midway-like attraction.
Jellyfish is one of the most ancient organisms on earth.
Jellyfish is the common name of a type of sea animal that biologists call a medusa.
Jellyfish is the quintessential pop band.
Jellyfish isa cnidarian.
Jellyfish knows the game by actually having played a large number of matches.
Jellyfish like water.
Jellyfish live for months.
Jellyfish live for years.
Jellyfish live from a few hours to many months.
Jellyfish live in all the world's oceans.
Jellyfish live in almost all the world's oceans, and they come in all sizes.
Jellyfish live in coasts.
Jellyfish live in environments.
Jellyfish live in fresh water.
Jellyfish live in marine environments.
Jellyfish live in ocean water.
Jellyfish live in oceans.
Jellyfish live in packs, but some jellyfish travel by themselves.
Jellyfish live in sea.
Jellyfish live in seawater.
Jellyfish live in water.
Jellyfish make eggs.
Jellyfish make poison.
Jellyfish make proteins.
Jellyfish make toxins.
Jellyfish occur in a wide variety of sizes, shapes and colors.
Jellyfish occur in four of the classes .
Jellyfish occur in four of the classes.
Jellyfish possess bodies.
Jellyfish possess cells.
Jellyfish possess mechanisms.
Jellyfish possess symmetry.
Jellyfish prefer water.
Jellyfish produce nerve poison.
Jellyfish produce poison.
Jellyfish produce venom.
Jellyfish reach maturity.
Jellyfish reach sexual maturity.
Jellyfish rely on nourishment.
Jellyfish rely on tentacles.
Jellyfish rely on venomous tentacles.
Jellyfish reproduce during lifetimes.
Jellyfish reproduce sexually.
Jellyfish require conditions.
Jellyfish require food.
Jellyfish require water.
Jellyfish ride current.
Jellyfish roam sea.
Jellyfish survive months.
Jellyfish swim in groups.
Jellyfish swim in oceans.
Jellyfish swim in water.
Jellyfish use deadly tentacles.
Jellyfish use mouths.
Jellyfish use sting tentacles.
Jellyfish use tentacles.
Jellyfishes also serve as food for larger marine animals.
Jellyfishes are carnivores.
Jellyfishes have abundant mesoglea helpful in providing buoyancy and in swimming.
Jellyfishes have separate sexes.
Jellyfishes have tentacles with stinging cells used to stun prey.
Jellyfishes undergo a complex life cycle.
Jellyfish often glow blue and green.
Many jellyfish appear clear, almost to the point of invisibility, while others are brilliantly hued.
Many jellyfish are colored and are considered to be among the most beautiful of animals.
Many jellyfish can bud off new medusae directly from the medusan stage.
Many jellyfish inhabit the tropical and temperate waters of Australia.
Most jellyfish appear in sea.
Most jellyfish are inside oceans.
Most jellyfish are inside water.
Most jellyfish are located in sea.
Most jellyfish are located in water.
Most jellyfish are passive carnivores.
Most jellyfish are short lived.
Most jellyfish come from sea.
Most jellyfish come from water.
Most jellyfish develop thin tentacles.
Most jellyfish get food.
Most jellyfish get nutrition.
Most jellyfish go to oceans.
Most jellyfish go to water.
Most jellyfish have a bell-shaped body and long tentacles at the underside of the body.
Most jellyfish have babies.
Most jellyfish have delicate tissue.
Most jellyfish have differences.
Most jellyfish have enough venom.
Most jellyfish have habitats.
Most jellyfish have heads.
Most jellyfish have long tentacles.
Most jellyfish have lungs.
Most jellyfish have mechanisms.
Most jellyfish have mouths.
Most jellyfish have natural predators.
Most jellyfish have organs.
Most jellyfish have predators.
Most jellyfish have reproduction.
Most jellyfish have rudimentary nervous systems.
Most jellyfish have sexual reproduction.
Most jellyfish have sting tentacles.
Most jellyfish have stingers.
Most jellyfish have substances.
Most jellyfish have tentacles.
Most jellyfish have thin tentacles.
Most jellyfish have tissue.
Most jellyfish have two basic life stages.
Most jellyfish have venom.
Most jellyfish live close to land but some live on the bottom of the ocean.
Most jellyfish make eggs.
Most jellyfish make poison.
Most jellyfish make proteins.
Most jellyfish make toxins.
Most jellyfish rely on nourishment.
Most jellyfish rely on tentacles.
Most jellyfish rely on venomous tentacles.
Some jellyfish appear in cambrian explosions.
Some jellyfish appear in explosions.
Some jellyfish are eaten by fly predators.
Some jellyfish are eaten by predators.
Some jellyfish are harvested for collagen.
Some jellyfish become perennial pests.
Some jellyfish become pests.
Some jellyfish can glow in the bottom of the ocean.
Some jellyfish can inflict painful and even dangerous stings to people.
Some jellyfish can kill humans with their sting.
Some jellyfish come from cells.
Some jellyfish come from ecosystems.
Some jellyfish develop lungs.
Some jellyfish develop organs.
Some jellyfish develop sense organs.
Some jellyfish eat animals.
Some jellyfish eat larvae.
Some jellyfish eat small animals.
Some jellyfish find mates.
Some jellyfish give birth to predators.
Some jellyfish has-part stomachs.
Some jellyfish have ability.
Some jellyfish have anuses.
Some jellyfish have arms.
Some jellyfish have boxes.
Some jellyfish have brains.
Some jellyfish have coeloms.
Some jellyfish have color.
Some jellyfish have creamy color.
Some jellyfish have defensive roles.
Some jellyfish have duties.
Some jellyfish have eyes.
Some jellyfish have frilly oral arms around the mouth.
Some jellyfish have golden tints.
Some jellyfish have gray tints.
Some jellyfish have guts.
Some jellyfish have intestines.
Some jellyfish have life stages.
Some jellyfish have light.
Some jellyfish have millions of very small stinging cells in their tentacles called nematocysts.
Some jellyfish have nerve rings.
Some jellyfish have pathways.
Some jellyfish have radial symmetry.
Some jellyfish have responses.
Some jellyfish have rings.
Some jellyfish have roles.
Some jellyfish have second stages.
Some jellyfish have spots.
Some jellyfish have squares.
Some jellyfish have stages.
Some Jellyfish have sticky harpoons and others wrap their harpoons around their prey to trap it.
Some jellyfish have stinging tentacles.
Some jellyfish have structures.
Some jellyfish have symmetry.
Some jellyfish have tentacles to use for defense and prey capture.
Some jellyfish have tints.
Some jellyfish live in Australia.
Some jellyfish live in reefs.
Some jellyfish live up to years.
Some jellyfish reduce their density by actively excluding sulfate from their tissues.
Some jellyfish wash up on beaches.
Some jellyfishes also have sensory cells and contractile cells.
Jennets are also more vocal than mares during their heat period.
Jennets have a longer cervix than mares, however, it is smaller in diameter.
A jenny is an ass
Jenny fixes dinner for the big date.
Jenny works hard every day as a fisher.
Jerboa has flap of skin in the nose and hair in the ears to prevent entering of sand.
Jerboa has mouse-like head with large eyes and whiskers.
Jerboa isa rodent.
Jerboas have (part) brains.
Jerboas have (part) breasts.
Jerboas have (part) cell membranes.
Jerboas have (part) cells.
Jerboas have (part) chest cavities.
Jerboas have (part) chests.
Jerboas have (part) corpi.
Jerboas have (part) cytoplasm.
Jerboas have (part) ears.
Jerboas have (part) faces.
Jerboas have (part) heads.
Jerboas have (part) nuclei.
Jerboas have (part) pedal extremities.
Jerboas have (part) piluses.
Jerboas have (part) plasma membranes.
Jerboas have (part) rib cages.
Jerboas have (part) sections.
Jerboas have (part) skulls.
Jerboas have (part) sterna.
Jerboas have (part) vacuoles.
Jerboas have (part) vertebrate feet.
Jerboas have toes.
Jerboas live in deserts.
Jerboas use sound.
All Jerboa are level one in wild for easy replacement.
Jerboas can jump five to ten feet in a single leap, or they can move using short hops.
Most jerboas have toes.
Some jerboas eat fly insects.
Some jerboas eat insects.
Some jerboas eat plants.
Some jerboas have brown fur.
Some jerboas have ears.
Some jerboas have flaps.
Some jerboas have fur.
Some jerboas have pouches.
Some jerboas have prey.
Some jerboas have senses.
Some jerboas look like kangaroos.
Some jerboas reside in burrows.
Some jerboas reside in underground burrows.
Some jerboas transmit diseases.
Jericho residents are in favor of economic development that is of an appropriate scale.
Jericho soils have darker colored surface horizons.
Jerk baits require a shorter, stiffer rod.
Jerk chicken is a Jamaican favorite, and it's easy to make.
Jerk chicken is skinless and boneless, neither as crusty nor as fiery as the Jamaican original.
Jerk mixtures can be either wet pastes or marinades or dry rubs.
Jerk seasoning is the quintessential Jamaican fare.
A jerk is a misfit
Jerk isa movement.
Jerks are jerks, no matter what age group.
Jerks are misfits.
Jerks are motion.
Jerks are plentiful and boring.
Jerks are rates.
Jerks get away with murder if they are regular weakish players.
Jerks have a tendency to get their clients indicted.
Jerks have to live with themselves.
Jerks pair up with jerks.
Jerks run through whole body.
Some jerk writes a racial epithet on a black guy's desk photo.
Some jerks occur at exposure.
Some jerks write well, some nice people can t.
Jerky bends like a green willow.
Jerky can be both of fish or beef.
Jerky dates back to the earliest civilizations.
Jerky is hard to cut with a regular knife.
Jerky is meat
Jerky is meat.
Jersey cattle are more tolerant of the heat than some of the larger-bodied breeds.
Jersey cities are part of new jerseys.
Jersey City has a glorious history and an even greater future.
Jersey City has a quaint custom, a rite of passage, so to speak.
Jersey City has a tradition of pluralistic education.
Jersey City is a diverse, eclectic community and a major manufacturing and transportation center.
Jersey City is a multi-racial city with hundreds of needs.
Jersey City is a perfect fir for our services.
Jersey City is a tough town politically.
Jersey City is by no means a problem-free community.
Jersey City is connected to Manhattan, New York City, by underground train, ferry, and tunnel.
Jersey City is no longer on the brink of bankruptcy.
Jersey City is one of the most ethnically diverse cities in the world.
Jersey City is perfect fit for our services.
Jersey City is the county seat of Hudson County.
Jersey City is the largest city in New Jersey in population numbers.
Jersey City is the second-most diverse city in the country.
Jersey County artifacts and information.
Jersey cows reach ages.
Jersey cows reach productive ages.
Most jersey cows reach ages.
Most jersey cows reach productive ages.
Jersey girl puts on gear at first football practice.
Jersey girls have some ugly ass feet, they look to be adapted for hanging from cave ceilings.
All jersey images are Copyrighted material.
Jersey law permits imprisonment for debt.
Jersey milk is richer and has a more buttery quality than milk from other breeds of cow.
Jersey numbers correspond to positions.
Jersey Village is an incorporated city located within the area.
A jersey is a shirt
Jersey also has a rigorous regulatory regime.
Jersey appears to have been in sympathy with the insurgents.
Jersey comes with a certificate of authenticity.
Jersey cows produce milk valued by cheesemakers.
Jersey cows, the team of mules, a trio of dogs, one for each boy.
Jersey has a reputation for stability and reliability as a jurisdiction in which to do business.
Jersey has great game use with stick marks, tears and rips, and lots of inside pilling.
Jersey has light snagging evident in several places.
Jersey has nine breeding seabird species, of which seven nest on the north coast.
Jersey has no restriction on the free movement of funds to and from the Island.
Jersey has one of the largest tidal movements in the world.
Jersey has potential for growth to reach UK, or even European, levels of commuter cycling.
Jersey has purple, green and yellow knit trim around neck and arms.
Jersey has some of the finest.
Jersey has the ability to be a very strong force.
Jersey has the luxury of the last line change.
Jersey is a CCM replica with authentic twill.
Jersey is a UK dependent.
Jersey is a very politically stable jurisdiction.
Jersey is also a major jurisdiction for offshore investment funds.
Jersey is also very economically stable.
Jersey is an island to the south of England near France.
Jersey is another child-friendly option.
Jersey is both.
Jersey is divided in to twelve parishes.
Jersey is much too dangerous to be a deathmatch level.
Jersey is naturally beautiful.
Jersey is neither part of the United Kingdom nor a colony.
Jersey is now one of the favourite English holiday resorts.
Jersey is one of the cheapest places in Europe for car hire.
Jersey is one of the most politically stable offshore centres in the world.
Jersey is short sleeve.
Jersey is the fabric of choice for most simple, fall dresses.
Jersey is the most densely populated state.
Jersey is type of fabric.
Jersey is used in the C grade, and double-raschel in the D grade.
Jersey isa shirt.
Jersey offers other Europe and UK connections.
Jersey offers that flexibility.
Jersey operates in the European time zone.
Jersey shows excellent wear.
Jersey shows extensive wear as eveidenced by the picture.
Jersey shows extensive wear as evidenced by picture.
Jersey shows extensive wear as evidenced by the picture.
Jersey shows good wear and has all of the proper tagging in tact.
Jersey shows great wear with team repairs.
Jersey shows Hi, Hey everyone.
Jersey tomatoes when they're in.
Jersey updates, extensive galleries, collector's corner, and links.
Jersey updates, extensive galleries, collector's corner, links.
Jersey updates, extensive galleries, collector''s corner, links.
Jersey's a very good team, they're the defending champions.
Jerseys are carriage.
Jerseys are competitive and aggressive in mixed herd situations , especially with regard to feeding.
Jerseys are countries.
Jerseys are dairy cattle.
Jerseys are decidedly different from other breeds in reproductive performance.
Jerseys are either solid brown or fawn, and sometimes are splashed with white.
Jerseys are highly efficient milk producers.
Jerseys are in town and are being numbered.
Jerseys are knits.
Jerseys are shirts.
Jerseys are states.
Jerseys are the smallest, but yield milk that is high in butterfat and protein.
Jerseys come with certain player numbers.
Jerseys have (part) bands.
Jerseys have (part) button holes.
Jerseys have (part) collars.
Jerseys have (part) cuffs.
Jerseys have (part) hems.
Jerseys have (part) lap covering.
Jerseys have (part) pocket flaps.
Jerseys have (part) pockets.
Jerseys have (part) sections.
Jerseys have (part) shirt buttons.
Jerseys have (part) skirts.
Jerseys have (part) stripes.
Jerseys have a longevity advantage .
Jerseys have approx.
Jerseys have full zipper.
Jerseys have higher butter fat and protein, and typically they graze better than other breeds.
Jerseys have to be tucked in.
Jerseys produce less milk volume.
Jerseys tell people what teams are playing.
All jerseys are as worn by the senior county teams and are supplied with sponsors logos.
All jerseys are blank with no name or number.
All jerseys are game used and worn in professional competition in League Games.
All jerseys are without name and number only.
All jerseys feature embroidered or applique logos.
Any jersey can be framed at an additional charge, please call for price quote.
More jerseys are available in the men's hockey section .
Jessamine County is now among the fastest growing counties in Kentucky.
A jester is a clown
Jesters are basically opportunistic pieces and tend to work best in the middlegame.
Jesters are clowns.
Jesters do oft prove prophets.
Jesters Get Serious.
All jesters wear disguises to make their appearance less distinguishable.
Many jet aircraft fly in the stratosphere because it is very stable.
Some jet aircraft fly in lower stratosphere.
Some jet aircraft fly in stratosphere.
Most jet airplanes have two, three or four engines, depending on aircraft size.
Most jet airplanes have two, three, or four engines, depending on aircraft size.
A jet engine is an engine
Jet engines are aircraft engines.
Jet engines are part of jets.
All jet engines have a combustor or burner in which the air and fuel are mixed and burned.
All jet engines have a compressor to increase the pressure of the incoming air.
All jet engines have a nozzle which produces the thrust as described on the thrust equation slide.
All jet engines have a turbine to drive the compressor.
Most jet engines are part of jets.
Some jet fighters have speed brakes.
Every jet pilot knows that a stabilised approach produces good safe landings and vice versa.
Some jet planes have tips.
Some jet streams have impact.
Jet torch lighters for the cigar smoker or outdoor enthusiast.
A jet is a plane
JET contains two ways of displaying an image.
JET does both, and does it remarkably well.
JET is the largest Tokamak in the world.
JET is the major experiment in Europe's nuclear fusion research programme.
Jet isa aeroplane.
Jet isa airplane.
Jet isa plane.
Jets almost have to go faster to get lift.
Jets also provide astronomers with a unique glimpse of the inner workings of the star and disk.
JETS also stocks a variety of career guidance brochures for junior and senior high school students.
Jets appear to originate at the central compact source and lead out to the extended lobes.
Jets are a concise and robust representation of local grey-level value regions of the image.
Jets are a much common phenomenon in active galactic nuclei.
Jets are accretion disk descendant.
Jets are adjustable and can rotate to different angles.
Jets are airplanes.
Jets are clearly visible.
Jets are comfortable, luggage compartments huge, and flight crews polite.
Jets are conical sprays of subatomic particles confined to a certain narrow width.
Jets are discharge.
Jets are energetic, spectacular, and apparently fragile.
Jets are extremely inefficient at takeoff.
Jets are for Kids as someone once said.
Jets are great for dodging missiles and greatly increasing maneuverability.
Jets are located in air.
Jets are located in airports.
Jets are much more balanced.
Jets are obviously our bogey team.
Jets are popular with anyone who is simply scared of needles, for any reason.
Jets are sweet and very fast.
Jets are varied to meet a variety of needs.
Jets are very versatile for several reasons.
Jets can also originate from gluons radiated by partons in the initial state.
Jets can fly in space.
Jets carry passengers across oceans and around the world.
Jets come and go like sliding doors, the rubbing sound of air and metal.
Jets continue to be active.
Jets fly by overhead, leaving skid marks in the sky over the red Mission walls.
Jets fly daffodils from Ireland, tulips from Holland daily to American markets.
Jets have (part) accelerators.
Jets have (part) aircraft engines.
Jets have (part) bases.
Jets have (part) ceilings.
Jets have (part) floors.
Jets have (part) fuel gauges.
Jets have (part) fuel indicators.
Jets have (part) fuel lines.
Jets have (part) fuel pods.
Jets have (part) fuel systems.
Jets have (part) fulcrums.
Jets have (part) gas gages.
Jets have (part) gas gauges.
Jets have (part) gas lines.
Jets have (part) gas tanks.
Jets have (part) gasoline gages.
Jets have (part) gasoline gauges.
Jets have (part) gasoline tanks.
Jets have (part) hood ornaments.
Jets have (part) jet engines.
Jets have (part) navigation light.
Jets have (part) petrol gages.
Jets have (part) petrol gauges.
Jets have (part) petrol lines.
Jets have (part) petrol tanks.
Jets have (part) power trains.
Jets have (part) radar domes.
Jets have (part) ribs.
Jets have (part) room light.
Jets have (part) sections.
Jets have (part) tail assemblies.
Jets have (part) walls.
Jets have (part) windshields.
Jets have a lot of parts which spin on a central shaft.
Jets have deep orange inside color with moist flesh and marvelous taste.
Jets have right of way History has recorded the first known plane crash caused by cell phones.
Jets have somewhat of a home here.
Jets keep winning in the Championship.
JETs meet the minimum qualifications.
Jets only occur in pairs, going in opposite directions.
Jets provide excellent hydro therapy benefits.
Jets score late to win and cover.
Jets shoot off from the poles of the black hole, perpendicular to the disk.
Jets take mere hours to span a world few believed existed a thousand years ago.
Jets thus introduce an element of uncertainly into the opposing side's calculations.
Jets win .
All jets are brass.
Any jets cap down logical, forward confidence play some ripe piece throughout either silence.
Many jet are in the space game.
Many jets carry many diffirent kinds of missiles.
Many JETS visit quite a few different schools during their year.
More jets equal more noise, more noise is a nuisance, and nuisances lower home values.
Most jets are from repeatedly ejections from the same site throughout the day.
Most JETs have a bike of some type.
Most JETs live on their own rather than in a homestay situation or with roommate.
Some jets also have inertial navigation systems onboard to help pilots find their way.
Some jets are thin and straight, others are wide and billowing.
Some jets can exceed the speed of sound.
Some JETs choose to buy a car, scooter, or cycle while they are here.
Some JETS have a radar range of over a hundred yards.
Some JETs have huge houses to themselves or brand-new apartments with most of the comforts of home.
Some jets have tips.
Some JETS take second jobs during the evening, usually teaching English privately.
A jetliner is a jet
Jetliners make emergency landings in New York, Denver.
Jets fans love that one.
All jetting pumps provided with our dredges have a mechanical water pump seal.
A jetty is a barrier
Jetties also can serve as spawning habitat for walleyes.
Jetties are for the launching and recovery of boats only.
Jetties are probably the principal manmade culprit in reshaping the shoreline.
Jetties are rigid shore protection structures that extend from the beach into the surf zone.
Jetties are wharfs.
Jetties provide excellent fishing for variety of rock fish, coho, and perch.
Jewel bearings provide virtually friction-free helix motion.
Jewel cases take up way too much space.
A jewel is jewellery
Jewel approaches in the distance.
Jewel boxes with two CDs are awkward to open, close and store.
Jewel continues to study and practice new styles and mediums.
Jewel engages in water aerobics and walks for exercise.
Jewel is on for spirituality.
Jewel isa jewellery.
Jewel isa jewelry.
Jewel loves to write.
Jewel starts out quiet and intense, and becomes looser and rockier as the night wears on.
Jewels are african river sp.
Jewels are companies.
Jewels are jewelry.
Jewels are located in japans.
Jewels are people.
Jewels are the end result of a process begun billions of years ago when the Earth was first formed.
Jewels are wonderful things.
Jewels can go all the way looney tunes.
Jewels fall from the door when the door swings open and bangs shut.
Jewels hang from the walls, incense permeates the room, oils surround the countertops.
Jewels have (part) sections.
Jewels purchases and consigns antique and estate jewelry.
Jewels symbolize the inner self as well as the unborn child.
Every jewel has a thousand facets.
Every jewel has seven facets which are the seven doorways to the seven Paths.
Every jewel is handcrafted, therefore every piece is unique, there are no two identical pieces.
Some jewels offer advantage.
A jeweler is a maker
Jeweler isa maker.
Jewelers also use silver solders and torches, the process is the same.
Jewelers are buyers and sellers of antique jewelry and other fine jewelry.
Jewelers are concerned with ideas of gender and the body, for example.
Jewelers are humans.
Jewelers are just car salesmen without the complimentary donuts.
Jewelers are merchants.
Jewelers are on the premises.
Jewelers can weigh their precious metals in pennyweight or troy ounces at a press of the button.
Jewelers create fine jewelry.
Jewelers create jewelry.
Jewelers create yellow, rose, green and white golds by using different alloys.
Jewelers do good jobs.
Jewelers do jobs.
Jewelers have (part) arms.
Jewelers have (part) body substances.
Jewelers have (part) cell membranes.
Jewelers have (part) cells.
Jewelers have (part) corpi.
Jewelers have (part) cytoplasm.
Jewelers have (part) heads.
Jewelers have (part) human bodies.
Jewelers have (part) legs.
Jewelers have (part) material bodies.
Jewelers have (part) necks.
Jewelers have (part) nuclei.
Jewelers have (part) personality.
Jewelers have (part) plasma membranes.
Jewelers have (part) sections.
Jewelers have (part) vacuoles.
Jewelers is in the Mechanical Repair and Precision Crafts Career Cluster.
Jewelers mount real gems.
Jewelers perform services.
Jewelers ponder the thousands of choices available in the trade show.
Jewelers present sterling silver metalworks.
Jewelers show rings.
Jewelers talk with customers.
Jewelers too get old and ugly before they learn how to arrange precious stones well.
Jewelers use a blowtorch to refine gold or silver.
Jewelers always explain content in term of parts gold.
Jewelers often use solder in thin sheets, which they cut into snippets.
Jewelers usually measure carat weights in carat increments.
All jewelers assign their own grades, which leads to misgrading, both unintentional and on purpose.
Many jewelers also sell exclusive Swiss watches.
Most jewelers are familiar with correct proportions and can judge it from the shape.
Most jewelers create fine jewelry.
Most jewelers create jewelry.
Most jewelers do good jobs.
Most jewelers do jobs.
Most jewelers have limited experience in colored stones.
Most jewelers offer such a service very inexpensively.
Most jewelers only use balances accurate to a tenth of a gram.
Most jewelers perform services.
Most jewelers show rings.
Most jewelers talk with customers.
Some jewelers achieve success.
Some jewelers also design or make their own jewelry.
Some jewelers also sell items designed especially to celebrate the mother child bond.
Some jewelers are trained gemologists and are qualified to identify and evaluate gems .
Some jewelers are trained gemologists and are qualified to identify and evaluate gems.
Some jewelers discuss ideas.
Some jewelers do also a custom design.
Some jewelers get out of cars.
Some jewelers have children.
Some jewelers learn on jobs.
Some jewelers learn on the job.
Some jewelers make synthetic colored gemstones available.
Some jewelers offer rewards.
Some jewelers view effects.
Jewelers rouge is a commercial polishing compound.
Jewelers rouge is a cutting tool to aid in the removal of metal without leaving too many marks.
A jeweller is a merchant
Jewellers recommend that pearls be restrung regularly.
Jewellers seek precious stones, which are more valuable, especially when set in gold.
Jewellers frequently borrow techniques from other crafts such as pottery and weaving.
Many jewellers are self-employed.
Most jewellers have ranges to suit all tastes and budgets.
Most jewellers use a set of plain metal finger size rings.
Some jewellers offer 'one off' casting.
Some jewellers sell very poor makes of diamonds everyday under the guise of bargains.
Jewellery artifact tudor key keyring pendant artefact.
Jewellery can be a great tonic and morale boost.
Jewellery can be an expensive mistake while gift vouchers are just plain unromantic.
Jewellery Click on each picture for enlarged view.
Jewellery currently accounts for the vast majority of gold demand in the country.
Jewellery has (part) sections.
Jewellery has high values.
Jewellery has values.
Jewellery is a British variant of the word Jewelry.
Jewellery is a sensitive commodity given special attention during customs clearance.
Jewellery is a separate thing.
Jewellery is adornment
Jewellery is also custom made to conform to the customers special requirements.
Jewellery is fine in moderation.
Jewellery is now the dominant market for gold.
Jewellery is one example.
Jewellery is our passion, as is design and the finer things in life.
Jewellery is set with colourful ammolite, a gem native to Alberta.
Jewellery is something that touches a woman - the pure feeling of warmth and fulfillment.
Jewellery is the most popular item followed by consumer electronics.
Jewellery isa decoration.
Jewellery isa ornament.
Jewellery made of beads is quite popular.
Jewellery Make a braided bracelet .
Jewellery represents an important part of their decoration.
Jewellery shines again.
Jewellery speaks volumes with first impressions.
Jewellery upto an aggregate value of Rs.
Jewellery used in body modification can be simple and plain or dramatic and extreme.
All jewellery has to crushed by the tenderer.
All jewellery is removed, inventoried and sealed and returned to a special safe thereafter.
Most jewellery has high values.
Most jewellery has values.
Most jewellery is made to high-light the beauty of the gems.
Some jewellery is plated to give it a shiny, reflective look or to achieve a desired colour.
Jewelry box covered in a flower-bedecked country print paper, holds a hidden surprise.
Jewelry cleaning is another thing toothbrushes are good for.
All jewelry designs are originals.
Jewelry designers combine wampum with gold, amethyst, sapphires, tanzanite, and diamonds.
Jewelry designers offer museum quality jewelry.
A jewelry store is a dealer
Jewelry stores are a likely source, as are auction houses and online auctions.
Jewelry stores are here.
Jewelry stores can lock their merchandise in vaults at the end of the business day.
Most jewelry stores subcontract their goldsmith work out to an off site shop.
Some jewelry stores accept button batteries.
Some jewelry stores use blue-tinted lights overhead which make less valuable stones look better.
Jewelries are pretty.
Jewelry add total diamond weight and refer to schedule.
Jewelry also has high sentimental value.
Jewelry also varies as one moves up in the middle class.
Jewelry background a plus.
Jewelry Browse our other product lines by clicking on the icons to the left.
Jewelry can affect character stats.
Jewelry can also become a tourniquet when the swelling often seen in burns occurs.
Jewelry can also catch on protruding objects and lead to accidents.
Jewelry can be very difficult to photograph.
Jewelry can come in many forms, worn on any part of the body or clothing.
Jewelry can finish an outfit's look, however keep it simple.
Jewelry can sometimes catch on lace or other loose weaves.
Jewelry carries un-wanted bacteria.
Jewelry carries unwanted bacteria.
Jewelry Click an offer below to view the coupons.
Jewelry Click on picture for larger view and detailed description including size and condition info.
Jewelry Click on the jewelry name or picture for more information and larger picture.
Jewelry Click on the pictures for more information.
Jewelry comes in a navy-blue velvet bag.
Jewelry consists of items such as rings, watches, bracelets, chains, medallions etc.
Jewelry enhances inner beauty.
Jewelry has (part) sections.
Jewelry has a long and interesting history intertwined with mystery and folly and intrigue.
Jewelry has clarity.
Jewelry has it's own rules.
Jewelry has wonderful clarity.
Jewelry Have different jewelry available for dress up.
Jewelry Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Jewelry includes a broken necklace.
Jewelry includes a lifetime guarantee.
Jewelry is a favorite for men and women and conveys wealth, marital status and maturity.
Jewelry is a great gift, but often is expensive because of the materials cost or availability.
Jewelry is a great way to get a conversation started.
Jewelry is a highly personal purchase.
Jewelry is a luxury item they can cut back on.
Jewelry is a personal decision.
Jewelry is a sign of wealth and an open invitation for crooks.
Jewelry is a special delight.
Jewelry is a style driven industry.
Jewelry is a very expensive personal possession.
Jewelry is adornment
Jewelry is adornment.
Jewelry is alright.
Jewelry is also an important part of the women's adornment.
Jewelry is also available to initiated members at any time.
Jewelry is also available.
Jewelry is also cheaper, probably less expensive is the correct phraseology.
Jewelry is also very interesting.
Jewelry is always a favorite.
Jewelry is always illegal, unless worn for verified religious or medical reasons.
Jewelry Is an art.
Jewelry is an elegant feature of a dancer's costume and also accentuates movement.
Jewelry is an example of an industrial design.
Jewelry is an optional, personal item.
Jewelry is another good buy.
Jewelry is another good gift.
Jewelry is another highlight, but is sometimes overpriced.
Jewelry is another one.
Jewelry is another symbol relating to one's social status.
Jewelry is another traditional branch of the economy.
Jewelry is appraised.
Jewelry is authorized for all male personnel.
Jewelry is available in either yellow or white gold, platinum or sterling silver.
Jewelry is considered a shield against evils including hunger, poverty and bad luck.
Jewelry is contemporary miniature sculptures. . . .
Jewelry is crafted to adorn the body.
Jewelry is designed and produced on premises.
Jewelry is discouraged.
Jewelry is enlarged to show detail.
Jewelry is forbidden by good taste.
Jewelry is forbidden on anyone, including wedding rings and watches.
Jewelry is forbidden, including wedding rings and watches.
Jewelry is forbidden.
Jewelry is forever.
Jewelry is found by all machines.
Jewelry is fun, whimsical, sedate, elegant, and many other things in between.
Jewelry is functional as far as being body adornment.
Jewelry is handled the same as property.
Jewelry is hard to mark, so keep all the heirlooms in a safe.
Jewelry is here and knitting is gone.
Jewelry is in excellent condition.
Jewelry is incorporated into the mural as an embellishment of the women.
Jewelry is inserted through the hole.
Jewelry is just a commodity, and price is determined by the market value.
Jewelry is just too expensive.
Jewelry is limited.
Jewelry is listed by total price.
Jewelry is located in boxs.
Jewelry is located in department stores.
Jewelry is located in jewelry stores.
Jewelry is located in safes.
Jewelry is located in suitcases.
Jewelry is located in vaults.
Jewelry is made almost exclusively from the transparent material.
Jewelry is made at the store itself, and sold at wholesale prices.
Jewelry is made by local and visiting jewelers to suit the vogue, tastes and means of customers.
Jewelry is made from gold, silver, bronze, amber and antique beads.
Jewelry is made from shells, conch shells and sea-shell ornaments.
Jewelry is made of silver, gold or platinum and is usually set with precious stones.
Jewelry is made predominately by artists of the Flathead Valley in Montana.
Jewelry is made primarily in silver with gold detail.
Jewelry is mounted with a choice of gold, silver, or surgical steel.
Jewelry is next, followed by cash, clothing, tools and guns.
Jewelry is objects.
Jewelry is offered from all eras and in all price ranges.
Jewelry is often a valued family heirloom.
Jewelry is one of the most common items for sale.
Jewelry is ornaments.
Jewelry is our personal link between earth culture, metal and history, nature and art.
Jewelry is our specialty.
Jewelry is out.
Jewelry is pretty.
Jewelry is primarily sterling silver and semiprecious stones.
Jewelry is returned to the jewelry box, the few kitchen spoons and such delivered downstairs.
Jewelry is sculpture on a small scale.
Jewelry is shipped as soon as the order is received.
Jewelry is shipped from Washington.
Jewelry is sold intact and used for the same purpose.
Jewelry is sold on romance.
Jewelry is something most people have in common.
Jewelry is sparse.
Jewelry is the most recent sculpture.
Jewelry is the preferred currency of most pawn brokers.
Jewelry is the quid pro quo for the system when it works.
Jewelry is the same.
Jewelry is their safety net.
Jewelry is three-dimensional sculpture as well as kinetic sculpture.
Jewelry is to be kept on.
Jewelry is to be kept to a minimum.
Jewelry is used for adornment.
Jewelry is used for decoration.
Jewelry is used for status.
Jewelry is used for wearing.
Jewelry is used to collateralize a loan.
Jewelry is usually a representation of materialistic values.
Jewelry is very personal.
Jewelry is what most shoppers head for.
Jewelry is worn for many reasons.
Jewelry is worn in the resulting opening.
Jewelry is woven in yellow gold, white gold, silver, and in combinations of metals.
Jewelry is, and has always been, used for a variety of functions.
Jewelry isa decoration.
Jewelry isa ornament.
Jewelry lasts longer than college sweethearts do.
Jewelry Leave it at home.
Jewelry Look for something old and something new.
Jewelry made from coral is banned.
Jewelry Make cool necklaces using a few simple beads and inexpensive leather cords.
Jewelry Make jewelry by stringing beads on dental floss.
Jewelry makes a timeless gift for anyone.
Jewelry makes a wonderful gift.
Jewelry makes the perfect gift.
Jewelry Making - Guide for exploring the making of jewelry.
Jewelry Matching sterling set includes pendant, earrings, and post earrings.
Jewelry needs to be kept to a minimum, as does perfume or cologne.
Jewelry needs to be stored in individual soft cloth bags in a jewelry box.
Jewelry needs to be worn in moderation.
Jewelry Never underestimate the importance of jewelry.
Jewelry offers designs.
Jewelry plays an important part of every wedding.
Jewelry reflects light.
Jewelry reflects the workmanship and the style of both the designer and owner.
Jewelry repairs The true value of a piece of jewelry is inherited when the item is purchased.
Jewelry represents one of lifes little enjoyments.
Jewelry seems to be a sign for wealth but as for outer beauty.
Jewelry Stay away from dangling earrings, multiple rings, and noisy bracelets.
Jewelry Take a look at some creative incorporation of Titanium in jewelry.
Jewelry takes real thought to pull together and put on.
Jewelry tends to sparkle - unless the dress does.
Jewelry utilizing Philistine design is made on the kibbutz and can be purchased.
Jewelry always makes a great gift for graduations retirements.
Jewelry always makes a nice gift.
Jewelry always seems to be a hot item for tourists visiting Greece.
Jewelry often contains brass plating, which can cause allergic reactions or infection.
Jewelry often uses gemstones and precious metals.
All jewelry arrive in an elegant gift box.
All jewelry arrives in attractive gift boxes.
All jewelry carries a no questions, money back guarantee.
All jewelry comes gift boxed with a description card.
All jewelry comes gift boxed.
All jewelry comes in a gift package like the one pictured below.
All jewelry comes in a velvet gift box.
All jewelry comes with a gift box.
All jewelry comes with free deluxe gift box.
All jewelry is a product of the era into which it was born.
All jewelry is available in both silver and gold finish.
All jewelry is boxed and wrapped securely.
All jewelry is crafted with wire wrapping.
All jewelry is custom made to order.
All jewelry is designed by their expert own masters.
All jewelry is for sale.
All jewelry is gift boxed with a descriptive history.
All jewelry is guaranteed as described.
All jewelry is guaranteed to be as described.
All jewelry is Guaranteed to be free from defects in craftsmanship and materials on delivery.
All jewelry is hand crafted.
All jewelry is handcrafted by local Native American Indian artists and silversmiths.
All jewelry is handmade in Israel.
All jewelry is handmade, quality work and available in gold, silver and bronze.
All jewelry is heavy sterling.
All jewelry is imported from England and is of the highest quality sterling silver.
All jewelry is in excellent and original condition, unless otherwise indicated.
All jewelry is in very good condition unless otherwise specified.
All jewelry is individually hand crafted on the premises.
All jewelry is insured and locked up in the evenings.
All jewelry is lifetime warrantied.
All jewelry is made to order, taking about a week to fulfill.
All jewelry is made with findings in either a silver or gold finish.
All jewelry is made with real stones and sterling silver charms.
All jewelry is one of a kind and guaranteed as described.
All jewelry is one of a kind.
All Jewelry is one of a kind.
All jewelry is painted freehand in acrylics without magnification on feather light, laser cut wood.
All jewelry is removed prior to treatment.
All jewelry is shipped in a small gray gift box with a silver band - perfect for gift giving.
All jewelry is shipped in complimentary silver jewelry bags.
All jewelry is signed and dated by the designer.
All jewelry is silver tone nickel plated.
All jewelry is subject to prior sale.
All jewelry is subject to prior sales.
All jewelry is to be either a solid metal or in the school colors.
All jewelry is unique thanks to mother nature.
All jewelry made by catdancer designs is unique and special orders are welcome.
All jewelry needs here.
Any jewelry can be dangerous.
More Jewelry Click here for shopping cart help.
Most jewelry contains a mixture of at least two other metals.
Most jewelry has clarity.
Most jewelry has wonderful clarity.
Most jewelry is available in a variety sapphire colors and in varying carat weights and sizes.
Most jewelry offers designs.
Most jewelry reflects light.
Some jewelry comes from oysters.
Some jewelry has magical power.
Some jewelry has personal significance.
Some jewelry has significance.
Some jewelry is processed with a layer of gold which has been mechanically bonded to a base metal.
Some jewelry is processed with a thin layer of gold.
Some jewelry is suited to home cleaning with a mild soap solution and a soft brush.
Some jewelry making experience is required.
Jewish activists agree.
Most Jewish activity occurs in Dushanbe with a synagogue, schools, and community centers.
Jewish apartheid begins with adults.
Jewish artists present and talk about their work.
Jewish authorities disagree as to the exact capacity.
Jewish backgrounds extend form limited to extensive experiences and knowledge.
Jewish belief is based on national revelation.
Jewish beliefs center on the Exodus.
Jewish believers have a right to use the menorah as a symbol of our religion and heritage.
Jewish believers prefer to focus on the real meaning of the cross.
Jewish blood is still cheap.
Many Jewish bookstores sell longer colored candles.
Jewish boroughs remain part of Israel.
Jewish bottles are quite rare.
Jewish boys wear small leather cases holding scriptural passages.
Many Jewish buildings are intact but have been put to other uses.
Jewish businessmen hold regular religious services in the city.
Jewish camps are more popular than ever.
Jewish camping is more than a luxury.
Most Jewish celebrations are followed by a dinner to honor the occasion.
Jewish children constitute the majority within the numerous foreign schools.
Jewish children have a bar mitzvah.
Jewish children know their story.
Jewish children learn the question early in life as part of their religious training.
Most Jewish children attend Jewish day schools, regardless of their religious affiliation.
Most Jewish children attend the community's Hebrew day school.
Most Jewish children go to two schools.
Many Jewish communities sink into poverty, and only a few continue to prosper.
Most Jewish communities have a weekly.
Jewish composers lecture.
Jewish congregations have many members.
Jewish connection can provide the meaning that they're missing.
Jewish consciousness says that the worst crime is murder.
Jewish consumers can choose from a variety of web sites to suit their unique needs.
Jewish continuity is another issue that reverberates around the globe.
Jewish continuity is our primary goal.
Jewish continuity starts with a decision.
Jewish couples have the lowest rates.
Most Jewish couples bring a rabbi from their home temple.
Jewish culture emphasizes social justice.
Jewish culture is introduced through music, stories and holiday observances.
Jewish culture is now available via a range of sources.
Jewish culture is quite a broad area of study, including more than just holidays and dietary habits.
Jewish culture is the creation of the Jewish people.
Jewish culture needs to be validated.
Jewish custom discourages giving flowers in memory of someone who has died.
Jewish custom forbids funeral orations for suicide victims.
Jewish custom has boys circumcised on the eighth day after birth.
Jewish custom is for simplicity.
Jewish custom is to count inclusively, that is, counting the beginning as first.
Jewish custom suggests prearranged betrothal and marriage.
All Jewish dates go from sundown to sundown.
Jewish daughters are pushy, horny prima donnas.
Jewish depositors are and always have been treated just like everyone else.
Jewish detective sees anti-Semitic conspiracy.
Jewish divorce is no-fault in that there are no arguments or settlements.
Jewish doctors are all right.
Jewish drivers are often unwilling to make the trip.
Jewish education continues throughout life.
Jewish education is a communal as well as parental responsibility.
Jewish education is a family issue.
Jewish education is a life-long experience that continues beyond the classroom.
Jewish education is certainly such an issue.
Jewish education is crucial for our children to become links in the unbroken chain of our tradition.
Jewish education is no exception.
Jewish education is the key to our future as a community.
Jewish education is too vital to wait till school.
Jewish education is unfortunately very costly.
Jewish education remains the primary response to that danger.
Most Jewish education takes place locally.
Jewish elements find their way into history, English and art classes as well.
Jewish ethics begins with Torah and expands to include discussion, opinion and history.
Jewish evangelism remains an undersupported field.
Jewish families are exceptionally close-knit, with loving fathers and doting husbands.
Jewish families are generally very large.
Jewish families are very close.
Jewish families tend to be very concerned about and put great emphasis on education.
Jewish family loses out to Louvre.
Every Jewish family needs one for their home library.
Jewish fantasy is one.
All Jewish feasts end in the same theme.
Jewish festivals conclude with the appearance of three stars in the evening sky.
Jewish festivals start at sunset on the evening before the date stated.
Every Jewish festival has opportunities for an interactive experience in preparing a meal.
Many Jewish festivals commemorate major events in Jewish history.
Jewish folklore considers the addition of chicken feet the secret to successful broth.
Jewish folklore is filled with stories of tricksters, rascals and scoundrels who do something good.
Jewish folklore is full of sayings reflecting that kind of tension.
Jewish folklore suggests it adds strength while fasting .
Jewish folklore suggests it adds strength while fasting.
Jewish food is much more than brisket and chopped liver.
Jewish fundamentalists obstruct the peace process in the middle east.
Jewish genealogy is about sharing .
Jewish genealogy is often quite different from other types of genealogy.
Jewish genealogy is the study of people with too few last names and too many first names.
Jewish girls coming out of school, ca.
Jewish group champions Prop.
Jewish groups are irate about the new game, and what they see as the targeting of Jewish youngsters.
Jewish groups brook no questioning of their orthodoxies.
Jewish groups say Jewish life is re-establishing itself in Poland.
Jewish groups weigh in on the propositions.
Jewish groups worry about the broader implications of that desire.
Jewish guests arrive and then disappear.
Jewish guidance directs every axe of destruction . . .
Jewish gymnasia are so dirty.
Jewish history attests that the method devised by the rabbis succeeded.
Jewish history has much to teach any young person about becoming engaged in matters of state.
Jewish history is a cycle, spiralling ever upwards, closer to our final redemption.
Jewish history is a dismal record of the devastating effect of stereotyping and xenophobia.
Jewish history is a human story.
Jewish history is another.
Jewish history is filled with such cycles.
Jewish history is full of sad events which are marked by commemorations and memorial services.
Jewish history is one of the great sagas of human history.
Jewish history is presented with archeological information and multi-media materials.
Jewish history is replete with tales of the humility of our great leaders.
Jewish history is taught within a vacuum, they claim.
Jewish history is witness to the positive force of diversity.
Jewish history is, and always had been, a contentious area of study.
Jewish history makes uninspiring and disconnected guest appearances on the universal stage.
Jewish history proves that repentance can work salvation no matter how great the sin.
Jewish history runs particularly deep Lithuania.
Jewish history shows a recurring pattern of internecine struggle, often turned violent.
Jewish history shows ample evidence of both approaches.
Jewish holidays are religious holidays.
Jewish holidays begin at sundown of the previous day.
Jewish holidays begin at sundown the day before the listed date.
Jewish holidays begin at sundown.
Jewish holidays have their own hazards.
Jewish Holidays Learn about the holidays, hear the songs, find a book - it's all here.
Jewish holidays occur on different dates every year.
Jewish holidays tend to include strict fasting followed by feasting.
All Jewish holidays are an integral part of our program.
All Jewish holidays begin at sundown and finish at sundown.
All Jewish holidays begin at sundown on the evening before the date shown.
All Jewish holidays begin at sundown the day before they are listed here.
All Jewish holidays begin at sundown the day before they are listed.
All Jewish holidays begin at sunset the day before the holiday.
All Jewish holidays begin at sunset the previous day.
All Jewish holidays begin before sundown and end after nightfall.
All Jewish holidays celebrate some aspect of the human experience.
All Jewish holidays have moments that are tailor-made for children.
Every Jewish holiday is accompanied by special, festive gatherings.
Every Jewish holiday is an opportunity to work on a certain aspect of personal growth.
Every Jewish holiday is precededby relevant classes.
Every Jewish home needs Jewish books.
Jewish houses are dirty and neglected.
Jewish humor is about the absurd.
Jewish humor is also a response to persecution and sadness.
Jewish humor is often quick and biting.
Jewish humour is dark and sad humour, but very funny.
Jewish identity begins and ends with a very basic predicament.
Jewish identity is a constant question, a process in the making.
Jewish identity is a developing historical phenomenon.
Jewish identity is a mixture of religious, historical, and ethnic factors.
Jewish identity is also at issue in the conduct of Joseph in Egypt, the subject of our parasha.
Jewish identity is an ethnic reality.
Jewish identity is very lacking both among the Jewish and the non-Jewish immigrants.
Jewish identity stands firmly on the pillars of the past, Torah, history and traditions.
Many Jewish immigrants regard Hebrew as the language of their ancestors rather than an alien tongue.
Jewish interest controls many of our media.
Jewish journalists are a large and powerful group here.
Jewish law allows exhumation only in very rare, extreme cases and under strict conditions.
Jewish law concerns itself in a comprehensive manner with matters of utmost private concern.
Jewish law fixes on unchangeable paternity established at birth.
Jewish law focuses entirely on natural relationships to establish parental rights and duties.
Jewish law forbids euthanasia in all forms, and is considered an act of homicide.
Jewish law forbids smoking on the day of rest.
Jewish law has a highly developed thought of ownership and theft.
Jewish law has an ethical, but also a pragmatic, approach to the question of abortion.
Jewish law has as many interpretations as there are scholars.
Jewish law has much to say on the subjects of death, dying and mourning.
Jewish law has no love and regard for animals in the Germanic sense.
Jewish law holds that abortion is murder, plain and simple.
Jewish law is ambivalent about amulets.
Jewish law is built on the concept of mitzvah, or obligation.
Jewish law is explicit about proper burial practices.
Jewish law is far closer to British common law than to ancient Roman law.
Jewish law is normative, but change in the law really is nearly impossible.
Jewish law is objective and unchangeable.
Jewish law is quite specific regarding multiple interments in the one grave site.
Jewish law mandates abortion in certain cases, like saving the life of the mother.
Jewish law mandates that saving lives is more important than anything else.
Jewish law mandates that the costs are shared equally by the two sides.
Jewish law permits exceptions in some cases.
Jewish law prohibits eating both.
Jewish law prohibits infanticide, human sacrifice, and killing for sport.
Jewish law prohibits sitting shiva on the Sabbath.
Jewish law prohibits the former and permits the latter.
Jewish law prohibits the mixing of two kinds of anything.
Jewish law recognizes a fundamental distinction between lost property and mislaid property.
Jewish law recognizes divorce, made official by a document called a Get.
Jewish law recognizes that the woman who gestates and gives birth to a child is the child's mother.
Jewish law regarding business ethics and practices is extensive.
Jewish law requires burial in the earth.
Jewish law requires it.
Jewish law requires male children be circumcised on the eighth day following birth.
Jewish law requires our loyalty to our respective host country.
Jewish law requires that the entire body of a person be returned to the earth.
Jewish law says that the testimony of a witness is acceptable only if it corroborated by another.
Jewish law stipulates that almost all commandments can be violated to save human life.
Jewish law supports the life-saving operation.
Jewish law takes a different view.
Jewish leaders are overly confident in their ability to ride the tiger.
Jewish leaders cite several reasons for the shortage.
Jewish leaders have the responsibility to bring the Jewish people to fulfill their destiny.
Jewish leaders say the change represents both challenges and opportunities.
Jewish leaders say the college has contributed immeasurably to the city's Jewish community.
Many Jewish leaders are concerned about the increased rate of interfaith marriages.
Many Jewish leaders are deeply worried.
Jewish life consists of two things.
Jewish life has an infinite value.
Jewish life is about people, people coming together in a sense of extended family.
Jewish life is always exciting.
Jewish life is essential.
Jewish life is punctuated with both happy and sad life-cycle events.
Jewish life is with people.
Jewish life needs many things.
Jewish life revolves around the community setting.
Jewish life varies a great deal from campus to campus.
Jewish lives depend on it.
Every Jewish life is precious.
Jewish literacy is a life long process which requires commitment on the part of each individual.
Jewish literature see Hebrew literature .
Jewish literature seems to provide contradicting answers to the question.
Jewish liturgy incorporates numerous lists.
Jewish love is discreet, modest, intimate, private, quiet.
All Jewish men are good husbands and fathers.
Jewish memories are short.
Jewish metaphors are the road signs.
Jewish militants celebrate their takeover of two houses in an Arab neighbourhood of Jerusalem.
Jewish misery has two forms, the material and the moral.
Jewish months are lunar months.
Jewish mothers call totheir babies through the gritted teeth of intense love.
Jewish mothers have the habit of intensely observingtheir children.
Jewish motherhood is alive and well, despite every effort to annihilate all that is holy.
Jewish mourners eat eggs on their return from funeral services of their loved ones.
Jewish mourners vent their grief by weeping loudly.
Jewish museums can play a critical role in enhancing Jewish identity.
Jewish music has as many different aspects as the Jewish culture itself.
Jewish music is as diverse as the Jewish people itself.
Jewish music is multi-cultural music.
Jewish music is really a small segment of the total marketplace.
Jewish music is the expression of the life and times of the Jewish people.
Jewish music shares a similar legacy.
Most Jewish music is borrowed from the cultures they live in.
Many Jewish musicians arrange their own music.
Jewish mystics take dreams seriously.
Jewish mysticism personifies the Sabbath as a bride and queen.
Jewish nationalism is good and every other nationalism is bad.
Jewish nature is autocratic.
Jewish newspapers are in a particularly tough position.
Jewish observance includes observance of the laws of family purity, as detailed above.
Jewish observance is a highly private matter.
Jewish observances involve ethical and ritual, affirmative and prohibitive injunctions.
Many Jewish observances are time bound and Earth bound.
Jewish organizations establish Indian relief fund.
Jewish organizations is a very important part of our Jewish consciousness.
Jewish organizations say the prayer movement is spreading a divisive message.
Jewish organizations work together to send aid to El Salvador.
Jewish orthodoxy is committed to practice.
Jewish parents have the same choice any other parents have.
Jewish parents have tremendous power.
Jewish particularism is a past value swept away on the tides of liberalism.
Jewish partisans begin operating in Minsk area.
Jewish patents are property values and therefore to be arianized too.
Jewish people are located in synagogues.
Jewish people are stingy etc.
Jewish people are the most optimistic people in the world.
Jewish people believe that the first five books of the Bible are the most important.
Jewish people consider the day holy, and hold a religious ceremony at a meal with special foods.
Jewish people consider the Name of God to be very holy.
Jewish people eat at Passover.
Jewish people make good lawyers.
Jewish people pray three times daily.
Jewish people symbolize the joy of the new year by eating sweets.
Jewish people tend to calm and numb themselves with food.
Jewish people use the word holocaust all the time.
All Jewish people are cheap.
Most Jewish people see the gate.
Jewish performance is much better in Protestant countries than in Catholic countries.
Jewish person is safe but lackluster.
Jewish practice forbids the making of legal decisions based on dreams.
Jewish practice frowns on any effort to camouflage the fact that a death has occurred.
Jewish prayer can be a very personal exercise.
Jewish prayer can be long, drawn out, slow, tiring, repetitive and hard to understand.
Jewish prayer is a spiritual discipline for regaining wonder each day.
Jewish prayer is centered on the performance of liturgical and sacred text.
Jewish prayer is designed to become second nature, a part of a person, a daily diet.
Jewish prayer is musical.
Jewish prayers are beautiful.
Jewish propaganda is intensified at the expense of Swedish taxpayers.
Jewish property is to be delivered on special demand.
Jewish property is to be surrendered on special demand.
Jewish protocol lays out what the son needs for an education.
Jewish rabbi is redundant.
Jewish radio is a niche market.
Jewish reaction is mixed.
Jewish readings are also available.
Any Jewish reference is made.
Jewish religion counts thousands of years.
Jewish religion is, above all, Jewish patriotism.
Jewish renewal experiences in a unique California family camp.
Jewish renewal is caught here in a paradox.
Jewish residents live in a virtual state of siege.
Jewish resilience is integral to our heritage.
Jewish resistance continues with grenades and home made bombs.
Jewish resources jewish ANY Jewish resources.
Jewish ritual gives a semblance of structure to chaos and a vehicle for expressing anguish.
Some Jewish sages claim that destroying a person's reputation is worst than murder.
Jewish scholarship is a fine thing.
Jewish settlements continue to spring up.
Jewish settlers are fully armed.
Jewish settlers continue attacking unarmed Palestinian civilians.
Jewish settlers jolt patchy ceasefire by torching Arab homes.
Jewish settlers pore over plan to obstruct implementation of deal.
Jewish settlers retain the full right to enter and exit the territories at any time.
Jewish settlers use separate roads to travel.
Jewish settlers vow to obstruct implementation of deal.
Jewish Shanghai is a unique community once thrived in Shanghai.
Jewish shtick is ubiquitous in American humor.
Jewish singles chat.
Jewish singles dance with live band and dairy buffet.
All Jewish singles are welcome.
Jewish sites cost nothing to visit.
Jewish son begins to heal the rift between parent and child and between cultures as well.
Jewish souls are ready and waiting to be kindled.
Jewish sources are themselves witnesses in the quest.
Jewish sources posit that there is more than one type of captive.
Jewish sources reject the concept that sex is an intrinsically evil act.
Jewish sources say the suffering servant depicted here refers to the nation of Israel.
Jewish sources teach two contradictory messages.
Jewish status is determined by the mother.
All Jewish stores are closed.
Jewish street is in the market now.
Jewish students are now both distinct and better integrated into the college community as a whole.
Jewish students attend services at the Beth Israel synagogue, about one mile from the campus.
Jewish students meet weekly on campus to socialize and plan events.
Every Jewish student is a significant part of Georgetown's Jewish community.
Many Jewish students find the Sabbath a welcome island of stillness in their busy schedules.
Jewish studies curriculum.
Jewish studies is taught as the central enjoyable core of the school curriculum.
Jewish studies lecture.
Jewish studies talk.
Jewish surgeons seem even to have known how to operate for cataract.
Jewish survival defies the laws of nature.
Jewish survival is at stake.
Jewish survivors come here to pay their respects, but their number dwindles by the year.
Jewish survivors deliver a haunting message.
Jewish survivors meet one of their teenage rescuers.
Jewish synagogue is redundant.
Jewish synagogues are to be set on fire .
Some Jewish teens are willing to interdate, but a Jewish home and Jewish kids are nonnegotiable.
Jewish terrorists attack Roman barracks.
Jewish theologians are no different.
Jewish theology does have certain uniformities within it as well as variations.
Jewish theology is here teaching a critical lesson.
Jewish tombs await the resurrection on the side of the Mount of Olives facing the Temple Mount.
Jewish topics are only a small part of our curriculum.
Jewish tradition assigns it a height of about five feet and width of about three and a half feet.
Jewish tradition believes in sexuality as a positive force.
Jewish tradition blends with a fine story about a new sister's adjustments to a baby in the house.
Jewish tradition claims that it was made from one solid mass, without any soldering of parts.
Jewish tradition considers provocative material to have a very damaging effect on the human spirit.
Jewish tradition considers the sexual act to be extremely holy.
Jewish tradition depends heavily on scientific observation when deciding relevant issues.
Jewish tradition directs managers of tzedakah funds to behave above suspicion.
Jewish tradition does offer alternatives to romance.
Jewish tradition encourages a direct confrontation with the reality of death.
Jewish tradition encourages equality of humankind.
Jewish tradition encourages simplicity in burial.
Jewish tradition frowns upon autopsies.
Jewish tradition has strong things to say about what's ethically right and wrong.
Jewish tradition holds that words with the same value are related.
Jewish tradition is circumspect about punishment in general.
Jewish tradition is mixed when it comes to adoption.
Jewish tradition is practical and prescriptive.
Jewish tradition is replete with psychological insight.
Jewish tradition links abortion to the sexually licentious, who employ it to hide their sins.
Jewish tradition mandates burying the dead as soon as possible.
Jewish tradition militates against abuse of natural resources and the environment.
Jewish tradition places a great value on the health and well being of the mind.
Jewish tradition places no value on suffering for suffering's sake.
Jewish tradition prefers a simple, gold band.
Jewish tradition prohibits abuse of natural resources and the environment.
Jewish tradition recognizes the democracy of death.
Jewish tradition recognizes the egalitarian nature of death.
Jewish tradition requires nothing more to be done.
Jewish tradition says that there was a different face on each of the four tribal group standards.
Jewish tradition speaks often of lost writings and books.
Jewish tradition teaches that from the small, great emerges.
Jewish tradition teaches that man was created in Gods image.
Jewish tradition teaches that our prayers and our actions can change the entire world.
Jewish tradition teaches that redemption is a continuous possibility.
Jewish tradition teaches that the adoptive parent is to be praised.
Jewish tradition teaches that the Sabbath is a glimpse of the world to come.
Jewish uniformity is a very bad thing, indeed, is a very unJewish thing.
Jewish vacationers sense impending doom on a trip to Vienna.
Jewish values guide the administration of the school.
Jewish values place ethical behavior above doctrine.
Jewish values require no less.
Jewish vegetarians view their diet as a practical way to put Jewish values into practice.
All Jewish villages are on the hills with a commanding view of the area.
Jewish voters are a key constituency in New York.
Jewish voters are already overwhelmingly Democratic and have been for many years.
Jewish weddings are also available.
Jewish weddings differ quite drastically from their Christian counterparts.
Jewish wisdom assesses the highest priority to clarifying life goals.
Jewish wisdom is weaved into the yoga tradition in some of the teaching.
Jewish women can have some big tits.
Jewish women have less to lose.
Jewish women stay five times longer in an abusive marriage than others.
Jewish women tend to stay in abusive relationships twice as long as other women.
Many Jewish women feel a heavy responsibility for the concept of shalom bayit, or peace in the home.
Jewish worship is a serious, adult endeavor.
Jewish worship is based on the homefront.
Jewish worshippers pray at the wall, which they revere as part of a biblical temple.
Jewish writers differ about the sense and derivation of it.
Jewish writers seem to be more realsistic and open when it comes to sex.
Every Jewish year begins with the ten most important days of the year.
Jewish youths attend services and receive religious instruction at a nearby synagogue.
Jewish youths preparing for the ceremony are serious students.
Most jibs enable the operator to mount the camera on top of the camera cradle.
Jiffy isa time.
A jig is a fish lure
Jig isa diversion.
Jig isa recreation.
Jigs apply large amounts of pressure to a small number of points on the patient.
Jigs are dance music.
Jigs are dances.
Jigs are devices.
Jigs are folk dancing.
Jigs have actions.
All jigs have their time and place, and can be used in a number of situations.
Most jigs are bouncy throughout.
Most jigs have actions.
Some jigs even have the points below the line eye.
Some jigs have the eyelet in line with the hook, and others have it at an angle.
Some jigs take care.
A jigger is a mite
Jiggers find that leadhead jigs with plastic worms or plastic scampis work best.
Most jigging spoons come in silver, with a few in brass as well.
A jigsaw puzzle is a puzzle
All jigsaw puzzles shown are subject to availablity of stock on hand at time of order .
A jigsaw is a power tool
Jigsaw isa machine.
Jigsaws are big business .
Jigsaws are great for splitting skulls.
Jigsaws have (part) bases.
Jigsaws have (part) sections.
Jilted lovers take heart, revenge is possible and easy to obtain.
A jimmy is a lever
Jimmies are crowbars.
Jimmies are nuts.
Jimmies have a long and narrow apron that looks like an upside down T .
Jimmy graduates high school and returns to California to attend college.
Jimmy has everything it takes to be a true top cat.
Jimmy returns home feeling awful.
Jimmycomelately creek is home to runs of cutthroat trout, steelhead, coho and summer chum salmon.
Jing actors are usually, in fact, extroverts.
Jing costume is simple and practical.
All jingle dances are part of a healing ceremony.
A jingle is sound
Jingles appeal to everyone.
Jingles are sound.
Jingles are the music of America.
Jingles can be one of the most powerful elements of a successful advertising campaign.
Jingles can help build brand awareness, image.
Jingles create a positive impression and reinforce it through repetition.
Jingles provide advertisers with a consistent image upon which to build an advertising campaign.
Jingles welcomes the season in a festive red and green harness.
Some jingles can repeat for a year or two.
A jingoism is nationalism
Jingoism is an awkward way to achieve the next step of human intellectual and technological growth.
Jingoism is extreme, unthinking, chauvinistic patriotism.
Jingoism is part of the public relations offensive being mounted to rally support for the deal.
Jingoism still disfigures the lowbrow end of our journalism.
Jird isa gerbil.
Jirds are closely related to gerbils .
Jirds are highly social and are best kept in small same-sex groups or pairs.
Jirds are intensely curious and extremely active.
Jirds have (part) brains.
Jirds have (part) breasts.
Jirds have (part) cell membranes.
Jirds have (part) cells.
Jirds have (part) chest cavities.
Jirds have (part) chests.
Jirds have (part) corpi.
Jirds have (part) cytoplasm.
Jirds have (part) ears.
Jirds have (part) faces.
Jirds have (part) heads.
Jirds have (part) nuclei.
Jirds have (part) pedal extremities.
Jirds have (part) piluses.
Jirds have (part) plasma membranes.
Jirds have (part) rib cages.
Jirds have (part) sections.
Jirds have (part) skulls.
Jirds have (part) sterna.
Jirds have (part) vacuoles.
Jirds have (part) vertebrate feet.
Jirds live on gravel and sandy plains.
A jitter is movement
Jitter consists of motions that have predominant effects during the pixel exposure time.
Jitter occurs when congestion prevents the bit-streaming from coming through adequately.
Jitter occurs when external background magnetic forces interfere with the monitor's internal fields.
Jitter refers to the fastest variations in clock frequency.
Jitters are movement.
Jitters are noise.
Jitters are perturbation.
Some jitter clears the straight lines.
A jitterbug is a social dancing
Jitterbug can accept email requests as well as being a web-based application system.
Jitters are nervousness.
Jittery awkwardness is replaced with a smirky-smile of relief.
Jive changes is to support scalability and fault-tolerance natively.
All Jive code is included.
Jive magazine is a gene pool of artists, writers, poets, musicians.
Jive trance is the latest genre of dance music to emerge from the clubs and raves of Europe.
A jive is jazz
Jives becomes a Jockey.
JNU library is housed in a nine-story building.
Job analysis captures the content of jobs as they are described at one point in time.
Job analysis consists of job-description and job specifications.
Job analysis customizes workplace training plans.
Job analysis defines the foundation for virtually all critical HR functions.
Job analysis does have a role in developing an education program for our three scenarios.
Job analysis generates job prospectus information needed by applicants .
Job analysis is a breakdown of the tasks and the behaviors necessary to perform a specific job.
Job analysis is a process where judgments are made about data collected on a job.
Job analysis is in many ways the first personnel activity that affects commitment and performance.
Job analysis is particularly useful when hiring people with disabilities.
Job analysis is the backbone of a company.
Job analysis is the combination of job descriptions and job specifications.
Job analysis is the foundation of most human resource and personnel activities.
Job analysis is the most basic activity in human resource management.
Job analysis is the systematic collection of information about particular jobs.
Job analysis is, therefore, the building block upon which all selection processes are built.
Job applicants are readily available from local schools.
Job applicants can choose an entry to executive level position.
Job applicants can play a role that they can pull off for short periods of time.
Job applicants can post their resumes online, and employers can search the database.
Job applicants can search the ads, create their resume, and manage their professional career.
Job applicants cite scornful interviews.
Job applicants click here .
Job applicants hurt themselves if they come across as being defensive or angry.
Job applicants know what to expect from clear, written job descriptions.
Job applicants learn something new about themselves during every job interview.
Job applicants sign a consent form allowing for the background checks.
All job applicants go through the personnel division as part of the employment process.
Many job applicants are unsure of how and when to use references.
Many job applicants fail to follow up which is very important to say the least.
Many job applicants make careless spelling errors on online forms.
Most job applicants have butterflies.
Most job applicants understand that it is a business necessity in today's environment.
A job application is an application
Job applications are always welcome.
Job applications are an employer's first clue to the skill level of the applicant.
Job applications are applications.
Job applications are available at all pools.
Job applications are available for pickup at the school.
Job applications are available in the lobby of the administration building.
Job applications are located in movies.
Job applications are on file for a number of school districts and state and federal jobs.
Job applications remain in our active files for a period of six months.
Job applications yield good results.
Job banks offer an easy way to gain access to a wide range of employers.
Most job banks contain instructions for exploring their sites.
Job benefits can help.
Job benefits take center stage today.
Job boards are also available.
Job boards are available on each campus where basic position descriptions are posted.
Job boards are on all three campuses.
Job boards are one of the most popular and successful uses of the Internet today.
Job boards can be a big help.
Job boards differ by what sort of jobs they concentrate on publishing.
Every job board is different.
Many job boards are hot but produce very little value.
Most job boards offer a similar email job agent.
Job Bridge Specializes in career assessment, counseling and transition consulting.
Job candidates have experience.
Job candidates have significant experience.
Job candidates have significant work experience.
Job candidates have work experience.
Job change is pervasive and frequent .
Job changes are unlikely.
Job changes can only occur with the written authorization of the director of student employment.
Job changes require no tools or change parts.
Some job classes are open for application on a continuous basis.
Some job classes are open on a continuous basis.
Job control is a computer programme
Job control is basically an explicit exercise in using signals.
Job control is enabled.
Job control is one of the most important features in a batch scheduler.
Job control is programs.
Job control is similar to the same mechanism used so successfully on mainframes for many years.
Job control is supported with no extra effort.
Job creation can have a substantial impact on violent crime.
Job creation can only occur if taxes are reduced.
Job creation continues to increase here, and unemployment has remained low.
Job creation depends on sustainable growth.
Job creation depends to a high degree on creating the right economic environment.
Job creation entails some fixed costs, but existing jobs are subject to diminishing returns.
Job creation is a common benchmark used in economic development.
Job creation is a key sign that our economy is improving.
Job creation is a primary consideration.
Job creation is also another area where small business has changed the economic landscape.
Job creation is an important first step in making the state more livable.
Job creation is another key objective of the program.
Job creation is another key objective.
Job creation is critical for improvement in the quality of life and well-being of Pacific peoples.
Job creation is easy in economic development.
Job creation is expensive, but so is joblessness.
Job creation is hurt by the payroll tax.
Job creation is largely responsible for the state's housing crisis.
Job creation is minimal.
Job creation is often the outcome of successful business, rather than the driver.
Job creation is OK whenever first approved by investment bankers.
Job creation is on the upswing and the labor force is growing.
Job creation is one of the very few growth sectors within the modern UK economy.
Job creation is paramount.
Job creation is significantly better than the rate in Canada as a whole.
Job creation is stimulated when small businesses are launched in Southwest Virginia.
Job creation is the centerpiece of welfare reform.
Job creation is the government's primary goal.
Job creation is the key component of the program.
Job creation is the key criteria to be considered for a loan.
Job creation is the key.
Job creation is the most important statistic of all.
Job creation is up and unemployment down.
Job creation remains strong.
Job creation Setting up a job is an easy procedure, yet it is also very powerful.
Job creation slows.
All job creation requires the use of land.
Most job creation comes from the small, private business sector.
A job description is a description
Job description follows.
Job description includes answering telephones, filing documents, and data entry.
Job description includes cleaning homes and businesses in the area.
Job description includes passenger and cargo operations in the Upper Midwest.
Job description is attached.
Job description is available at the desk, and questions are encouraged at any time.
Job description is available HERE .
Job description is finalized and can be included here.
Job description is in place.
Job description is irrelevant.
Job description is on the Injury List Server.
Job description is pending.
Job description is provided by the department.
Job description is under review.
Job description listings out of control and quite excessive.
Job description requires extensive computer management capabilities in higher education.
Job description varies depending on the area of guitar production.
Job descriptions are a great management tool as well.
Job descriptions are about the most un-fun task a manager or human resources person ever has to do.
Job descriptions are also available for public review.
Job descriptions are also available on-line under the open position, on our current openings page.
Job descriptions are also available within the program.
Job descriptions are also helpful in understanding potiental job opportunities and required skills.
Job descriptions are an essential part of the people plan.
Job descriptions are available for each position.
Job descriptions are available for more detailed information about open positions.
Job descriptions are available for positions listed above.
Job descriptions are available for review at each hospital.
Job descriptions are available here , in French for now, English version coming soon.
Job descriptions are available in .PDF format.
Job descriptions are available in the church office.
Job descriptions are available on the web site.
Job descriptions are available to the committee members.
Job descriptions are available.
Job descriptions are below.
Job descriptions are big here.
Job descriptions are both generic and local.
Job descriptions are competency based.
Job descriptions are complete and give information on contacting the employer directly.
Job descriptions are comprehensive, and the copy is appropriate for the audience.
Job descriptions are consistent with the State system.
Job descriptions are descriptions.
Job descriptions are excellent communication instruments.
Job descriptions are far less flexible.
Job descriptions are helpful when recruiting, selecting and evaluating staff.
Job descriptions are helpful.
Job descriptions are history.
Job descriptions are important for a number of reasons.
Job descriptions are important to ensure that personnel hired meet the minimum qualifications.
Job descriptions are important.
Job descriptions are in flux.
Job descriptions are intentionally broad-based to allow for flexibility.
Job descriptions are key documents.
Job descriptions are lists of the general tasks, or functions, and responsibilities of a position.
Job descriptions are long, detailed and constraining.
Job descriptions are non-existent or overly vague.
Job descriptions are often some of the hardest things to understand in the high-tech field.
Job descriptions are on the web site.
Job descriptions are one way to clearly state tasks.
Job descriptions are online here .
Job descriptions are pacts.
Job descriptions are prepared months in advance.
Job descriptions are rather central to good staffing.
Job descriptions are subject to change without notice.
Job descriptions are the foundation of the performance evaluation of school district personnel.
Job descriptions are the most visible output from job analysis.
Job descriptions are unique to the organization in which the jobs are performed.
Job descriptions are useful for employee selection and for training.
Job descriptions become blurry as more hats are worn.
Job descriptions can also serve as relevant, objective criteria upon which to evaluate employees.
Job descriptions can be very useful in increasing the effectiveness of the committee.
Job descriptions can stave off legal troubles.
Job descriptions determine who is responsible for what with in a company.
Job descriptions differ with employers.
Job descriptions exist for all volunteer positions in the organization.
Job descriptions focus on the what, why, where and how of the job.
Job descriptions have a tendency to be confining.
Job descriptions have little or nothing to do with most jobs.
Job descriptions have many advantages for a company.
Job descriptions help employees understand the performance expectations of their job.
Job descriptions help management analyze and improve the company s structure.
Job descriptions help management analyze and improve the company's structure.
Job descriptions help the jobholder understand the responsibilities of the position.
Job descriptions indicate status as an exempt or non-exempt employee.
Job descriptions provide both.
Job descriptions result in objective criteria against which every applicant is evaluated against.
Job descriptions take time to write the first time, but with computers are very easy to update.
Job descriptions tend to be vague in some areas.
Job descriptions vary because of the specific needs of each community.
Job descriptions vary by job requirements.
Job descriptions vary from section to section.
Job descriptions vary, but opportunities abound.
Job descriptions vary.
All job descriptions are available for downloading.
All job descriptions are summaries only.
All job descriptions are summaries.
Many job descriptions fail to attract candidates because they contain too many responsibilities.
Most job descriptions leave a strong impression of the industry's schizophrenia between old and new.
Job design is also an important factor.
Job design varies widely across the university system.
Job designs are clear enough for market comparison and compliance requirements.
Job discrimination based on someone's disabilities is against the law.
Job dissatisfaction is caused by several factors.
Job dissatisfaction is the number one reason for unhappiness in the United States.
Job dissatisfaction occurs for any number of reasons.
Job enrichment has four major features.
Job enrichment increases the employee's authority, responsibility, and autonomy.
Job enrichment involves more autonomy and control for the worker.
Job enrichment is also yet another way to increase productivity.
Job enrichment is the deliberate enlargement of responsibility, scope and challenge.
Job enrichment leads to a win - win situation.
Job evaluation is at the heart of the comparable worth doctrine.
Job fairs are different.
Job fairs are employers' territory.
Job fairs are free to all Roosevelt students.
Job fairs are helpful for finding employment.
Job fairs are open to the public as well as our own students.
Job fairs are so popular because they work.
Job fairs are very useful.
Job fairs bring a variety of companies together that are currently hiring for positions.
Job fairs expose students to an array of jobs and career opportunities.
Job fairs offer the exceptional way to meet and interview companies.
Job fairs provide a forum for students and employers to meet and discuss employment opportunities.
Every job fair has potential jobs for all job seekers, regardless of major.
Some job fairs are industry specific and others are general.
Some job fairs focus on technical jobs, others on positions for minority candidates.
Job growth continues at a non-sustainable pace.
Job growth continues strong in the big services sector of the Evergreen State economy.
Job growth increases demand and prices.
Job growth increases tax revenue for local government.
Job growth is a second important aspect of cities growth and desirability.
Job growth is fastest in occupations requiring more education.
Job growth is on the rise, and experts predict a continued climb.
Job growth is one measure of the success of economic development efforts.
Job growth is particularly strong in construction and services.
Job growth is rapid.
Job growth is slower in rural America with unemployment and underemployment chronic problems.
Job growth is soaring, unemployment is at record lows and people are satisfied.
Job growth is sometimes under-reported.
Job growth is strong, even in some cases stronger than in the suburbs.
Job growth is strong.
Job growth is the biggest determinant of income growth in all regions examined.
Job growth is the chief determinant of civic stability.
Job growth is up from four years ago.
Job growth is up.
Job growth looks to be diminishing in Australia.
Job growth means the field is growing and new positions are being created.
Job growth occurs in tandem with residential development.
Job growth remains high, while unemployment and inflation are relatively low.
Job growth remains in the high single-digits.
Job growth remains mixed in New York, with upstate continuing to lag the New York City area.
Job growth requires workers.
Job growth slows during crises overseas.
Job growth stops.
Job growth translates into income, population, and household growth.
Most job growth is now in rural areas.
Most job growth is projected to occur in nonfarm, wage and salary jobs.
Job history is also available to assist in pricing similar projects.
Job history shows many jobs held for short periods of time.
Job hunts are human activities.
Job hunts are seekings.
Job hunting can be a long, trying process.
Job hunting can be a real chore.
Job hunting can be an exhausting, full-time endeavor in and of itself.
Job hunting can be stressful.
Job hunting can be very lonely.
Job hunting is a complex undertaking, affected by many variables, different for each person.
Job hunting is a difficult process.
Job hunting is a job in itself.
Job hunting is all about risks - but the bigger the risks the bigger the payoffs.
Job hunting is analogous to sales.
Job hunting is frustrating.
Job hunting is hard work.
Job hunting is inconvenient, difficult, time consuming, and no fun.
Job hunting is part statistics.
Job hunting is still the order of the day on the east coast.
Job hunting is stressful and lonely.
Job hunting is time consuming.
Job hunting is very competitive.
Job hunting requires self analysis and decision making.
Most job hunting appears to happen at work.
Job insecurities are defined as new reality.
Job insecurity compels individuals to continually reassess and re-invent themselves.
Job insecurity does have benefits for the employee, too.
Job insecurity is a major issue throughout the world at the moment.
Job insecurity is designed into the system to strop the competitive edge.
Job insecurity is directly proportional to the lack of skills.
Job insecurity is high here.
Job insecurity is the highest it has been in a long time.
Job instruction starts with answering two questions.
A job interview is an interview
Job interviews are interviewings.
Job interviews are interviews.
Job interviews are like beauty pageants.
Job interviews are negotiations.
Job interviews are perhaps the most daunting part of the job hunting process.
Job interviews are tough, although they do tend to get a little easier as time goes on.
Job interviews can be a trap.
Job interviews can be nerve-wracking experiences.
Any job interview is primarily a business meeting but also an interpersonal situation.
Most job interviews follow a fairly predictable outline.
Job loss brings emotional problems stemming from loss of support, self-esteem and identity.
Job loss can also lead to symptoms of depression.
Job loss can have financially devastating effects.
Job loss can provoke powerful emotions that are sometimes difficult to deal with.
Job loss is a common precipitator.
Job loss is a major transition in one's life.
Job loss is also a very personal experience which people handle in very individual ways.
Job loss is usually an involuntary and uncontrollable exit from the labor force.
Job loss ranks with death and divorce as one of life's most stressful events.
Job losses are always unwelcome.
Job losses are at their worst levels in more than eight years - with even more layoffs ahead.
Job losses are inevitable.
Job losses are likely to result from the restructuring.
Job losses are sector specific and have occurred primarily in tourism.
Job losses continue to occur as a result of privatisation and joint venture activities.
Job losses mount across industry from cars to banking.
Job losses mount while top union officials earn top salaries.
Job market bodes well for employees, challenge for employers.
Job market is fair to good.
Job markets are segmented structures.
Job markets fluctuate.
Job markets remain tight, for the most part.
Any job market is a competitive one to a degree.
Most job networks require little technological know-how and are very user friendly.
Job opens are job positions.
Job openings abound in many engineering fields.
Job openings are abundantly available in North Carolina.
Job openings are also currently free.
Job openings are available for office clerks, enumerators and supervisory personnel.
Job openings are available for office clerks, enumerators, and supervisory personnel.
Job openings are available, please visit our jobs page.
Job openings are e-mailed back.
Job openings are immediate, pay is attractive and advancement can be rapid.
Job openings are in Southern California and other locations.
Job openings are nationwide.
Job openings are normally open until filled.
Job openings are out there.
Job openings are posted in building, instructors call to give recommendations.
Job openings are rare for sales route driver positions.
Job openings are seasonal.
Job openings can fluctuate because the demand for cast products is sensitive to economic changes.
Job openings change daily.
Job openings change frequently so feel free to come back often to see what s new.
Job openings change frequently so feel free to visit our job openings page often to see what's new.
Job openings change frequently, so feel free to come back often to see what's new.
Job openings change from day to day.
Job openings exist across the country in both rural and metropolitan areas.
Job openings occur when someone vacates a position or when a new position is created.
Job openings provide information on the application requirements.
Job openings range from internships to senior level executive positions.
Job openings remain open until filled.
Job openings remain posted until filled.
Every job opening requires skills.
Many job openings appear as workers transfer to other occupations or retire.
Many job openings appear during the spring and summer, when the most construction work is done.
Many job openings are available now for all levels and experience backgrounds in CAD drafting.
Many job openings are in small and growing companies.
Most job openings are for replacement rather than expansion.
Most job openings are in larger cities where there are more hospitals.
Most job openings come from people retiring or moving to other fields.
Most job openings exist in the urbanized areas of California.
Some job openings accept number of months worked in a job.
Job opportunity depends on conditions.
Job opportunity depends on economic conditions.
Job opportunity depends on local economic conditions.
Job opportunity relates to professional skills.
Job opportunity relates to skills.
Job performance begins to drop off.
Job performance can easily deteriorate.
Job performance depends greatly on one's ability to cope.
Job performance goes down, mistakes go up.
Job performance is a passive reading.
Job performance is another area affected by poor sleep.
Job performance is evaluated by visual inspections for workmanship quality and functional operation.
Job performance is important, and our compensation program allows pay to be distibuted accordingly.
Job performance is important, and our compensation program allows pay to be distributed accordingly.
Job performance is irrelevant.
Job performance is measured and assessed during the performance appraisal process.
Job performance is poor.
Job performance is readily verifiable.
Job performance is reviewed on a periodic basis.
Job performance is reviewed while in progress and on the basis of results achieved.
Job performance is rewarded with a pay raise or promotion.
Job performance needs improvement.
Job performance remains the key factor for moving ahead or staying on the job.
Job performance suffers.
Job placement depends on interests and talents.
Job placement follows similar patterns.
Job placement is a dual responsibility of the adviser and postdoc.
Job placement is a free service and is available statewide.
Job placement is a high priority in our program.
Job placement is a technical operation.
Job placement is also available.
Job placement is an important part of our program.
Job placement is an integral part of the masonry program.
Job placement is based upon individual interest and availability.
Job placement is diversified.
Job placement is enhanced through contacts made in practicum and internship experiences.
Job placement is exceptional and career advancement is commonplace.
Job placement is good for the college s graduates.
Job placement is good with increased opportunities in tourism.
Job placement is great because construction is in a boom period.
Job placement is guaranteed.
Job placement is offered as an incentive for individuals to go to or return to the work force.
Job placement is offered.
Job placement is one of our highest priorities.
Job placement is one of the objectives of public training.
Job placement is provided to graduates of the program.
Job placement is provided.
Job placement is superb.
Job placement is the next step.
Job placement is the responsibility of the postdoc.
Job placement matches an individual's abilities with an appropriate job.
Job placement occurs prior to school exit.
Job placement speaks for itself.
Job placements take place during the job fair.
All job placements are with a university unit.
Many job placements are career related, offering both valuable experience and income to the student.
Job position involves working at heights and is very physical in nature.
Most job positions are subject to budget constraints or approvals.
Most job positions have strict deadlines for applicant submission.
Job profile varies from company to company and industry to industry.
Job promotions are fair and equitable.
Job queues can be of two kinds, symmetric or sequential.
Job rotation becomes an enriching reality.
Job rotation is common and business literacy training is done regularly.
Job rotation is one possible approach.
Job rotation is practiced widely to help people develop their potential in new areas.
Job rotation is the systematic shifting of employees from one job to another.
Job rotation is unsatisfactory as a motivating tool.
Job rotation moves workers from one job to another.
Job rotation requires workers to move between different tasks at fixed or irregular periods of time.
Job rotation takes a person from one job to another that had different physical requirements.
Job rotations work best if activities are coordinated within and across departments.
Job safety is the interest and responsibility of insurance, employers and worker associations.
Job safety is the responsibility of the employer and every employee.
Job satisfaction leads to less job turnover and increased productivity.
Job scams are on-line, too.
Job scheduling determines the order in which jobs are considered for processor allocation.
Job scheduling is a separate part of the production and traffic system.
Job search can be very isolating.
Job search contacts Information on contacts for job searching.
Job search is a full-time job that requires aggressive networking and diligence.
Job search is a game, complete with a defined set of rules.
Job search is a proactive game.
Job search is a process.
Job search is a rather complicated process for which basic computerization can assist.
Job search is a two-way street.
Job search requires the utmost in organization to be fully effective.
Job search starts with an effective resume.
Job searches are also available.
Job searches are available via fax and mail.
Job searches are cumbersome because of limits set on the search software.
Job searches are fast and easy.
Job searches are free, but employers pay according to how many sites their ads are posted on.
Job searches are harder for older workers.
Job searches are limited to predefined geographic locations and job headings.
Job searches can take several months.
Job searches take time and organization.
Any job search requires patience, perseverance and job leads.
Every job search is an emotional roller coaster.
Job security can be as powerful an incentive as money.
Job security goes out the window.
Job security improves respect in the workplace.
Job security increases health and well-being.
Job security is a dream from the past.
Job security is a joke.
Job security is a key factor in the job-search strategies of most employment seekers.
Job security is a no-no in the free market age.
Job security is a priority.
Job security is a serious concern.
Job security is a thing of the past in our present system.
Job security is a thing of the past.
Job security is about being able to find a job.
Job security is all but dead.
Job security is almost nonexistent.
Job security is also an issue.
Job security is also better than for most other career paths.
Job security is also more assured.
Job security is an illusion and corporate loyalty an oxymoron.
Job security is an issue, however, as companies merge and lay off workers.
Job security is an ongoing issue.
Job security is another issue.
Job security is another major concern.
Job security is another worry.
Job security is but a memory of past times.
Job security is currently a prominent labour market issue.
Job security is definitely a top priority for purchasers today.
Job security is desired.
Job security is excellent and working conditions are generally pleasant.
Job security is fairly high, since no one member has the power to unilaterally fire another.
Job security is for sure.
Job security is gone.
Job security is good.
Job security is in retreat.
Job security is less common, and more jobs are temporary without benefits.
Job security is less dependable than ever before, and the federal safety net has been scaled back.
Job security is more important than autonomy.
Job security is no greater there, but they thought through reward structures.
Job security is no longer a benefit offered in the work place.
Job security is no longer an expectation.
Job security is no longer even a consideration.
Job security is no longer something any employee can take for granted.
Job security is non-existent and hundreds of union activists have been sacked.
Job security is often none existent and workers change jobs frequently in today's HOT job market.
Job security is on the way out.
Job security is one area in which the demand for high-tech skills comes through loud and clear.
Job security is our most important product.
Job security is out.
Job security is temporary.
Job security is tenuous.
Job security is the most central economic issue for most people.
Job security is the top issue in the talks.
Job security is virtually unknown.
Job security means financial security, and the cycle goes on.
Job security means the family's livelihood.
Job security remains a high-priority issue in union negotiations.
Job security remains a key issue.
Job security remains an issue.
Job security threatens profits since workers with seniority get higher wages and more benefits.
Job shadows are an effective method of linking the relevance of education to future career success.
Job shadows are for youths interested in learning about a career in animal care.
Job sharing allows individuals to split the responsibilities and duties of one position.
Job sharing allows two employees to share one position.
Job sharing can be a perfect arrangement for business and worker alike.
Job sharing gives flexibility to workers and at the same time keep senior management happy.
Job sharing gives parents the chance to continue their careers while raising their families.
Job sharing is a form of part time work in which two individuals share a full time position.
Job sharing is a philosophical approach to work and life.
Job sharing is a preferred way of working.
Job sharing is a variation of flextime and has been used successfully in many organizations.
Job sharing is a voluntary program.
Job sharing is also a possibility.
Job sharing is also an option for districts.
Job sharing is an excellent way to accommodate the hectic schedules of many adults.
Job sharing is an option.
Job sharing is another popular alternative especially in the service sector.
Job sharing is available.
Job sharing is implemented by corporate America.
Job sharing is possible.
Job sharing is the ONLY part time employee option that gives the employer full time coverage.
Job sharing lets parents work part-time while their children are in school.
Job sharing means two people share the responsibilities, salary and benefits of one full-time job.
Job shops are different.
Job shops are examples of classical manufacturing systems .
Job shops are temporary help agencies that specialize in specific tasks.
Job shops can provide everyone from accountants to systems analysts, to engineers.
Job shops love that.
Job site is in Cambridge.
Job site is located beneath landing pattern of military air installation.
Job sites abound.
Job sites are one of the three.
Job sites are still the best dotcoms that are profitable and thrive.
Job sites are worldwide, and offer job-seekers a chance to travel abroad.
Job sites can be dangerous places.
Job sites provide access to job offerings and for submission of resumes.
Most job sites are free to job seekers.
Most job sites provide services by captivating user supplied data.
Some job sites require criminal background checks and some require motor vehicle records.
Job stress affects women and men differently.
Job stress can be both cause and effect of workplace violence and harassment.
Job stress can lead to poor health and even injury.
Job stress costs billions each year.
Job stress doubles risk of heart attack .
Job stress increases atherosclerosis .
Job stress is a major factor in the use of employee absenteeism.
Job stress is a national epidemic.
Job stress is a serious health hazard.
Job stress is a serious threat to employees health and productivity.
Job stress is different.
Job stress is greatest when demands are high and when control and decision authority are low.
Job stress is manifested by one or more of a host of physical and mental illnesses.
Job stress is now the highest on record.
Job stress is the degree to which employees experience stress as a result of their job.
Job stress occurs when there is a high level of job demands and little control over one's work.
Job stress seems to be another factor.
Job syndrome is a lifelong chronic condition.
Job title is show manager.
Job titles are increasingly less gear-like and more meaningless.
Job titles are often misleading.
Job titles can be misleading.
Job titles change from company to company.
Job titles change in an attempt to identify the work the person is doing.
Job titles change.
Job titles depend upon the type of work performed.
Job titles differ from industry to industry and company to company.
Job titles figure greatly in the salaries paid.
Job titles mean little during the game development process.
Job titles range from internships through senior executive.
Job titles range from technician and engineering technologist to engineer.
Job titles seem to make all the difference in how much IS managers earn.
Job titles vary according to the employment setting and kinds of clients being served.
Job titles vary between departments within the civil service.
Job titles vary depending on the employment setting and the kinds of individual who seek services.
Job titles vary from junior financial analyst to vice president of finance.
Job titles vary from organization to organization.
Job titles vary so keep an open mind when looking for vacancies.
Job titles vary.
All job titles are eligible.
Job turnover is greater, tenures are shorter, and regional mobility is significantly higher.
Job turnover is high because of low wages.
Job turnover is high because of the work is hard and the wages are low.
Job turnover is rampant in Iowa.
A job is an activity
Job advise at most appearance before record handball t-schirts.
Job alerts by e-mail.
Job applicants to undergo new saliva-based exam.
Job are from very short and easy to having fun on the steering commitee.
Job attributes describe various characteristics of the job.
Job aus dt.
Job avoids vengeance.
Job binding workers bind books produced in smaller quantities.
Job classifieds and more.
Job code no.
Job costing can go beyond numbers on paper.
Job demands close teamwork under time pressure.
Job demands for time and energy are great.
Job demands high literacy and communication skills, computer experience, and attention to detail.
Job details that the superior most dislikes.
Job entails compilation of daily deposits and sales reports.
Job entails light house keeping, medical reminders, companionship, run errands and cooking.
Job entails set-up, service and break down of banquets.
Job estimates more accurate with less unbillable hours.
Job finding takes time.
Job hopping, and the theft of trade secrets, in some ways hurt high-tech companies.
Job hosting is available at a modest cost.
Job hunting alone is difficult and for many, a frustrating, lonely and slow process.
Job hunting from afar can be a tricky proposition.
Job hunting in Russia CVs are normally handwritten and very detailed.
Job hunting in the IT industry can be a strange experience.
Job hunting in the U.S. can be very discouraging for a foreigner.
Job hunting involves taking repeated risks and facing rejections.
Job hunting is challenging, so learn the process.
Job hunting is often harder work than a job.
Job hunting resources on the Internet are abundant.
Job hunting takes time and energy.
Job hunting takes time.
Job hunting website allows users to search for open positions and post their resume online.
Job interviewing alone is unreliable in today s market.
Job interviewing is a unique experience.
Job isa activity.
Job leads and referrals.
Job listing distributors aggregate job listings from many sources.
Job listings employer directories plus free discrete resume building and posting service.
Job listings in a variety of sectors in Australia.
Job listings in primarily southern and midwestern states.
Job listings largely for academe and university administration.
Job listings mainly in the United Kingdom, but also worldwide.
Job listings nationwide.
Job listings on-line.
Job listings only for entry-level positions.
Job listings specifically for liberal arts graduates are available.
Job listings state by state, all levels.
Job listings with a New England emphasis for a variety of fields.
Job listings with job descriptions.
Job listings with subscription.
Job listings with the words vice president together.
Job lists from the largest federal departments have yet to be released.
Job lists worldwide in all fields.
Job look at Australia.
Job numbering setup is easier to use and understand.
Job offer open to all applicants from the Middle East and the Asian continent only.
Job offer open to all nationalities.
Job opportunites always available.
Job opportunites for the visually impaired.
Job opportunities major draw.
Job pictures such a person.
Job posting and search is free.
Job posting are direct from the employers.
Job posting are free.
Job posting are updated weekly.
Job posting information is made available to everyone visiting the web site.
Job posting is a free service.
Job posting is a pay service.
Job posting is available for a fee.
Job posting is easy.
Job posting is free.
Job posting is updated.
Job posting Position announcements are e-mailed weekly to students.
Job posting service is for registered members only.
Job recruiting at an IEEE standards meeting is inappropriate and discouraged.
Job refuse the flirtatious advances of a merchant woman.
Job requests through the preliminary investigation.
Job requirements checklist For assistance on downloading a file, click here .
Job sare available based on previous experience and training.
Job screening and other requirements exist.
Job searches for high technology positions only.
Job searches from newspapers and leading companies.
Job searches online.
Job searching can be an exhilarating exercise in reinventing the future.
Job searching can be quite an emotional roller coaster.
Job searching can be tedious.
Job searching can be time-consuming and costly for both the employer and employee.
Job seeking is stressful.
Job set-up is exceptionally fast, easy and essentially automatic.
Job shadowing can be as short as a morning to as long as two days.
Job sharing agreements can vary considerably from place to place.
Job sharing among professors is still a fairly rare occurrence nationwide.
Job sharing, however, is usually a long shot.
Job skills analysis and retraining programs.
Job starts as soon as possible.
Job starts immediately, hours flexible.
Job starts immediately.
Job streaming is a good candidate.
Job swapping for defined periods of time is one strategy.
Job targeting is an essential part of a successful job search.
Job templates further increase throughput of common documents.
Job trust little shooting jackets until shops.
Job vacancies across all levels and industries.
Job vacancies too.
Jobs abound in the areas of computer programming, accountancy, public relations and nursing.
Jobs advertised are for both short and long term placements.
Jobs advertised in newsgroups tend to be dominated by positions in the high-tech industry.
Jobs advertised include graduate and trainee programs.
Jobs affect our lives, our families, and especially our children.
Jobs affect the poverty rate and the poverty rate is related to crime.
Jobs allow families to exist and families are what societies are made of.
Jobs also appear on the national master site American Preferred Jobs for no charge.
Jobs also are available in non-library settings.
Jobs also are on the line.
Jobs also are plentiful for students majoring in human nutrition and food science.
Jobs also depart on-line.
Jobs also depend upon both domestic and foreign investment.
Jobs also does coke and drops acid.
Jobs also exist in companies involved in developing recycled products.
Jobs also require a certain number of friends to receive a promotion .
Jobs also require a certain number of friends to receive a promotion.
Jobs appear instantly online upon completion of our job posting form.
Jobs appear on their web site, as well as in a print periodical published twice a month.
Jobs appear visually by order of appearence within the actual text log file.
Jobs Apply online for a job at the library.
Jobs are a big concern.
Jobs are a big subject on their mind, as is crime and drugs.
Jobs are a byproduct of successful enterprise.
Jobs are a combination of local and national presence.
Jobs are a fragile commodity there.
Jobs are a kind of currency.
Jobs are a major reason for Congressional enthusiasm for high military spending.
Jobs are a minimum of four hours and generally no longer than a few days.
Jobs are a particular concern on many reservations.
Jobs are absolutely key.
Jobs are abundant and posted daily.
Jobs are abundant and the field is growing.
Jobs are abundant in the field of sales.
Jobs are abundant just about everywhere in our current robust economy.
Jobs are abundant today for radiologic science professionals.
Jobs are abundant, with new postings daily.
Jobs are all on-campus.
Jobs are also available during the summer terms.
Jobs are also available in courthouses and legal departments of many corporations.
Jobs are also available in hospitals, nursing homes, and other health care facilities.
Jobs are also available in Ontario government ministries and agencies.
Jobs are also available in the community.
Jobs are also available in the companies that build amusement rides and attractions.
Jobs are also available in zoological parks for animal caretakers, managers, and veterinarians.
Jobs are also available with private industry, such as with environmental consulting.
Jobs are always available.
Jobs are always readily available to well-prepared graduates.
Jobs are an issue.
Jobs are another contention.
Jobs are another measure of people at work.
Jobs are applications.
Jobs are as scarce as the water.
Jobs are at an all time high.
Jobs are at stake.
Jobs are atomic.
Jobs are automatically uploaded and removed after two months.
Jobs are available all the time.
Jobs are available all year long, but the best time to look is usually in the Spring.
Jobs are available and employees are able to choose among good jobs.
Jobs are available at a variety of levels and some internships are included.
Jobs are available at both of their Californian branches.
Jobs are available at every level, including international, and the jobs are searchable by region.
Jobs are available both on and off campus.
Jobs are available both on and off-campus and includes community service work.
Jobs are available both on and off-campus.
Jobs are available both on campus and in approved nonprofit organizations off campus.
Jobs are available both on campus and in the local communities.
Jobs are available both on campus and in the local community.
Jobs are available for all students.
Jobs are available for all well-prepared graduates.
Jobs are available for competent candidates.
Jobs are available for entry-level and experienced technicians and support personnel.
Jobs are available for overseas trained graduates, but competition is very high.
Jobs are available in a variety of academic and non-academic departments.
Jobs are available in a wide range of different fields.
Jobs are available in all areas of special education.
Jobs are available in almost every imaginable industry.
Jobs are available in almost every locale, rural as well as urban.
Jobs are available in both basic and applied biology.
Jobs are available in both the public and private sectors.
Jobs are available in DC, California, Texas, Florida, and other locations.
Jobs are available in many administrative and academic departments.
Jobs are available in many businesses, industries, governmental agencies, and professional offices.
Jobs are available in many states, but are usually found in areas with high human populations.
Jobs are available in Montana.
Jobs are available in most areas Advertising agencies are predominantly based in the South East.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in all towns and cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most areas but mainly in large conurbations.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most areas throughout the country.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most areas.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most cities and towns, wherever there are hospitals.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most large towns and cities - England and Wales only.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most large towns and cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most large towns, cities and rural areas.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most towns and cities throughout the country.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in most towns and cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Available in towns and cities throughout England and Wales.
Jobs are available in most areas Available mostly in close proximity to areas of high population.
Jobs are available in most areas Can set up practice virtually anywhere.
Jobs are available in most areas During recessions, competition for jobs can be intense.
Jobs are available in most areas Every local authority employs planners.
Jobs are available in most areas Firms are situated all over Britain.
Jobs are available in most areas Greater availability in metropolitan areas.
Jobs are available in most areas Heavier concentration in south east.
Jobs are available in most areas Large consultancies tend to be in the south and larger cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Lifestyle implications Can be emotionally stressful.
Jobs are available in most areas Most authorities throughout the UK have now established posts.
Jobs are available in most areas Most full-time firefighters are employed in urban areas.
Jobs are available in most areas Most opportunities are in cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Most opportunities are in metropolitan districts.
Jobs are available in most areas Most opportunities exist in large towns or cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Most opportunities exist in towns and cities nationwide.
Jobs are available in most areas Most opportunities occur in towns or city centres.
Jobs are available in most areas Most posts are available in centres of population.
Jobs are available in most areas Mostly in larger towns and cities and some out of town locations.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities arise nationwide.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities available in most areas of the country.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist in most areas nationally.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist in most large centres.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist in most large towns and cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist in most large towns, cities and rural areas.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist in most towns and cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist in or near urban areas throughout the country.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist in towns and cities throughout the country.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist throughout the country in urban areas.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist throughout the UK and abroad.
Jobs are available in most areas Opportunities exist throughout the UK and overseas.
Jobs are available in most areas Predominance of specialist consultancies in the South East.
Jobs are available in most areas Primarily towns and cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Proximity to a city is an advantage unless one uses an agent.
Jobs are available in most areas Studios can be established in most areas.
Jobs are available in most areas There are scattered vacancies across most major cities.
Jobs are available in most areas Water engineers work throughout the UK and abroad.
Jobs are available in most areas Work abroad available, especially in Gulf states.
Jobs are available in most areas.
Jobs are available in most of the administrative and academic departments.
Jobs are available in most states.
Jobs are available in physicians' offices, health-clinics and other health care settings.
Jobs are available in private practice, nursing, and sales representatives all over with decent pay.
Jobs are available in recruiting, sales, marketing and other areas.
Jobs are available in research labs each term.
Jobs are available in Spokane as well as across our region and nation.
Jobs are available in the Blacksburg area for the spouses of graduate students.
Jobs are available in university offices, the library, and various departments.
Jobs are available locally, regionally, nationally, and internationally.
Jobs are available locally, statewide, nationally or internationally.
Jobs are available nationwide and throughout the world.
Jobs are available nationwide.
Jobs are available on a first come first serve basis.
Jobs are available on a part-time basis.
Jobs are available on and off campus.
Jobs are available on campus and in the local community.
Jobs are available on campus through a work-study program.
Jobs are available on campus.
Jobs are available on local or worldwide basis.
Jobs are available on or off campus.
Jobs are available on-campus and off campus, with emphasis being placed on community service.
Jobs are available on-campus.
Jobs are available regularly at one of the halls.
Jobs are available right now, and training is available.
Jobs are available through private companies, as well as with government agencies.
Jobs are available throughout British Columbia, with more opportunities in larger centres.
Jobs are available throughout the country but most librarians work in cities and towns.
Jobs are available to a select group of students and adults.
Jobs are available to both undergraduate and graduate students.
Jobs are available to fit nearly every student class schedule.
Jobs are available to students on a part-time basis.
Jobs are available to students with or without work-study eligibility.
Jobs are available today in physician offices, medical billing contractors, hospitals and clinics.
Jobs are available, both for post-docs and on the tenure track.
Jobs are available.
Jobs Are Best For Telecommuting.
Jobs are books.
Jobs are browsable by position title, posting date, geographic location, and employer.
Jobs are but one segment of local development.
Jobs are by place of work.
Jobs are career-oriented in nature.
Jobs are common, often repetitive , and have limited potential.
Jobs are common, often repetitive, and have limited potential.
Jobs are contingent upon passing post-offer physical and drug screen.
Jobs are countable items that are specific instances of the general idea of work .
Jobs are cross posted to major job sites and legal specific partner sites.
Jobs are cross-posted to other sites.
Jobs are dependent on the mission needs of the organization.
Jobs are different now, and require a lot of different kinds of skills.
Jobs are different.
Jobs are difficult to come by, offer little security, and little promise.
Jobs are difficult to get, but there are some.
Jobs are duties.
Jobs are dynamic and constantly undergoing change.
Jobs are easier because there is no cable to become entangled or damaged.
Jobs are easier because there is no cable to damage.
Jobs are easier to find than loving partners and good relationships.
Jobs are easier to get in small towns and rural areas.
Jobs are easily available on campus.
Jobs are easy to find for pharmacology majors because of their specific knowledge.
Jobs are easy to locate since the work is in high demand.
Jobs are either open for bidding or posted at a fixed price.
Jobs are everywhere, inflation is dead, and the deficit has vanished.
Jobs are everywhere.
Jobs are extremely scarce.
Jobs are fairly easy to come by.
Jobs are far more crucial than the stock market, since they are the prime source of income.
Jobs are far more plentiful off the field than on.
Jobs are few and far between, and candidates from the Muslim majority usually get preference.
Jobs are few, job-training programs fewer.
Jobs are flexible and linked to majors.
Jobs are for all over the world.
Jobs are for clock-watchers.
Jobs are for English-speaking doctors, nurses, dentists, pharmacists, and administrators.
Jobs are free to browse and f ree to post.
Jobs are free to post and to view.
Jobs are free to post and view.
Jobs are free to read anD post.
Jobs are from around the U.S. with a Midwest focus.
Jobs are fun for the whole family.
Jobs are funny things.
Jobs are generally one of the first targets in the recession firing line.
Jobs are generally scarce, but there are many training programs with varied choices of career moves.
Jobs are good.
Jobs are hard to come by on base.
Jobs are hard to come by.
Jobs are hard to find around here.
Jobs are hard to find, and most work places remain open on Sabbath.
Jobs are hard to find, even for people without criminal records.
Jobs are hard to find.
Jobs are hard to get.
Jobs are highly over rated.
Jobs are important and the government is committed to fostering that growth.
Jobs are important to people's feelings of self-worth.
Jobs are important.
Jobs are in advocacy organizations and community health centers.
Jobs are in all degree fields.
Jobs are in an institutional setting.
Jobs are in government, service organizations and counseling agencies.
Jobs are in jeopardy.
Jobs are in short supply with no relief in sight.
Jobs are in state and federal government and industry.
Jobs are in the Milwaukee, Wisconsin and surrounding area.
Jobs are increasingly dead- end.
Jobs are increasingly technical and professional.
Jobs are instantly searchable from a variety of sources.
Jobs are just different.
Jobs are less structured.
Jobs are likely to become better paying and more flexible.
Jobs are likely to depend on knowing the languages currently in fashion.
Jobs are limited and do fill quickly.
Jobs are limited and highly competitive.
Jobs are limited and provide no more than spending money.
Jobs are limited, and do fill quickly.
Jobs are limited.
Jobs are Live-In.
Jobs are long term.
Jobs are lost, relationships end, accident and incidents occur.
Jobs are mainly in boat-based fishing, which includes fishers and fish process workers.
Jobs are merely shift from local businesses to the giant retailer.
Jobs are more and more readily moved to cheaper labor markets.
Jobs are more difficult to find.
Jobs are more plentiful in suburban areas nationwide, and Detroit is no exception.
Jobs are more plentiful in the spring and summer months as companies hire additional employees.
Jobs are more valuable when they have to be earned.
Jobs are most plentiful in large cities and resort areas.
Jobs are most plentiful in large metropolitan areas, and PTAs are in demand in rural areas as well.
Jobs are mostly local.
Jobs are mostly with smaller, start-up, or creative companies.
Jobs are much more focused now.
Jobs are much more plentiful in computer programming and accounting.
Jobs are national and international.
Jobs are necessary to support independence in adulthood.
Jobs are news.
Jobs are no longer around the corner.
Jobs are no longer even advertised as offering security.
Jobs are no longer hard to find, in most areas, for people with any skills.
Jobs are no longer socially adaptive.
Jobs are of the technical, skilled, semiskilled, and service levels.
Jobs are off campus.
Jobs are often of limited duration and workers remain with the same employer for a shorter time.
Jobs are often unstable and out of our control.
Jobs are on a sub contracted basis unless otherwise specified.
Jobs are on the line here.
Jobs are on the line.
Jobs are on the low-tech end.
Jobs are only available in restricted locations Most opportunities are in London.
Jobs are only going to Canada, say studio unions.
Jobs are open for evaluation.
Jobs are open in all parts of the United States.
Jobs are open simultaneously to county employees and the general public.
Jobs are open to graduates in a variety of law enforcement agencies.
Jobs are open to graduates in adult and juvenile correctional facilities.
Jobs are open to job-share unless otherwise stated.
Jobs are open to politicians' families and friends.
Jobs are our number one priority.
Jobs are out there.
Jobs are part of the answer.
Jobs are part-time and typically on campus.
Jobs are part-time.
Jobs are people.
Jobs are pleantiful for computer jocks.
Jobs are plentiful and the economy is good.
Jobs are plentiful and wages are rising.
Jobs are plentiful and, in general, students are keen to learn English.
Jobs are plentiful but housing is expensive and scarce, and rapidly getting more so.
Jobs are plentiful but talent is short.
Jobs are plentiful for candidates with degrees in hotel or restaurant management.
Jobs are plentiful here.
Jobs are plentiful in the beef-packing industry.
Jobs are plentiful nation wide with growing demands in all fields of Sonography.
Jobs are plentiful Think lemonade stands and lawn mowing.
Jobs are plentiful throughout the United States.
Jobs are plentiful, and incomes are rising.
Jobs are plentiful, but less secure.
Jobs are plentiful, but living space is limited and expensive.
Jobs are plentiful, but wages are low.
Jobs are plentiful, the economy is booming, and inflation is almost nonexistent.
Jobs are plentiful.
Jobs are positions posted by the agencies of the aging network.
Jobs are posted immediately upon receipt, so please check back often.
Jobs are precious.
Jobs are predominantly in industry and services rather than agriculture.
Jobs are primarily California based.
Jobs are primarily entry level and require little or no experience and little formal education.
Jobs are primarily in Pennsylvania.
Jobs are primarily in the public and nonprofit sectors.
Jobs are primarily in the State of California.
Jobs are primarily in the UK and an international selection.
Jobs are print requests.
Jobs are products.
Jobs are quite widely available A number of locations in the UK and abroad.
Jobs are quite widely available All over the country, particularly in cities and large towns.
Jobs are quite widely available But more concentrated in London.
Jobs are quite widely available Clearing banks in all regional centres.
Jobs are quite widely available Low demand can restrict the choice of location.
Jobs are quite widely available Mainly in large towns and cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Major museums are found in larger cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Many consultants work from a home base.
Jobs are quite widely available Most likely to be in large centres of industrial activity.
Jobs are quite widely available Most opportunities are in industrial areas.
Jobs are quite widely available Most opportunities arise in London and the major cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Most opportunities exist in large towns and cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Most opportunities exist in towns and cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Most opportunities occur in the larger urban areas.
Jobs are quite widely available Occasional vacancies in most major cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Opportunities usually exist in larger towns and cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Tend to be in cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Translation agencies operate in most major cities.
Jobs are quite widely available Work available in urban and rural areas.
Jobs are ranked on a scale from highest to lowest based on the value of the job to the organization.
Jobs are readily available within one-hour commuting time.
Jobs are really difficult and people want somebody who can read and write.
Jobs are really just a collection of tasks.
Jobs are relationships.
Jobs are relatively easy to find, and the prospects are good for one's talents to be fully utilized.
Jobs are relatively few, competition is fierce and prospects for career progression are limited.
Jobs are restricted locations Almost all the opportunities are in London.
Jobs are restricted locations Located at specific holiday resorts.
Jobs are restricted locations London and South East bias.
Jobs are restricted locations Mainly in major cities and near air and sea ports.
Jobs are restricted locations Mainly in pharmaceutical companies, so work tends to be localised.
Jobs are restricted locations Most are based in Edinburgh.
Jobs are restricted locations Most opportunities are in London or other major cities.
Jobs are restricted locations Most opportunities are in London.
Jobs are restricted locations Most opportunities are in or around London or Aberdeen.
Jobs are restricted locations Most opportunities are with North Sea oil rigs.
Jobs are restricted locations Most opportunities arise in London and in other major cities.
Jobs are restricted locations Most opportunities arise in London.
Jobs are restricted locations Most production companies are in large cities.
Jobs are restricted locations Most senior grade posts are in London.
Jobs are restricted locations Mostly in London, some in Brussels.
Jobs are restricted locations Officers work at ports and airports.
Jobs are restricted locations Opportunities exist in London and major regional television centres.
Jobs are restricted locations Primarily in Brussels and Luxembourg.
Jobs are restricted locations Restricted to a few specialist organisations.
Jobs are resume builders.
Jobs are RIPped to single files and proxy files are created for use in the imposition layout client.
Jobs are saved, capital is utilised better, and the entire system works more efficiently.
Jobs are scarce and life is cruel.
Jobs are scarce and many people struggle hard to survive.
Jobs are scarce and seasonal.
Jobs are scarce and tenuous.
Jobs are scarce and the economy is stagnating.
Jobs are scarce and the elderly are forced to look for food in garbage bins.
Jobs are scarce and the field is overcrowded.
Jobs are scarce and the life is cruel.
Jobs are scarce everywhere.
Jobs are scarce for all age groups.
Jobs are scarce here but the do come up every once in a while.
Jobs are scarce here.
Jobs are scarce today in the professional theatre and teaching.
Jobs are scarce, and are usually part-time in nature.
Jobs are scarce, and interactive agencies are cutting back on their staff.
Jobs are scarce, and many jobs that are available pay less than a dollar a day.
Jobs are scarce, and the jobs that are available are apt to pay minimum wage only.
Jobs are scarce, incomes are low and public health is often at risk.
Jobs are scarce.
Jobs are schedules by the in-house coordinators.
Jobs are searchable by area of practice, years of experience or geographic location.
Jobs are searchable by city, state, casino name, and job title.
Jobs are searchable by country.
Jobs are searchable by keyword and location or users can browse the listings by category.
Jobs are searchable by specialty and regions.
Jobs are searchable by state and by industry.
Jobs are searchable by state and keywords.
Jobs are seasonal, insecure, and pay is enough for subsistence only.
Jobs are setup with a specific markup per cost type.
Jobs are similar to the ones previously listed.
Jobs are simple, but important.
Jobs are simply task sequences, invoked daily, weekly, monthly, or every N days.
Jobs are so plentiful, and people can move around.
Jobs are specialized and repetitive.
Jobs are specific positions in specific establishments in which workers perform specific duties.
Jobs are spotty, working a few weeks at a time here and there in a breakfast house kitchen.
Jobs are still abundant, but the manufacturing sector continues to feel pain.
Jobs are still out there.
Jobs are still plentiful, but less exciting.
Jobs are still plentiful, but the pace of job creation is down.
Jobs are still plentiful.
Jobs are subject to close without notice.
Jobs are technical, administrative, and clerical in nature.
Jobs are the answer, from every shade of politics.
Jobs are the attraction.
Jobs are the best answer to most of our social ills.
Jobs are the best answer to poverty.
Jobs are the key.
Jobs are the lifeblood of worker well-being.
Jobs are the non-negligible basis of doing interesting things.
Jobs are the number of jobs in the region supported by the visitor spending.
Jobs are the primary issue in both negotiations.
Jobs are the pulse of a thriving region.
Jobs are then available on the Internet for public access .
Jobs are to be found as game rangers, gatekeepers, tour guides and drivers.
Jobs are too important to be left in the hands of independent business people.
Jobs are too scarce for workers to afford a rejectionist stance.
Jobs are too scarce.
Jobs are typically in Asia or Eastern Europe.
Jobs are typically part-time.
Jobs are up, and so are adoptions.
Jobs are up, but so are adoptions.
Jobs are up, though our unemployment rate is still three points higher than the national average.
Jobs are up.
Jobs are updated weekly.
Jobs are uploaded onto the database daily.
Jobs are usually a half hour or less per day, every day, and the same job all week.
Jobs are usually available at any time of the year.
Jobs are usually available for all semesters.
Jobs are usually available throughout the year.
Jobs are usually on campus and sometimes related to career goals or fields of study.
Jobs are usually on campus and the salary is used to pay for tuition or other expenses.
Jobs are very difficult to come by and are very demanding.
Jobs are very easy to save.
Jobs are very hard to get and without proper knowledge of English it is almost impossible.
Jobs are very much a part of many people's lives.
Jobs are very plentiful and technicians are in demand.
Jobs are very sacred.
Jobs are very scarce.
Jobs are virtually nonexistent.
Jobs are visible to candidates immediately upon being entered.
Jobs are what it's about jobs.
Jobs are what it's all about.
Jobs are what they worry about.
Jobs are whole.
Jobs are with Ontario government ministries and agencies, as well as community groups.
Jobs are work.
Jobs are workplaces.
Jobs are, in socio-economic terms, the major means of income distribution.
Jobs arrive over time to be scheduled on a single machine.
Jobs associated with post-consumer recycling are true economic development.
Jobs Attend an orientation explaining the campus interview program.
Jobs attract workers and families.
Jobs attract workers, and workers have to live somewhere.
Jobs base on experience.
Jobs become multi-dimensional.
Jobs become quicker to complete and easier to manage.
Jobs begin at the hatcheries.
Jobs begin to open up as people once again begin to consume.
Jobs boost as new store opens Links to more Northern Ireland stories are at the foot of the page.
Jobs boost as sun gets final go-ahead for expansion.
Jobs bring people.
Jobs brings back home is worthy of celebration, but there's more to it than that.
Jobs can be an advantage or disadvantage.
Jobs can be batch or print jobs.
Jobs can be color-coded according to age.
Jobs can be difficult to come by and the language and cultural barriers take time to overcome.
Jobs can be difficult to come by, especially in the fast-growing cities in Africa and Latin America.
Jobs can be either jobs or projects depending on the type of business.
Jobs can be greedy and generous.
Jobs can be in design, development and research in public institutions and industry.
Jobs can be insecure.
Jobs can be interactive or batch.
Jobs can be of any size or length and can be from any location in the world.
Jobs can be on campus or off campus for a nonprofit community service agency.
Jobs can be professional, technical, blue collar, management, clerical, and more.
Jobs can be tricky to come by for spouses, but they are out there.
Jobs can be uploaded same day for new companies.
Jobs can come in by the dozen per day and comprise a few job items per job.
Jobs can either be in the foreground or in the background .
Jobs can give the people the respect they ask for.
Jobs can include wood procurement, landowner assistance, and land management.
Jobs can range from babysitting to yard work to computer programming.
Jobs can remain online for weeks, even months.
Jobs can savor the revenge of living well.
Jobs can support one or more dependencies and the dependencies themselves can be conditional.
Jobs can teach kids to be responsible and to enjoy earning and saving money.
Jobs can vary from doing farm or ranch work to working at one of the businesses in town.
Jobs can vary from working on brakes to doing an engine overhaul.
Jobs can vary greatly.
Jobs cause stress.
Jobs certainly knows how to keep a tight lid on unannounced products.
Jobs change from simple tasks to multidimensional work.
Jobs come and go, but friends and family are for a lifetime.
Jobs come and go, but life happens every day.
Jobs come and go.
Jobs come from executive recruiters and employers directly.
Jobs Come learn about people who work with rocks.
Jobs continue to be available throughout the United States.
Jobs continue to be numerous when building activity is brisk.
Jobs continue to decline today, but at a pace of a few thousand per year.
Jobs continue to grow at an impressive rate.
Jobs continue to migrate.
Jobs contribute to performance.
Jobs cover a broad spectrum of levels, but many are at the repair technician level or similar.
Jobs cover a range of opportunities, with many choices of schedules.
Jobs cover all interests, ages, and skill-levels.
Jobs cover many industries.
Jobs create incomes which are needed to form staple family units.
Jobs created by coal are only a small part of the industry s contribution to the Canadian economy.
Jobs demand cognitive skills.
Jobs demand skills.
Jobs depend on good transportation.
Jobs depend on states.
Jobs develop and grow where businesses are born and nurtured.
Jobs differ in the extent to which people work independently or as a part of a team.
Jobs differ in the extent to which unexpected changes can disrupt daily responsibilities.
Jobs disappear in one sector and are displaced into another, and the workforce has to follow.
Jobs disappear when local businesses have to close.
Jobs do exist.
Jobs do give self-esteem in many cases and that is good.
Jobs do too.
Jobs draw people.
Jobs emerge everyday for spirited candidates who share the same core values.
Jobs emphasizing animals attract such people.
Jobs even exist in the high-tech industries driving the information economy.
Jobs exist because an organization needs something done.
Jobs exist for entry level as well as experienced social workers.
Jobs exist in both college and university settings.
Jobs exist in epidemiology, toxicology, industrial hygiene and other public health disciplines.
Jobs exist in research in universities and government establishments, both in Britain and abroad.
Jobs exist in schools, government agencies, associations and business.
Jobs exist in the civil service, the intelligence community, the military, and the foreign service.
Jobs exist with both city agencies and private tree-care companies.
Jobs expose workers.
Jobs filled by anthropology majors include researchers, evaluators, and administrators.
Jobs Find a great job with a local company.
Jobs Find a green career here.
Jobs Find a new job through the online listing of positions available.
Jobs Find a new job, read about career choices, locate an agency and browse hiring companies.
Jobs Find a Web Host .BIZ and .INFO Reg.
Jobs Find jobs at summer camps.
Jobs Find Jobs Find jobs.
Jobs Find out how our site works.
Jobs Find out more about the best of breed in the outdoor tap industry.
Jobs Find Teacher jobs , career fairs , and links to thousands of companies .
Jobs fly fast and furious.
Jobs fuel our economy, revitalize our communities and improve our quality of life.
Jobs generally focus on some aspect of the development and implementation of information systems.
Jobs generally involve working with information, people, or things.
Jobs go from bad to worse following a firing.
Jobs go in aus.ads.jobs .
Jobs go in aus.ads.jobs.
Jobs go into the state deferred for a number of reasons.
Jobs go over budget, deliverables arrive late and deals abruptly change or are cancelled.
Jobs go to people for a variety of different reasons.
Jobs go to the persistent students.
Jobs go unfilled.
Jobs have a flat rate fee, and the composer is responsible for accommodating changes.
Jobs have a priority.
Jobs have components.
Jobs have different profitability.
Jobs have different requirements.
Jobs have no placement dates.
Jobs have potential.
Jobs have requirements.
Jobs have titles.
Jobs have to be found, and kept.
Jobs having a high calorie expenditure often involve carrying a heavy load at slow speed.
Jobs help teens experiment with different career choices and teach responsibility.
Jobs here are an endangered species.
Jobs impose general and specific performance demands on an job holders.
Jobs increases likely in private sector.
Jobs increasingly require high-tech skills.
Jobs involve assisting in the field, greenhouse, and laboratory.
Jobs involve assisting researchers in the field, greenhouse, and laboratories.
Jobs involve many more responsibility.
Jobs involve reaching and standing for long periods.
Jobs involve responsibility.
Jobs involve services.
Jobs involving custodial, maintenance and gate work are available.
Jobs involving frequent travel, such as sales representative, are also likely candidates.
Jobs just sit there pending.
Jobs keep people living in and support our small towns.
Jobs lead a hardware revolution by reducing the size of computers to small boxes.
Jobs link above and search our current listing of job opportunities in Orange County, California.
Jobs listed are in various industries and fields.
Jobs listed are on the actual employer's career page.
Jobs listed at agencies can include technical, specialist, medical, and professional fields.
Jobs listed here can include technical, specialist, medical, and professional fields.
Jobs listed in grey are available at the branch locations listed.
Jobs listed include both static, regular orders and temporary jobs created from web orders.
Jobs lists job links for each county.
Jobs Look for a new job or post an opening or availability.
Jobs looking for an interesting career, check the here.
Jobs make friends for mountaintop mining.
Jobs make people tired.
Jobs mean food, housing, educational opportunities, and medical attention.
Jobs mean freedom.
Jobs migrate to where labour is cheapest and environmental standards are lowest.
Jobs mostly focus on software engineering positions in biotech companies.
Jobs move away.
Jobs nonetheless beckon computer-information grads.
Jobs now require more skill, training, and experience.
Jobs offer applications.
Jobs offer full benefits and an opportunity to do some groundbreaking work.
Jobs offer top benefits and great work environment.
Jobs once held by secretaries now demand the skills of a complete office professional.
Jobs only run overnight and weekends.
Jobs only stay in the database for two weeks, so be sure to visit frequently.
Jobs open up at various times throughout the year.
Jobs open up year-round.
Jobs pay about the same.
Jobs pay at least minimum wage.
Jobs pay for cars, insurance, cell phones, and clothes.
Jobs pay minimum wage or more.
Jobs paying a living wage are also key to keeping people off public assistance.
Jobs pop up where there's change.
Jobs producing CFCs are off into the stratosphere.
Jobs provide a person with a good sense of self worth and a good job with the state help many.
Jobs provide great opportunity.
Jobs provide growth.
Jobs provide individuals with constant recognition.
Jobs provide more than wages.
Jobs provide opportunity.
Jobs provide personal growth.
Jobs provide the grease to keep political machines running.
Jobs range anywhere from marketing to food service to sales to web site programming.
Jobs range from administrative and secretarial to managerial positions.
Jobs range from brainstorming, to getting in contact with leads on projects.
Jobs range from business and letterhead to four color process promotional pieces.
Jobs range from call centers and help desks to programming.
Jobs range from clerical and factory work to a variety of professional positions.
Jobs range from collecting articles to laying out the newsletter to distribution.
Jobs range from co-ordinating sections, to photography, to layouts.
Jobs range from counselor to clinical psychologist with advanced education and training.
Jobs range from custodians to peer tutors, all at competitive pay rates.
Jobs range from dishwasher to hotel attendant to wrangler to tour bus guide.
Jobs range from ditch digger to CEO and are available in virtually all occupations.
Jobs range from editing research essays to designing and writing technical reports and newsletters.
Jobs range from electronics to the chemical industry.
Jobs range from entry level to mid-level to executive positions.
Jobs range from entry-level to executive opportunities.
Jobs range from entry-level to executive.
Jobs range from escorts, to office assistants, data entry, greeters, and shuttle drivers.
Jobs range from field work to customer service to engineering.
Jobs range from fisherman to dealers to shuckers and truckers.
Jobs range from internships, entry level, to senior executive.
Jobs range from lab or field investigation to research department administration.
Jobs range from major repairs to cleaning and cheerleading.
Jobs range from new grads to managerial positions.
Jobs range from playing at parties and reunions to working in the recording business.
Jobs range from retail to industrial.
Jobs range from routine tasks to complex professional positions.
Jobs range from setting up equipment right through to editing the final programme.
Jobs range from simple flooring projects to complete and complex master bathrooms.
Jobs range from tracking merchandise to assisting customers in opening bank accounts.
Jobs range from unloading boats to cooking and packaging salmon to simply cleaning up.
Jobs range from up front activities like planning and rounding up sponsors to helping run the event.
Jobs ranging from administrative associates to food service workers are available.
Jobs ranging from entry level to executive positions abound in the field.
Jobs relate to regions.
Jobs relate to tourism.
Jobs related to exports pay on average higher wages than other jobs.
Jobs rely on skills.
Jobs remain available for top performers.
Jobs remain elusive until techniques are learnt and employed.
Jobs remain in the list for six months or until filled, whichever comes first.
Jobs remain on the site for a period of one month.
Jobs remain on the site for seven days with new jobs added daily.
Jobs remain online for four weeks, unless otherwise specified.
Jobs remain posted for two weeks.
Jobs remain scheduled two to four weeks ahead.
Jobs require a choice to tool.
Jobs require ability.
Jobs require associate degrees.
Jobs require computers.
Jobs require degrees.
Jobs require documentation of all tests.
Jobs require education.
Jobs require experience.
Jobs require it.
Jobs require knowledge.
Jobs require less time.
Jobs require master degrees.
Jobs require numbers.
Jobs require professional experience.
Jobs require services.
Jobs require skills.
Jobs require some fluent Italian and special skills also.
Jobs require strength, dexterity and alertness.
Jobs require strength.
Jobs require technical ability.
Jobs require working in teams more than they have in the past.
Jobs requiring advanced technical skills often go begging.
Jobs requiring extensive equipment require a full day commitment due to prparation time.
Jobs rotate in an agreed manner among Leaders.
Jobs run fairly with jobs from different users taking turns executing.
Jobs run on the laser system can range from just a few seconds per part, to as much as a few hours.
Jobs run the economy which run the dollar whence all values flow from.
Jobs run the range from management and finance to writing.
Jobs run their fastest, with minimum use of storage capacity, and minimum CPU overhead.
Jobs run through the batch queues automatically.
Jobs run year-round.
Jobs running in the background appear in the normal ps command.
Jobs See what's open and download an application .
Jobs seem less plentiful and less secure.
Jobs start and finish in a timely manner.
Jobs start at various times throughout the year, based on employer needs.
Jobs start at various times throughout the year, based on the employer's and the program's needs.
Jobs start at various times throughout the year, based on the employer's needs.
Jobs start at various times throughout the year, depending on the employer's needs.
Jobs start at various times throughout the year, depending on the employer's requirements.
Jobs start at various times throughout the year, depending upon project requirements.
Jobs start at various times throughout the year, depending upon the employer's needs.
Jobs stay active for six weeks.
Jobs stay around for thirty days.
Jobs stay posted for two months.
Jobs still faces tough issues.
Jobs still has the top job.
Jobs Take a look at our vacancies .
Jobs take two to three months to complete.
Jobs take up most of it, but families and relationships also take their toll.
Jobs Talk about a job. . .
Jobs tend to be advertised in trade publications rather than newspapers.
Jobs then pass from sales to scheduling to production to shipping without delay or miscommunication.
Jobs turn up at parties and from friends of friends.
Jobs typically focus on one task under the immediate supervision of a manager.
Jobs typically rotate from week to week.
Jobs vaporize in downsizing or some massive corporate reorg.
Jobs vary according to skill.
Jobs vary enormously, and many are at times difficult and stressful.
Jobs vary from clerical assistance to computer programming to web design to animal colony care.
Jobs vary from clerical to research, from service to security.
Jobs vary from grounds police to heavy equipment operation.
Jobs vary from painting and construction to gardening and kitchen duty.
Jobs vary from pest control to research into plant and animal DNA and genetic modification of crops.
Jobs vary from receptionist to resort manager.
Jobs vary from specialized technicians' work to clerical work or labor.
Jobs vary from store clerks to more specialized and technical work.
Jobs vary in length and some involve evening or weekend scheduling throughout both semesters.
Jobs vary widely in terms of contribution to society.
Jobs vary widely.
Jobs vary, but film processing turn-around time normally takes between one to two weeks.
Jobs wait in the print queue until the printer is free, and then they are sent to it.
Jobs welcome news directories assignments virtual tour operations jobs involvement FAQs forms home .
Jobs Welcome to Teen Blow Jobs .
Jobs Welcome to the jobs page.
Jobs always run on the latest software versions.
Jobs always seem to get in the way, but the money always helps.
Jobs frequently trigger event notifications when they are complete or when problems occur.
Jobs often come through networking.
Jobs often compete with learning time.
Jobs often deviate from their written descriptions.
Jobs often have variable execution times and arbitrary release times.
Jobs often take several weeks to complete.
All job posting ad rates are net.
All job posting notices contain a specified deadline for submission.
All job records historical, current, future associated with active job.
All jobs also have a job supervisor.
All jobs appearing on the web are open.
All jobs are available at the current time.
All jobs are available immediately, unless otherwise noted.
All jobs are available immediately.
All jobs are avalible, except president and web designer.
All jobs are career-oriented in nature.
All jobs are clickable, and generate an e-mail form for the interested party to fill in.
All jobs are custom.
All jobs are eligible for job share unless other wise indicated.
All jobs are first shift .
All jobs are free to the applicant.
All jobs are full time positions.
All jobs are full time, pay competitive wages, and offer full benefits.
All jobs are full-time unless otherwise noted.
All jobs are fun and interactive with the runners, walkers and other volunteers.
All jobs are in Israel unless otherwise indicated.
All jobs are in New York City.
All jobs are in our Sacramento office unless otherwise specified.
All jobs are in the city.
All jobs are in the suburbs.
All jobs are interesting.
All jobs are less than two weeks old.
All jobs are live in with food.
All jobs are live-in and include room and board.
All jobs are methods, and there are means to getting somewhere.
All jobs are on Wednesdays before, during or after coop hours.
All jobs are one month or less.
All jobs are open to job sharing with or without a partner.
All jobs are open.
All jobs are ready for scheduler.
All jobs are stressful in some regard.
All jobs are subject to pre-employment background check, reference check, and negative drug screen.
All jobs are the same.
All jobs are valuable within our society, though some are more visible than others.
All jobs are work-study positions.
All jobs benefit from including the optimization options such as -Ofast.
All jobs come with some degree of stress.
All jobs come with the security of a room and food included.
All jobs have a downside, though.
All jobs have expiration dates and expire automatically.
All jobs have inherent dignity and contribute to self-worth.
All jobs have lives, cycles of learning, mastery, plateauing, and declining.
All jobs have stress, retirees have stress, businesses have stress.
All jobs have their challenges.
All jobs have their frustrations and problems.
All jobs have their laughs.
All jobs have two roles, worker and client.
All jobs involve safety in the workplace.
All Jobs List all the jobs in our database from newest to oldest.
All jobs listed are open for application as of today.
All jobs listed are open to employees and qualified candidates from outside the company.
All jobs listed are valid for the current week unless specified otherwise.
All jobs listed have licensing requirements.
All jobs listed here are currently open and awaiting applications.
All jobs offer excellent salary and benefits.
All jobs offer structures and routines which in themselves are satisfying.
All jobs pay at least minimum wage.
All jobs pay minimum wage, but the majority of students earn much more.
All jobs pay minimum wage.
All jobs post for a minimum of two weeks, although many are open longer.
All jobs remain in the database for one year from submission.
All jobs remain posted until filled.
All jobs require a background investigation.
All jobs require a great deal of thought.
All jobs require a resume.
All jobs require a variety of skills to be performed at different levels of expertise.
All jobs require creativity.
All jobs require daily, on-site attendance.
All jobs require different and equally important skills.
All jobs require good attendance and attitude.
All jobs require good English.
All jobs require hard work.
All jobs require the completion of an application form.
All jobs require the learning of new knowledge, continuously.
All jobs require the submission of an employment application.
All jobs require training of some sort.
All jobs requires fluent English.
All jobs run in the background.
All jobs run through shop with silver film.
All jobs solve problems.
All jobs ultimately involve dealing with other people.
All Jobs View a complete alphabetical listing of all jobs in Texas.
All Jobs View a complete alphabetical listing of all jobs in the Midwest.
All Jobs View a complete alphabetical listing of all jobs in the Space Coast area.
All Jobs View a complete alphabetical listing of all jobs in the State of Michigan.
All Jobs View a complete alphabetical listing of all jobs in the State of Nevada.
All Jobs View a complete alphabetical listing of all jobs.
All Jobs View a complete listing of all Accounting jobs.
All Jobs View a complete listing of jobs in the State of New York.
All Jobs View a complete listing of Medical jobs.
All Jobs View a listing of Advertising and Media jobs.
All jobs work the same.
Any job can become a ministry, as long as it is dedicated to love.
Any job dealing with customers is bound to be a pain in the butt now and then.
Any job going beyond the specified limits is killed automatically.
Any job has certain requirements and usually they take the form of some educational diploma.
Any job includes varying amounts of each skill area.
Any job is a big responsibility.
Any job is a chance to learn, to fight and to improve.
Any job is a complicated medley of positives and negatives.
Any job is a good first job.
Any job is a good place to start.
Any job is almost always better than abject poverty, the employed happier than the unemployed.
Any job is easier with the right tools.
Any job is honorable.
Any job is possible but preferebly in servirce and building spheres.
Any job remaining open beyond two months does count as a new posting.
Any job represents relief from idleness and embarrassment.
Any job requiring a permit also requires liability insurance.
Any job well done brings satisfaction, despite the anonymity.
Any job working with the public involves a few irate phone calls, though.
Every job can provide valuable experience and exposure.
Every job carries certain safety risks.
Every job comes with an income, which gives a household spending power.
Every job comes with an iron-clad, risk free guarantee.
Every job contains repetitive tasks which employees find boring.
Every job contains several functions.
Every job contributes to the company's success.
Every job exists for the purpose of accomplishing something useful.
Every job gets the personal attention of the owner.
Every job gets the undivided attention it deserves.
Every job given strengthens the arms of the defenders of law and order.
Every job goes through all m machines in a unidirectional order.
Every job has a certain amount of routine work that needs to be done.
Every job has a code and similar jobs have similar codes.
Every job has a constellation of tasks associated with it.
Every job has a downside.
Every job has a unique identifier number, and a lookup file allocates an engineer to a job.
Every job has a unique vernacular.
Every job has an initial learning curve.
Every job has aspects that can be measured to gauge how well in incumbent has performed.
Every job has certain guidelines.
Every job has certain hazards.
Every job has certain physical and mental task requirements.
Every job has demands and frustrations, but ministry has some unique stresses.
Every job has frustrations.
Every job has good points and bad.
Every job has it's risks.
Every job has it's unique challenges, and every job has our complete attention to detail.
Every job has meaning and purpose.
Every job has negatives.
Every job has new challenges to concur.
Every job has one.
Every job has some components which are unrewarding, unfulfilling, and often tedious.
Every job has some sort of stress associated with it.
Every job has something to complain about.
Every job has specific skills that a worker needs in order to succeed in that job.
Every job has stresses and fears and uncertain ties.
Every job has to do with service at some level.
Every job has to pay at least minimum wage.
Every job has tools to use.
Every job involves a learning curve.
Every job is a challenge and enthsiastically met.
Every job is a challenge.
Every job is a custom job and varies depending on the extent of the damage or changes involved.
Every job is a new location.
Every job is a self portrait of the one who did it.
Every job is a self portrait of the person who did it.
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it.
Every job is a selfportrait of the person who does it.
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who does it.
Every job is a self-portrait.
Every job is a work of art.
Every job is challenging, different and interesting.
Every job is different, and has to be treated that way.
Every job is different, with new challenges.
Every job is different.
Every job is essential to our success.
Every job is essential to the department's success.
Every job is guaranteed.
Every job is handled with care and dedication to detail.
Every job is hardest at the beginning and gets easier with experience.
Every job is held by a person.
Every job is held in order to problem solve, from the receptionist to the company president.
Every job is important and the team members work together toward one goal.
Every job is important here.
Every job is important on a farm.
Every job is important.
Every job is just one day at a time.
Every job is more or less the same.
Every job is performed on the same machine.
Every job is planned to detail and built into the overall production schedule.
Every job is produced to order.
Every job is quoted ahead of time and delivered at that price.
Every job is represented by a job object command which allows to manipulate the job.
Every job is submitted to a thorough process of verification to ensure accuracy.
Every job is tough.
Every job is unique.
Every job listed is currently open.
Every job listed is verified and reverified continually by our trained staff.
Every job lost has impacts.
Every job makes a different set of demands on the body.
Every job needs a crew boss.
Every job needs a resume.
Every job now is a temp job.
Every job plays an important role in the efficient operation of the ranch.
Every job poses some risk.
Every job provides an opportunity to learn.
Every job really begins in the bindery.
Every job requires certain talents and skills.
Every job requires certain tools and a space where that job can best be performed.
Every job requires different behaviors for success.
Every job requires extensive guest contact and guest services.
Every job requires more work than the founders can do.
Every job requires skills, though some skills are more specific to specialized fields than others.
Every job requires some type of skill, and the Internet is no exception.
Every job requires the right tools, and fundraising is no different.
Every job teaches something, and all skills are worth having.
Every job tests their ingenuity.
Every job uses some form of equipment.
Every jobs look different in person than they do on paper.
Many jobs allow students time to do their homework.
Many jobs also require people to work outdoors in the cold frigid weather.
Many jobs are all core and no space.
Many jobs are apparently up for grabs.
Many jobs are available for home based sewing and assembly.
Many jobs are available for individuals prepared at the undergraduate level of social work.
Many jobs are available for teachers with training to meet the needs of children with disabilities.
Many jobs are available in Blair, Omaha, and the immediate area.
Many jobs are available in the administrative offices.
Many jobs are available in the field of human resource management.
Many jobs are available which provide an opportunity to gain experience working with people.
Many jobs are available, some specifically for graduate students.
Many jobs are available.
Many jobs are basically survival jobs until they are employed in their career field upon graduation.
Many jobs are computer related.
Many jobs are currently available.
Many jobs are dangerous, and life is a tragedy waiting to happen.
Many jobs are degree related.
Many jobs are dependent on exports.
Many jobs are entry level or technical positions that can lead to promotion within a career path.
Many jobs are entry level, and therefore many vacancies are created by normal career progression.
Many jobs are entry level, and therefore vacancies are also created by normal career progression.
Many jobs are in danger because of the extent of gold theft.
Many jobs are in or related to the petroleum industry, especially in the exploration of oil and gas.
Many jobs are open in the local area and nationally.
Many jobs are outdoors, but work is generally halted during rain or freezing weather.
Many jobs are part time for a few hours a day.
Many jobs are part time or seasonal.
Many jobs are part-time, and hospitality workers sometimes work unusual hours.
Many jobs are part-time.
Many jobs are preprofessional in nature and offer academically related experience.
Many jobs are seasonal.
Many jobs are still out of reach for women, and most quit working when their marry.
Many jobs are temporary to direct hire, according to Breton.
Many jobs are union, although a few employers are union.
Many jobs are union.
Many jobs are within walking distance of the East Campus.
Many jobs are work-study positions funded by the federal government.
Many jobs become available at different times.
Many jobs being performed by manned aircraft are dangerous, monotonous, or very expensive.
Many jobs can involve night, weekend and holiday work, especially during weather emergencies.
Many jobs carry out their duties in an office setting.
Many jobs end with an alpha character meaning that multiple versions of a job exists.
Many jobs even offer perks like a camping space, meals and phone lines.
Many jobs generated by a retirement community are low skill, low pay service jobs.
Many jobs give more emotional space.
Many jobs go unadvertised.
Many jobs happen inside the swarm library.
Many jobs have hours that are flexible.
Many jobs have multiple levels of physical presence requirements.
Many jobs have variable time schedules.
Many jobs impose demanding visual requirements on people who wear bifocals or trifocals.
Many jobs involve several pieces of equipment and multiple lifts.
Many jobs involve the newest technology.
Many jobs involve working in the open air with opportunities for travel both in the UK and abroad.
Many jobs listed are technical in nature, though the visibility of nontechnical fields is growing.
Many jobs listed require advanced degrees but some positions require only bachelor's degree.
Many jobs now come into being for a few years and then disappear.
Many jobs now require basic computer and keyboarding skills.
Many jobs now require familiarity and experience with computers to be prerequisites to hiring.
Many jobs offer career placement.
Many jobs offer good pay, good fringe benefits, and reasonable advancement.
Many jobs offered by colleges are in the community service field.
Many jobs pay far lower salaries.
Many jobs provide room and board and sometimes a stipend.
Many jobs related to the nonprofit sector exist within for-profit and government entities.
Many jobs rely on new technology and already require more brain power than muscle power.
Many jobs rely on new technology, and more and more jobs require education beyond high school.
Many jobs remain open far longer, however, and it pays to check with any firms of interest.
Many jobs require a car.
Many jobs require a certain standard of dress.
Many jobs require a college educated individual.
Many jobs require a different type of clothing than is normally worn around the house.
Many jobs require a great deal of travel.
Many jobs require advanced training or graduate studies.
Many jobs require an individual labor certification .
Many jobs require an individual labor certification.
Many jobs require both skills.
Many jobs require experience, but there are entry-level jobs for college grads.
Many jobs require experience.
Many jobs require four-year university degrees.
Many jobs require good bilateral manual dexterity.
Many jobs require good communication skills.
Many jobs require good programming skills.
Many jobs require growing flexibility in time and function.
Many jobs require individuals who make favorable first impressions.
Many jobs require licensure to advance in both salary and responsibility.
Many jobs require only part-time or consulting work.
Many jobs require on-site training.
Many jobs require people who can speak effectively.
Many jobs require skills that are specific to that occupation.
Many jobs require some evening and weekend hours.
Many jobs require special clothes or special tools.
Many jobs require specific certifications, educational degrees, or skills in various trade areas.
Many jobs require strenuous work, long hours, and provide only seasonal employment.
Many jobs require that applicants have education, experience, and a passing score on a written exam.
Many jobs require that the dispatcher remain calm in emergencies and determine priorities rapidly.
Many jobs require the agility, movement, and skills required by many professional athletes.
Many jobs require their employees to be physically fit.
Many jobs require travel, some abroad.
Many jobs require welders to be able to pass tests to demonstrate their skill.
Many jobs stay open well past six months.
More job offers than one deejay can handle.
More jobs also flow out of factors that influence the cost and productivity of workers.
More jobs also mean more customers for Arizona.
More jobs are available in the fall than in the spring.
More jobs are in financial analysis and business consulting.
More jobs are on the way in the Chemical Valley.
More jobs are on the way.
More jobs are part-time.
More jobs bring more people, who spend money, increasing tax revenue.
More jobs draw many to the region.
More jobs equals more demand for housing.
More jobs is good.
More jobs mean more corporate contributions to the arts and more arts patrons.
More jobs mean more home buyers.
More jobs mean more income and more spending and, thus, more tax money.
More jobs mean more New Jersey families with hope for the future.
More jobs mean more people, and more people mean more jobs.
More jobs mean more people.
More jobs mean more personal income tax.
More jobs mean more political stability and a better climate for U.S. investments and U.S. tourism.
More jobs mean more tax revenues.
More jobs mean more teachers union members.
More jobs mean the unemployment rate is dropping.
More jobs means more bosses.
More jobs require higher levels of education and skills training.
More Jobs Then move to the major jobs databases .
Most jobs allow a parent to take sick time to care for a sick child.
Most jobs appear to be near their offices, in the Baltimore, DC and Austin areas.
Most jobs appear to come from state employment agencies.
Most jobs are all day with a lot of pages and are interesting.
Most jobs are along the Southwest border.
Most jobs are available immediately.
Most jobs are clear-cut.
Most jobs are directly related to the amount of construction occurring.
Most jobs are foresters, range managers, other natural resources specialists, and secretaries.
Most jobs are full time and in the private sector.
Most jobs are full time in the private sector.
Most jobs are full-time, permanent positions.
Most jobs are in applying rather than in developing technology.
Most jobs are in big cities and their affluent suburbs.
Most jobs are in carpet and carpet related industries although other manufacturers are located here.
Most jobs are in large regional jails or in prisons in rural areas.
Most jobs are in large regional jails or prisons located in rural areas.
Most jobs are in management or fund raising from throughout the United States.
Most jobs are in New York City.
Most jobs are in Shanghai or larger cities, and parents are aware of that.
Most jobs are in social services.
Most jobs are in state office buildings in the Harrisburg capitol complex.
Most jobs are in the domestic branches of the economy.
Most jobs are in the light industrial sector.
Most jobs are in the Midwest, but some are all over.
Most jobs are in the private sector.
Most jobs are in the service sector .
Most jobs are in the services and retail trade.
Most jobs are in the timber industry.
Most jobs are interdependent and require employees to work with each other to achieve common goals.
Most jobs are marginally less boring than daytime television.
Most jobs are minimum wage.
Most jobs are no experience necessary.
Most jobs are office based but with site visits.
Most jobs are on campus and departments are eager to hire students with work-study awards.
Most jobs are on campus.
Most jobs are part time for a few hours a day.
Most jobs are permanent and full-time.
Most jobs are quite complicated and demand specific work-related knowledge, skills and attitudes.
Most jobs are seasonal or temporary.
Most jobs are similar in that they hold an identifiable set of responsibilities and priorities.
Most jobs are union due to the employment provided by a few large government agencies.
Most jobs are union.
Most jobs are urban-related.
Most jobs are urgent.
Most jobs are with city, county, district, state, and federal agencies.
Most jobs are year round permanent jobs.
Most jobs base on experience.
Most jobs begin at minimum wage, but there are many other benefits such as flexible work hours.
Most jobs being filled are the result of people in permanent position leaving their positions.
Most jobs come through networking because that is how most companies find employees.
Most jobs contribute to performance.
Most jobs deal with animals and growing things.
Most jobs demand cognitive skills.
Most jobs demand that individuals do what is morally and ethically right as well as fast.
Most jobs depend on application of knowledge or problem solving skills to solve complex problems.
Most jobs depend on states.
Most jobs do require missing some class time.
Most jobs entail a modest amount of fun.
Most jobs expose workers.
Most jobs feel routine after a while.
Most jobs give little or no health care benefits.
Most jobs have a combination of dynamic and static effort tasks.
Most jobs have a wide range of pay scales, bonuses and benefits packages.
Most jobs have application filing deadlines.
Most jobs have bad times, but they pass.
Most jobs have components.
Most jobs have elements of both.
Most jobs have flexible hours.
Most jobs have potential.
Most jobs have requirements.
Most jobs have some combination of predictable and unpredictable components.
Most jobs have their own set of knowledge and skills.
Most jobs interact with computers.
Most jobs involve aspects of all elements.
Most jobs involve exploring for oil and gas.
Most jobs involve frequent standing, bending, walking, and stretching.
Most jobs involve frequent standing, bending, walking, stretching, lifting, and carrying.
Most jobs involve many more responsibility.
Most jobs involve responsibility.
Most jobs involve services.
Most jobs involve some level of noise.
Most jobs involve working with both numbers and people.
Most jobs listed are in the private sector.
Most jobs now require high levels of skill, qualifications and knowledge.
Most jobs now use computers.
Most jobs occur in industrial areas.
Most jobs offer a chance to build someone else's business.
Most jobs offer applications.
Most jobs only require one to two people.
Most jobs only take a few days to complete, so usually a one-time payment is sufficient.
Most jobs pay an hourly rate.
Most jobs pay minimum wage.
Most jobs pay more, however, depending upon the student's experience and skills.
Most jobs pay salaries based on the minimum wage.
Most jobs provide great opportunity.
Most jobs provide growth.
Most jobs provide opportunities to take a break from the screen, e.g. to do filing or photocopying.
Most jobs provide opportunities to take a break from the screen, eg to do filing or photocopying.
Most jobs provide opportunity.
Most jobs provide personal growth.
Most jobs receive guidance in carrying out their duties.
Most jobs relate to regions.
Most jobs relate to tourism.
Most jobs related to forest fires are in the West or the South.
Most jobs rely on skills.
Most jobs require a bachelor's degree, and master's are increasingly common.
Most jobs require a bachelor's degree.
Most jobs require a combination of skills.
Most jobs require a degree in something other than German.
Most jobs require a master's or doctoral degree.
Most jobs require a native English speaker.
Most jobs require a solid academic foundation in math, science and communications.
Most jobs require a training period.
Most jobs require ability.
Most jobs require accuracy and attention to detail.
Most jobs require associate degrees.
Most jobs require basic skills related to the specific job.
Most jobs require collaboration with colleagues.
Most jobs require college or technical training.
Most jobs require combinations of skills in math, reading, writing, communication and teamwork.
Most jobs require computer science degree or background.
Most jobs require computers.
Most jobs require degrees.
Most jobs require education.
Most jobs require either an associate's degree or a bachelor's degree.
Most jobs require experience.
Most jobs require extensive travel within the assigned county.
Most jobs require fifteen or fewer hours of work a week.
Most jobs require good team skills and a willingness to adapt.
Most jobs require graduate training in oceanography.
Most jobs require information retrieval and usage.
Most jobs require knowledge.
Most jobs require lifting, bending, standing, and other physical work of varying degrees.
Most jobs require master degrees.
Most jobs require middle to high scores in one or two areas.
Most jobs require more than a high school diploma.
Most jobs require more than one tool.
Most jobs require no more than three groups.
Most jobs require no work experience or specific training, but earnings are low.
Most jobs require normal physical mobility, eyesight, and hearing.
Most jobs require numbers.
Most jobs require only a high school diploma.
Most jobs require previous experience.
Most jobs require professional experience.
Most jobs require services.
Most jobs require skills.
Most jobs require strength.
Most jobs require submission of additional documents.
Most jobs require teamwork, most careers depend on teamwork, and most companies insist on teamwork.
Most jobs require technical ability.
Most jobs require the ability to clean well, cook, or take care of children.
Most jobs require the ability to clean, cook, or take care of children.
Most jobs require the ability to discuss issues in meetings.
Most jobs require the basic skills as described below.
Most jobs require the writer to be multi-tasked.
Most jobs require two coats of paint.
Most jobs require two jack stands for safety.
Most jobs require, sorting, addressing or labeling.
Most jobs run an average of four to six weeks.
Most jobs start at minimum wage.
Most jobs stay open and posted for at least two weeks.
Most jobs stay open and posted for two weeks.
Most jobs there seem to be in video conferencing, computer programming, and networking.
Most jobs turn around in one day.
Most jobs use annual performance evaluations to archive employees' performance against goals.
Some jobs allow for on-line application.
Some jobs also call for odd hours of work, such as truck driving.
Some jobs also require a certification.
Some jobs also require a level of physical ability.
Some jobs also require a third set of specialty competencies.
Some jobs also require certification.
Some jobs also require leadership ability.
Some jobs appear glamorous but the reality can be sheer hard work for little remuneration.
Some jobs are able to run on multiple architectures or operating systems.
Some jobs are also available off-campus with nonsectarian and nonprofit organizations.
Some jobs are architectural and some jobs are nuts and bolts.
Some jobs are available for camp counselors, restaurant waiters, summer resort workers, and others.
Some jobs are available in secondary school teaching and in science writing.
Some jobs are available in the residence halls, as peer resident advisors.
Some jobs are available off campus.
Some jobs are available to older people who have already gained qualifications in civilian life.
Some jobs are better suited for men, others for women.
Some jobs are better suited to telecommuting than others.
Some jobs are better than others.
Some jobs are done by mothers.
Some jobs are done by soldiers.
Some jobs are during the day and some are at night and on weekends.
Some jobs are eligible for flexible or alternative work schedules.
Some jobs are esteemed more than others, such as lawyers and federal government employees.
Some jobs are even worse.
Some jobs are exciting, some are boring.
Some jobs are extremely dangerous too, esp.
Some jobs are for fighting and some are for other work to support the military.
Some jobs are for the extravert while others are geared for the introverted.
Some jobs are fulltime for as long as a project lasts.
Some jobs are good, and some are great.
Some jobs are harder to leave than others, of course.
Some jobs are highly competitive.
Some jobs are in Portland.
Some jobs are in remote areas in forests, mountains, deserts, and along the coastline.
Some jobs are in remote areas.
Some jobs are in research laboratories and others in production and control.
Some jobs are inherently dangerous and others can suddenly become so.
Some jobs are just better than others.
Some jobs are likely to be lost during consolidation.
Some jobs are limited to long-term permits or Swiss citizens only.
Some jobs are more affected than others.
Some jobs are more prone to burnout than others.
Some jobs are more related to crop production, while others emphasize design or business background.
Some jobs are more valuable to our local economy than others.
Some jobs are new construction, others remodeling.
Some jobs are off campus and require students to have transportation.
Some jobs are ongoing, with a commitment of a few hours each week or month required.
Some jobs are open to the possibility of telecommuting, part or all of the week.
Some jobs are performed by soldiers.
Some jobs are regular office hours.
Some jobs are repetitive and some are challenging.
Some jobs are seasonal or only available for part of the year.
Some jobs are seasonal, as is the case with portrait photographers who specialize in weddings.
Some jobs are seasonal, companies experience changes in management and layoffs.
Some jobs are seasonal.
Some jobs are short, others can take a bit of time.
Some jobs are so big that they run out of memory.
Some jobs are sport specific while other positions are related industry positions.
Some jobs are temporary or on-call.
Some jobs are temporary, some are permanent.
Some jobs are to perform a single task in a private residence.
Some jobs are too big but no job is too small.
Some jobs are too small.
Some jobs are two in one, divided donations with one pick-up and two drop off points.
Some jobs are undesirable to workers because of the risk of injury.
Some jobs are union.
Some jobs are very methodical, with the same things done everyday.
Some jobs are very rewarding.
Some jobs are very small, taking only an hour or two.
Some jobs are worth doing just half well.
Some jobs are year-round, some just for one season.
Some jobs become careers.
Some jobs belong in the public sector for the good of everyone.
Some jobs call for a hands on approach.
Some jobs call for a hands-on approach.
Some jobs call for trunnion snatch blocks.
Some jobs can involve shift work.
Some jobs carry different stigmas or acclaims .
Some jobs carry different stigmas or acclaims.
Some jobs change often and some jobs stay the same for a long time.
Some jobs come through immediately.
Some jobs come with a private apartment.
Some jobs consist of many infrequently performed tasks.
Some jobs dictate that an employee always have an office.
Some jobs disappear and new jobs are created.
Some jobs do require a car and possibly a trailer.
Some jobs do require extra incentives.
Some jobs expose workers to harmful materials, fumes, or odors, or to dangerous machinery.
Some jobs expose workers to lead.
Some jobs fail to allow for the physical limits of the individual who performs that job.
Some jobs fit into traditional slots and others are snickered at.
Some jobs generate fumes and odors.
Some jobs give employer contact information.
Some jobs harm the environment, others harm the human soul.
Some jobs have a real time constraint or maximum slowdown.
Some jobs have different titles, whereas some job titles can entail more than one job.
Some jobs have duties with varying cycles.
Some jobs have genuine career and promotion prospects.
Some jobs have no formal testing, only a careful review of the application materials.
Some jobs have nothing to do with PCs and require machine coding.
Some jobs have predictable cycles.
Some jobs have specific requirements that require education or previous training.
Some jobs have unique application requirements.
Some jobs have very interesting names.
Some jobs help develop marketable skills.
Some jobs involve alcohol.
Some jobs involve extreme heat or cold.
Some jobs involve food.
Some jobs involve patients.
Some jobs involve patrols.
Some jobs involve phones.
Some jobs involve science.
Some jobs involve serve alcohol.
Some jobs involve travel and require students to stay at a location overnight.
Some jobs involve wheels.
Some jobs lend themselves to part-time work.
Some jobs occasionally require overtime work.
Some jobs offer a work exchange for conference registration.
Some jobs offer regular job performance evaluations where employees get feedback.
Some jobs offer salary plus the potential of a bonus.
Some jobs offer telecommuting.
Some jobs pay a salary plus commission.
Some jobs pay more money than other jobs.
Some jobs pay more than others because they require a long, costly training period.
Some jobs pay more than others.
Some jobs produce the structural elements of buildings, others produce finished wood products.
Some jobs prohibit certain refractive procedures.
Some jobs promote something that the people can have, and with some benefits.
Some jobs relate to construction.
Some jobs relate to fields.
Some jobs represent combinations of job families.
Some jobs require a cigar.
Some jobs require a driver's permit.
Some jobs require a gable end.
Some jobs require a helper.
Some jobs require a high level of technical competence.
Some jobs require a professional.
Some jobs require a regular commitment while others are for a specific project or event only.
Some jobs require creativity when handling tasks or solving problems.
Some jobs require excellent English skills while others require lower levels of English skills.
Some jobs require fluency in a language other than English.
Some jobs require good computer skills.
Some jobs require high scores in all aptitudes.
Some jobs require highly skilled and trained employees.
Some jobs require individuals who can teach new workers how to use machines, complete forms, etc.
Some jobs require joints to be shown, perhaps to create an appearance similar to cast stone.
Some jobs require knowledge of technical terms in areas such as law, medicine, and electronics.
Some jobs require master's degrees or doctoral-level preparation.
Some jobs require masters.
Some jobs require more concentration than others.
Some jobs require more English than the teens can muster.
Some jobs require more students due to their frequency.
Some jobs require more training than others but the good news is the training is free.
Some jobs require more years of school than others - like doctors.
Some jobs require more years of school than others like doctors.
Some jobs require no previous experience and some require more specialized training.
Some jobs require non-librarian technical experts.
Some jobs require nuclear power, while others can get by with a smoothly running combustion engine.
Some jobs require only an adjustment.
Some jobs require outdoor work or extensive travel.
Some jobs require particular skills, eg computing.
Some jobs require people who know when to give in on a point and when to stand firm.
Some jobs require people who, when faced with obstacles, keep trying to achieve their goals.
Some jobs require relocation from Dallas to another city.
Some jobs require rubber tooling for plaster molds , or plastic tooling for sand molds .
Some jobs require shorthand.
Some jobs require special conductive shoes.
Some jobs require special hand protection.
Some jobs require specific shifts or work schedules while others allow more flexibility.
Some jobs require specific training regardless of the number of employees.
Some jobs require strong analytical ability.
Some jobs require surveyors.
Some jobs require sustained attention, generating mental fatigue.
Some jobs require technical skills.
Some jobs require that employees be certified.
Some jobs require the ability to create new ideas or products.
Some jobs require the ability to perform repetitive tasks.
Some jobs require the ability to solve problems.
Some jobs require the ability to train and instruct others.
Some jobs require the additional time and mess of liquid application.
Some jobs require the employees to track and control activities, assignments, tasks, and projects.
Some jobs require travel throughout the county.
Some jobs require two coats.
Some jobs require union membership and have long waiting lists.
Some jobs require written tests, and others use ratings of experience and training.
Some jobs requires a masters.
Some jobs requiring special skills are available by appointment of certain offices or departments.
Some jobs seem too good to be true.
Some jobs simply favor some disciplines because the work is closely related to the study.
Some jobs simply offer more travel opportunities than others.
Some jobs speed up substantially when run on a group of idle or lightly loaded hosts.
Some jobs still have to be done by hand.
Some jobs take a couple of hours each week, and others a couple of hours a month.
Some jobs take days or weeks to learn.
Some jobs take months.
Some jobs weigh more in burden bricks.
Some jobs write more than others do.
A jobber is a distributor
Jobbers are distributors.
Jobbers run around the trading floor buying and selling shares for stockbrokers.
Jobbers tend to come and go with frequency because painting boats is a rough and difficult business.
A jobcentre is a government office
Jobcentres are able to advise of any current advertisements.
A jobholder is a holder
A jobholder is an employee
Jobholders remain cautious in all kinds of paper work.
Jobless growth is only one aspect of an economy growing leaner and meaner.
Jobless rates are well below the national average.
JobMatch registration is good for one year.
Many jobs changes are imminent.
Jobs today are so much more automated and they require more skills.
Jobs today offer decent salaries, stock options, etc.
Jobs today require a heavy science and math background.
All jobs today are temporary jobs and everyone is expendable.
Many jobs today are safe.
Many jobs today require that safety equipment be available and used by employees.
Most jobs today are team oriented.
Most jobs today have something to do with science.
Most jobs today involve some cooperative interaction with others.
Most jobs today require some sophistication in the world of computers.
JobSatellite clients hire better qualified candidates faster with reduced recruitment errors.
Most jobsite accidents occur when handling or using a ladder.
Jobsite cleanliness is especially important in environmental work.
Jock itch affects the groin area, and athlete's foot affects the feet.
Jock itch appears as a red, itchy rash that is often ring-shaped.
Jock itch can spread by contact with unwashed clothing or athletic cups.
Jock itch causes a burning sensation and chaffed, itchy and irritated skin .
Jock itch develops most often in warm weather and is contracted mainly by boys and men.
Jock itch develops without any sexual contact whatever.
Jock itch is a common fungal infection in the groin area and on the genitals of men.
Jock itch is a common term for the infection of the groin region.
Jock itch is a form of fungal infection also known as groin ringworm.
Jock itch is a fungal infection in the groin area that causes a raised, itchy, red rash.
Jock itch is a fungal infection of the groin and upper thighs.
Jock itch is a moist, itchy rash in the groin area.
Jock itch is a roundworm
Jock itch is caused by a fungus infection that thrives in warm, moist areas.
Jock itch is caused by the same tinea.
Jock itch is mildly contagious.
Jock itch is more likely to occur after taking antibiotics.
Jock itch is more likely to occur in males than females.
Jock itch is more likely to occur in men than women.
Jock itch is much more common in men than women.
Jock itch is only mildly contagious.
Jock itch is ringworm on the body.
Jock itch is ringworm.
Jock itch occurs when the groin area becomes sweaty, allowing fungi to build up.
Jock straps are really ancient torture devices.
A jock is a contestant
Jock joints Where to spot athletes when they're on the town.
Jock prays again.
Jock spots The best gyms, sporting arenas, and places to get fit and have fun.
Jock takes a nature tour to the spit almost every day.
Jocks are as answerable to real law as bricklayers, school teachers, journalists and belly dancers.
Jocks are jocks, whatever that means.
Jocks are the answer to racial discrimination.
Jocks have a different reason for valuing their so-called manhood.
Jocks love it because of the control and ease of rearranging events they get with Maestro.
Jocks make fun of nerds.
Jocks see large countdown times as each event ends and intro times as songs start.
Jocks suck and football sucks too.
Jocks value their power and masculinity because it means survival.
All jocks are closet homosexuals.
All jocks stand up.
Some jocks hate nerds.
Jockey isa horseman.
Jockeys are athletes.
Jockeys are capable of play games.
Jockeys are forms.
Jockeys are horsemans.
Jockeys are more educated, more professional.
Jockeys are operators.
Jockeys are the most underrated and underappreciated athletes in sports.
Jockeys are unique in their confidence and fearlessness.
Jockeys are usually like thin wafer sticks.
Jockeys are workers.
Jockeys can whip each other s horses, and each other.
Jockeys can whip their rivals and other horses in an attempt to get round first.
Jockeys depend on the races they win for most of their income.
Jockeys do it with whips and saddles.
Jockeys enjoy food.
Jockeys face a more difficult challenge than most in that department.
Jockeys fight over their caps.
Jockeys follow rules.
Jockeys have (part) arms.
Jockeys have (part) body substances.
Jockeys have (part) cell membranes.
Jockeys have (part) cells.
Jockeys have (part) corpi.
Jockeys have (part) cytoplasm.
Jockeys have (part) heads.
Jockeys have (part) human bodies.
Jockeys have (part) legs.
Jockeys have (part) material bodies.
Jockeys have (part) necks.
Jockeys have (part) nuclei.
Jockeys have (part) personality.
Jockeys have (part) plasma membranes.
Jockeys have (part) sections.
Jockeys have (part) vacuoles.
Jockeys have diets.
Jockeys ride horses.
Jockeys stay still to decrease the chances of being run over.
Jockeys always let horses look at a fence before they race.
Jockeys often cease their riding careers to take up other employment in racing, usually as trainers.
All jockeys think they understand the training life, and they're all wrong.
Many jockeys also excercise horses.
Most jockeys enjoy food.
Most jockeys follow rules.
Most jockeys have diets.
Most jockeys keep a code of silence about their hardships.
Most jockeys ride horses.
Some jockeys appear in articles.
Some jockeys appear in associate press articles.
Some jockeys die from injuries.
Some jockeys go to hospitals.
Some jockeys have market positions.
Some jockeys have positions.
Some jockeys hold lanterns.
Some jockeys take precaution.
Jockeyings are social events.
A jockstrap is a clothing
Jockstraps keep everything safely held into place under sports clothing, shorts or sweats.
Jocoque flavors range from mildly tangy to refreshingly sharp.
A jodhpur is a boot
Jodhpur boasts of an array of handicrafts.
Jodhpur has extreme type of climate with temperature range variation being very high.
Jodhpur is a small, active city located on the edge of the great western desert.
Jodhpur is an important marketplace for wool and agricultural products, and has a domestic airport.
Jodhpur is linked to various centers in the region by express and passenger trains.
Jodhpurs are cities.
Jog isa action.
Some jogs become habits.
A jogger is a runner
Joggers are especially at risk.
Joggers are in abundance here, winding their way around the reservoir and bridle trail.
Joggers are located in parks.
Joggers are located in rest areas.
Joggers are located in state parks.
Joggers are people.
Joggers are runners.
Joggers attach to belt or clothing for safety.
Joggers become shadows, and shadows become hitters.
Joggers bring their exercise buddies.
Joggers can enjoy the local track or the scenic countryside.
Joggers can use the many trails accessible from the building.
Joggers do have to maneuver around equipment used to operate the lifeboat davits.
Joggers do it on the run.
Joggers enjoy both walkways and bikeways.
Joggers get to know the cracks in the ground and what kind of bugs dwell there.
Joggers have it easiest.
Joggers have paths.
Joggers have treadmills, cyclists have stationary bikes.
Joggers inevitably prefer packed sand and stay seaward of amaranth.
Joggers love it here.
Joggers obsess over heart rate numbers and socks.
Joggers pause and get a glass of water.
Joggers run alongside the tree-lined roads that cross in front of homes with wide lots.
Joggers run alongside the waterfront park, marina and historical museum.
Joggers run around the reservoir.
Joggers slap by, taking advantage of the light traffic to jayjog across intersections.
Joggers start their runs.
Joggers take advantage of a no-fly day to run on the flight deck.
Joggers trot down the gravel pathways.
Joggers trot past surviving trenches and gunpits.
Joggers yield to trail stock and hikers.
Joggers often come by and help themselves, and snowbirds love to see the trees.
Joggers usually take the two-kilometer dirt path, which swings around several medieval tombs.
All joggers are athletes.
Many joggers never bother to compete.
MOst joggers are nice, but some think they have the rigth of way on a bike trail.
Most joggers run a few miles.
Some joggers enjoy running through the beautiful greens.
Joggers nipple is also a problem in women.
Joggled input guarantees a simplicial output, but it is less accurate than merged facets.
Joggled input is easier to justify.
John isa room.
Johns have (part) bases.
Johns have (part) ceilings.
Johns have (part) doorways.
Johns have (part) floors.
Johns have (part) potties.
Johns have (part) room light.
Johns have (part) sections.
Johns have (part) toilet bowls.
Johns have (part) toilet seats.
Johns have (part) toilets.
Johns have (part) walls.
Johnnycake is a cornbread
Johnnycakes are a very personal item.
Johnnycakes are bread made with cornmeal.
Johns line is one such place.
Johns research is on the leading edge of solid state physics and laser physics.
Johns versatility is amazing.
Join hands serve to give firm but elastic connection.
Join inventors make applications.
A join is a set
Join are list.
Join artisans, galleries and businesses as they celebrate northern art and culture.
Join attributes to spatial data using polygon codes and corresponding SCS soil name and slope codes.
JOIN Be sure to put subscribe balloonatics in the message.
Join campaigns to get dangerous toxic sites, leaking dumps and incinerators shut down.
Join classes around the world in cooperative studying and problem solving.
Join classmates from around the world for an educational and fun-filled weekend.
JOIN clauses only make sense for binary operators that return boolean.
Join collegues in examining challenges and solutions for safe and healthy children and families.
JOIN connects each point to the previously drawn one, creating a smooth curve.
Join conservationists from throughout the Northern Rockies and learn ways to protect wild country.
Join contests .
Join creates bonds.
Join cruises to Desolation Sound or rent one of our power boats.
Join edges and place seam-side down on an ungreased baking sheet.
Join edges together to create a circle.
Join ends of borders and sew to back neck.
Join ends to form a circle.
Join ends to form donut shape.
Join ends to form ring, placing prepared custard cup bottom side up in center of ring.
Join ends together forming ring.
Join have fun and maybe win some prizes.
JOIN is a reciprocal word.
JOIN is a success story thanks to the volountary efforts of our unsung helpers.
JOIN is a very powerful and useful command.
JOIN is a work experience and skill's activity operated in the private or public sector.
Join is also available by clicking the button.
Join is free.
JOIN is managed by JOIN association.
JOIN is more than a link between websites.
JOIN is run entirely by volounteers but there are costs involved.
Join is the process by which a device registers the services it offers with lookup services.
Join is the process by which a resource registers the services itoffers with lookup services.
Join links to the benefits of being a Chapter member .
JOIN NOW Click here to take our monthly survey.
Join promise Keepers and attend one of their rallies as a group.
Join queries to make several tables one large table.
Join ranks and fight terrorism together.
Join ranks with the leading cave photographers in the U.S. today.
Join rows as shown below, pressing seams toward outer rows.
Join sheets with two-part acrylic joint adhesive, then sand and finish.
Join sleeves to the shell.
Join squares together following diagram below.
Join start personals for FREE and browse through thousands of profiles to find that special someone.
Join strips end to end to achieve the length needed to travel around quilt.
Join strips with a few handstitches either as work progesses or before starting work.
JOIN takes two arguments.
Join tourists on holiday in a luxury underground hotel.
Join trellises together to creat trellis screens.
Join widths together if necessary using a flat seam.
Joins are a variation on sets which is how database queries work.
Joins are almost always preferable to separate table cursor operations.
Joins are attachment.
Joins are frequently hairlines.
Joins are fundamental to relational database management.
Joins cause joins.
Joins lake easement to the back.
Joins show how tables are related.
Joined boxes can also flip themselves.
Joined characters can form nonspacing characters.
Joined letters are frequent throughout, but fusion of letters is rare.
Joined letters are frequent throughout.
Joined objects remain independent and later can be easily moved or separated.
A joiner is a woodman
Joiners answer a questionnaire and pick a password.
Joiners are members.
Joiners are woodworkers.
Joiners become more tolerant, less cynical, and more empathetic to the misfortunes of others.
JOINers can participate in free internet training courses in the comfort of their own homes.
Joiners use a mixture of sawdust and glue for similar purposes.
A joinery is woodwork
All joinery is teak or teak-faced plywood.
Any joinery described as framed, uses mortices and tennons.
Joint accounts are available.
Joint accounts are common between spouses and civil partners.
Joint accounts are easy to set up.
Joint accounts held in the names of the parent and young person are acceptable.
Joint accounts mean joint liability.
Joint accounts mean joint responsibility.
Joint aches occur in over half of cases regardless of cause.
Joint action doubles the amplification of sound.
Joint action is taken to meet the market.
Joint action is vulnerable to many barriers.
Joint actions are also possible on the state parliament level.
Joint actions are an entirely novel idea.
Joint activity requires joint intention which requires shared concepts.
Joint admissions provides barrier-free movement from the community college to the state college.
Joint angle replaces length as the x-axis variable.
Joint appendages are supported by muscles.
Joint appendages serve functions.
Most joint appendages are supported by muscles.
Most joint appendages serve functions.
Joint applications are welcome.
Joint appointments require careful consideration at review time.
Joint appraisal is possible.
All joint assignments are nominative and go through a board process.
Joint authority is authority to majority.
Joint authorship is a type of apprenticeship.
Joint authorship is acceptable.
Joint authorship is as if the bill belongs to that member as well.
Joint authorship is ok.
Joint awards count as one each.
Joint bargaining is only possible if the union already represents most workers in the industry.
Joint bones begin to rub together creating friction while trying to work.
Joint briefs are also less costly for the clients, of course.
Joint cartilage becomes scarred, and malnourished, generally in proportion to the use it gets.
Joint cartilage is in a constant state of growth, repair, and enzyme-induced breakdown.
Joint chapters do count.
Joint commands are paper constructs that have little actual function.
Joint commissions perform specific functions that relate to psychiatry and psychiatrists in general.
Joint committees deal with issues of common interest.
Joint compound is a gypsum rock based product that comes in ready mix or powder form.
Joint compound is applied over all fastener heads and beads.
Joint concentrations require a special level of interest and motivation.
Joint constraints can automatically shape the joint throughout the natural range of motion.
Joint contractures are common.
Joint costs are several costs incurred in producing or purchasing a product.
Joint coverage is also available for the co-borrower.
Joint coverage is available, as is an optional accidental death benefit.
Joint custody allows each parent a say in the upbringing of the children.
Joint custody allows for the responsibility of parenting to be shared.
Joint custody can be very hard for kids where they have two homes and never feel quite settled.
Joint custody can make it possible for mothers to work.
Joint custody can mean either joint legal custody or joint physical custody.
Joint custody can work well when the parties have a cooperative spirit.
Joint custody can work, and work well when it is approached in a mature cooperative spirit.
Joint custody has to be enforced.
Joint custody is a general term.
Joint custody is a popular option among conciliatory spouses.
Joint custody is also an alternative in Oklahoma.
Joint custody is another common alternative.
Joint custody is either the best or the worst arrangement.
Joint custody is hard on the children when they have to move from one parent's home to another.
Joint custody is now an option under Georgia law.
Joint custody is quite different.
Joint custody means assuring children of frequent and continuing contact with both parents.
Joint custody means both joint legal custody and joint physical custody.
Joint custody means both parents share the responsibility.
Joint custody means that both parents share the rights and responsibilities of raising the child.
Joint custody requires an ongoing plan for the everyday care that fosters stability.
Joint custody seems to work best with older children who can handle moving between homes.
Joint custody sets the stage for the parents to be involved in the lives of their children.
Joint damage can be a major long-term problem for someone with hemophilia.
Joint damage can become severe and deforming.
Joint decisions are so much harder than individual customer purchase decisions.
Joint defendants are competent witnesses for one another in separate trials.
Joint deformities are common.
Joint deformity is often a late symptom of osteoarthritis.
Joint degree courses with a number of other subjects are available.
Joint degrees are a subject of discussion.
Joint degrees are often possible, but sometimes require additional time.
Joint degrees are something of a misnomer.
Joint degrees permit the joint use of credit to shorten the requirements for attaining both degrees.
Joint degrees range in duration from four to five years of full-time study.
Joint design is the method by which joint optimization is achieved.
Joint design is virtually maintenance free.
Joint disequilibrium can change genotypic variance.
Joint disorders are the number one chronic ailment affecting dogs.
Joint distributions are available in population or drug model.
Joint disturbances are often secondary to laxity in joint tendons and ligaments.
Joint doctrine is the second step in the interoperability process.
Joint doctrine provides basic guidance and a common architecture for forces in the field.
Joint drainage is very important.
Joint dysfunction signifies a loss of joint play.
Joint effort gets humanitarian goods to Guatemala - Release No.
Joint effort requires everybody to be able to offer real substance.
Joint efforts are legitimate only when the assistance of others is explicitly acknowledged.
Joint efforts are often more appealing to funding entities as well.
Joint efforts continue to assist hurricane victims with the greatest needs.
Joint effusion is present and the fetlock is painful on flexion.
Joint effusion is variable and variably palpated.
Joint effusions are common and best visualized along the biceps tendon.
Joint electorate can never be the solution.
Joint employment means than an individual is employed by two or more persons at the same time.
All joint end are integral to the valve body.
All joint ends have detachable nuts and end connectors.
Joint endeavors provide hours of fun and entertainment for everyone.
Joint enrollment can reduce course loads by as many as four courses.
Joint enrollment can reduce graduation requirements by as many as nine courses.
Joint enterprise is a process through which people work together toward a common goal.
Joint entries are fine.
Joint entries are welcome.
Joint events have joint probabilities .
Joint events held with other associations are also eligible.
Joint expenses are expenses shared among members of a group of entities.
Joint experimentation shows how well it all works together.
Joint explorations are a form of cooperation seen in the joint exploration for offshore oil.
Joint family has strength of unity.
Joint findings are typical of rheumatoid arthritis .
Joint flexibility is a very important part of physical fitness that is over looked by most people.
Joint flexibility is reduced, bony spurs develop, and the joint swells.
Joint function depends on the health of the cartilage in the joint.
Joint funding is the norm for agreements.
Joint fusion is more common in psoriatic arthritis.
Joint goals are habitat restoration and redevelopment.
Joint immobilization assures a speedy recovery.
Joint implementation is also an option, where appropriate.
Joint implementation offers businesses in Canada an unprecedented opportunity for global action.
Joint infections can damage a joint within days.
Joint infections can destroy the joint.
Joint inflammation can become chronic and deforming after repeated attacks.
Joint inflammation caused by arthritis can turn routine tasks into painful obstacles.
Joint inflammation is the main source of pain.
Joint inflammation is the result of uptake of crystals by polymorphonuclear leucocytes.
Joint inflammation leads to irreparable degrees of cartilage and bone damage within the joint.
Joint inflammation occurs in four stages.
Joint inflammations can thus arise.
Joint initiatives are also important.
Joint injuries accelerate the advance of arthritis.
Joint injuries are a major cause of economic loss in the horse industry.
Joint injuries are common since jogging typically involves constant pounding on a hard surface.
Joint injuries begins with a thorough medical history, physical exam, and usually X-rays.
Joint injuries caused by accidents or overuse increase the risk for some types of arthritis.
Joint ink starts out as one color.
Joint institutions function there as well.
Joint integrity has to be maintained with spring clips or mounting hardware.
Joint integrity is maintained since there is no wood to expand and contract.
Joint interests involve property owned by more than one person.
Any joint invasion is usually secondary to previous instrumentation.
Joint investigation continues.
Joint involvement episodes as context for development.
Joint involvement is diagnosed as inflammatory arthritis.
Joint involvement is generally bilateral.
Joint involvement is often symmetrical in the hands, wrists, knees, and ankles.
Joint involvement is usually symmetric.
Joint involvement occurs in most women and much less frequently in men and children.
Joint issues are ever-increasing in importance.
Joint leaders deliver the cooperation of all parties in the venture.
Joint liability is the only reliable method for cleaning up sweatshops in the garment industry.
Joint liability means that all partners are liable for the all obligations of the partnership.
Joint life is a policy that covers two lives.
Joint lock holds.
Joint locks are extremely dangerous techniques.
Joint locks are quit painful.
Joint mailings reduce costs, and offer greater interest and choice to customers.
Joint majors are available with business, geography, political science, and Latin American studies.
Joint manipulations are defensive and practiced with a partner as well.
Joint marketing helps to maximize revenues.
Joint matches are difficult to obtain, but they can be made.
Joint members are two-member households.
Joint members get one copy of the journal and newsletter to one address.
Joint members have a vote in membership meetings.
Joint members have the right to cast separate ballots in elections.
Joint members receive full individual benefits.
Joint members receive one copy of all correspondence at a single address.
Joint members receive one set of benefits per couple.
Joint membership is also available.
Joint membership is an individual and one associate residing in the same household.
Joint membership is available to two individuals living at the same address.
Joint membership is determined by the age of the younger spouse.
Joint membership is open to two persons living at the same address.
Joint membership is still an option.
Joint membership is the first step toward lifelong involvement with organized dentistry.
Joint membership represents two members in a household.
Joint membership represents two members in one household.
Joint memberships are available only to partners.
Joint memberships are for two members at the same address.
Joint membranes become inflamed, causing pain, stiffness, warmth, redness and swelling.
Joint mobility is critical now as the athlete has to be able to perform movements with added weight.
Joint mobility is increased, and relaxation is induced.
Joint mobility is usually nonexistant past the first joint.
Joint mobility is usually nonexistent past the first joint.
Joint mobility is usually normal aside from the small joints in the hands.
Joint mobilization is used to treat hand, wrist, elbow, shoulder, the spine, ankle and knee.
Joint moment demonstrates a high valgus stress on the right.
Joint monitoring is done with all programs.
Joint motion changes with age.
Joint movement is greatly impaired.
Joint movement is restricted and painful, and the skin over the involved areas becomes taut and dry.
Joint names are preferable for investments in shares too.
Joint nominations are acceptable.
Joint operations are a key element of military missions.
Joint operations are the norm in the more advanced states.
Joint operations can have complex command relationships.
Joint optimization is therefore the goal.
Joint ownership allows property to pass outside of probate directly to the joint owner.
Joint ownership builds a culture of teamwork.
Joint ownership can sometimes be like walking a tightrope.
Joint ownership has some risks, too.
Joint ownership is another scenario for sharing equipment.
Joint ownership is identified by use of the conjunction or.
Joint ownership is implicit where there are co-inventors.
Joint pain associated with the flu also stops when heat begins.
Joint pain can be severe with permanent destruction of bone and cartilage of the joints.
Joint pain can make even the simplest movement hurt.
Joint pain can occur with or without movement and can be severe enough to limit movement.
Joint pain develops at any stage of the disease and lasts from a few hours to several weeks.
Joint pain is associated with increased stress on joints, often produced by repetitive motions.
Joint pain is common in infected adults, especially women.
Joint pain is common.
Joint pain is endured by almost everyone living today's active lifestyle.
Joint pain is pain.
Joint pain is the most common complaint in patients who suffer from osteoarthritis.
Joint pain is the most common complaint of people with hemochromatosis.
Joint pain is treated with analgesics, anti-inflammatory agents, and physical therapy.
Joint pain is very common in lupus.
Joint pain signals an impending injury, and only the dumbest keep going.
Joint pains are also very common among the elderly.
Joint pains can also occur.
Joint pains can result from irritated nerves from the neck.
Joint participation is encouraged.
Joint partnerships are also common.
Joint petitions are generally cleaner and cheaper than two separate bankruptcies.
Joint pins come in a variety of shapes and sizes, and more are coming out with every new cue maker.
Joint planning allows connection and exploration of key curricular concepts.
Joint planning has the potential of leveraging crime control resources.
Joint possession is when people knowingly share control over the article.
Joint power produced during walking is a good index of age related mobility decline.
Joint prayer is an expression of fellowship in faith.
Joint preparation is essential in delivering a long-lasting, top quality finished product.
Joint presentations are acceptable.
Joint press release Joint business, sales, and marketing planning.
Joint problems are also common.
Joint problems are common in meat animals fed high nutrient diets for maximal gowth and weight gain.
Joint problems are extremely common.
Joint problems caused by injuries or overuse increase the risk of osteoarthritis.
Joint problems ie.
All joint procedures apply.
Joint programs are available in cross-cultural, child clinical, neuropsychology, and health.
Joint programs are available in most departments.
Joint programs broaden course offerings.
More joint programs are under discussion.
Joint projects are acceptable with proper documentation and commensurate scope.
Joint projects are good ways to begin.
Joint projects involving the two research groups are available.
Joint promotions provide a higher profile and visibility to all partners.
Joint property is taxable even though the decedent's name was added as a matter of convenience.
Joint property is to be equally divided.
Joint proposals are also acceptable.
Joint proposals are welcome and interdisciplinary proposals are encouraged.
Joint proposals are welcome.
Joint proprioceptors have tonic properties.
Joint publications are also a very useful starting point for developing a research profile.
Joint publications are desirable.
Joint publishing is a way out.
Joint qualifications involve at least one extra year of study.
Joint receptors are afferent components located within the synovial joint capsules and ligaments.
Joint recruitment is also under way for specialists in bioinformatics.
Joint recruitment is also underway for specialists in bio-informatics.
Joint registration is available.
Joint rehearsal is strictly for ensemble.
Joint relaxation occurs to some extent in all fastened joints.
Joint replacement can correct the problem.
Joint replacement can improve the quality of life in terms of both pain and function.
Joint replacement is a frequent indication for surgery in adult patients with hemophilia.
Joint replacement is another options.
Joint replacement is most successful in large joints like hips and knees.
Joint replacement is most successful in large joints such as hips and knees.
Joint replacement is the last resort for arthritis sufferers.
Joint replacement is the only treatment other than pain control.
Joint replacement requires an understanding of anatomy, physiology, and engineering.
Joint replacements exist for the big toe joint, as well as other joints at the ball of the foot.
Joint replacements help relieve the pain and restore function.
Joint replacements help thousands more people regain mobility.
Joint replacements help thousands more regain mobility.
Most joint replacements result from a wearing of the joints, known as degenerative arthritis.
Joint representation seems unwise.
Joint research continues.
Joint research is a way of dialogue.
Joint research is underway in gynacology, microbiology, obstetrics, pharmacology and physiology.
Joint resolution is resolution
Joint resolution is resolution.
Joint resolutions become law in the same manner as bills.
Joint resolutions can amend or repeal statutes, and vice versa.
Joint resolutions carry the weight of law.
Joint risks require a team process to develop mitigation plans.
Joint rules are applicable to both houses.
All joint rules apply.
Joint sales calls for target accounts.
Joint seals have a calculable leak rate, which increases with age.
Joint secretariats are also possible.
Joint sections have an indefinite shelf life.
Joint sponsorship is a way to solve that.
Joint sponsorship is required of all off-campus groups.
Joint stability is provided by close articulation of the talus with the tibia and fibula.
Joint statements are strongly encourage and they count for one third of an intervention.
Joint stereo is used in cases where only low bitrates are available but stereo signals are desired.
Joint stereo is used.
Joint stiffness is reduced.
Joint strength develops as the cement dries.
Joint strength is close to that of parent material.
Joint strength is improved by gluing and is recommended.
Joint study reduces the time normally spent to earn both degrees by one year of full-time study.
Joint supervision is encouraged.
Joint supervisors are all primary supervisors.
Joint surfaces are usually smooth, but with osteoarthritis they become roughened and thinner.
Joint surgery can relieve pain and restore function.
Joint surgery is one of the most successful means to treat some specific arthritic conditions.
Joint surplus is realized.
Joint symptoms are due to bleeding around or into the joint.
Joint symptoms are related to synovial tissue invasion by Borrelia.
Joint symptoms are uncommon in children and in adult males.
Joint tap is needed to determine the etiology of acute arthritis.
Joint tape is embedded in joint compound, bonding it to the wallboard.
Joint tenancies are an extremely common form of property co-ownership in New South Wales.
Joint tenancies are the easiest and simplest form of probate avoidance.
Joint tenancy applies only to the particular property held that way.
Joint tenancy can be a quick and expensive fix.
Joint tenancy disposes only of that particular property it makes no provision for anything else.
Joint tenancy disposes only of that particular property.
Joint tenancy includes the common law right of survivorship, provided it is set out in the deed.
Joint tenancy is a common form of ownership when two or more persons jointly open a savings account.
Joint tenancy is a form of co-ownership.
Joint tenancy is a form of ownership by two or more individuals together.
Joint tenancy is a form of ownership that gives all named owners the right to manage the property.
Joint tenancy is a form of ownership where all parties hold title together, undivided.
Joint tenancy is a method of co-ownership that gives title to the property to the last survivor.
Joint tenancy is a way for two or more persons to share equally in the ownership of property.
Joint tenancy is an immediate transfer for gift taxes.
Joint tenancy is broken, creditor becomes tenant in common.
Joint tenancy is discussed below.
Joint tenancy is easy to achieve.
Joint tenancy is just the same, with one big exception.
Joint tenancy is one of the most common forms of asset ownership.
Joint tenancy is one of the most popular and least understood means of owning property .
Joint tenancy is the best way for a couple to hold title to property.
Joint tenancy is the simplest probate avoidance method.
Joint tenancy is used nationwide and simplifies transfers of assets upon death of a property owner.
Joint tenancy is useful because it keeps the property out of probate, which saves time and money.
Joint tenancy is useful in the right case.
Joint tenancy requires both signatures to sell or give the property away.
Joint Tenants are two or more individuals owning interment rights.
Joint tenants can sell their interests during lifetime to third parties.
Joint tenants hold a single title whereas each tenant in common has a separate title.
Joint tenants hold a single unified interest in the entire property.
Joint Tenants means right of survivorship.
Joint tenants own a share in property which is undivided.
Any joint tenant can petition the court and compel partition of a joint tenancy asset.
Joint tests are also available.
Joint testimony adds strength to our message and enhances each organization's voice.
Joint tickets are available with other leading attractions.
Joint tissue is enclosed by a capsule.
Joint training can clarify understanding of mutual roles and responsibilities.
Joint training is available.
Joint trials promote judicial economy and efficiency.
Joint use destroys any non-aviation planning process.
Joint use increases the possibility for sabotage, terrorism, and vandalism.
Joint use violates environmental laws.
Joint vacations can be a challenge to any relationship.
Joint vacations can be one such touchpoint.
A joint venture is a venture
Joint venture is also an option.
Joint venture is in good shape.
Joint venture is sought with related buy-back and equipment purchase arrangements.
Joint venture offers customers access to online services.
Joint venture partnerships U.S. and international government relations.
Joint venture projects possible.
Joint ventures arc used in real estate development as a means of raising capital and spreading risk.
Joint ventures are a mechanism for explicit interorganizational cooperation.
Joint ventures are a particularly demanding form of commercial cooperation.
Joint ventures are a powerful way to get traffic and additional income online.
Joint ventures are a powerful, widely used tool.
Joint ventures are also a way to fund innovative research at universities.
Joint ventures are also available to companies planning to manufacture for the Mexican market.
Joint ventures are also eligible.
Joint ventures are an important approach to access global markets.
Joint ventures are another challenge, again requiring assistance.
Joint ventures are eligible for the same preferences and tax benefits as domestic companies.
Joint ventures are especially notorious for their short lives.
Joint ventures are impossible with such a management culture.
Joint ventures are in the vogue.
Joint ventures are notoriously difficult to implement in a fast moving business like handsets.
Joint ventures are the trend in international filmmaking.
Joint ventures are ventures.
Joint ventures benefit both partners.
Joint ventures can also improve 'site-stickiness'.
Joint ventures can be equity or non-equity partnerships.
Joint ventures can create both private and social benefits by reducing production costs.
Joint ventures can grow into valuable assets.
Joint ventures can provide low-cost advertising for all advertisers involved.
Joint ventures can provide low-cost expertise.
Joint ventures can receive funding for up to five years.
Joint ventures can, of course, create efficiencies that enhance competition.
Joint ventures create a special conflict for the board of the nonprofit partner.
Joint ventures create inherent susceptibility to intermediate sanctions for a number of reasons.
Joint ventures deliver the goods.
Joint ventures develop implementation plans focusing on areas of concern identified in the Plan.
Joint ventures develop implementation plans focusing on areas of concernidentified in the Plan.
Joint ventures do have drawbacks.
Joint ventures do take time to put together but they do bring in results.
Joint ventures effect significant influence upon economy of the region.
Joint ventures emphasize combining personnel and financial resources to accomplish a common goal.
Joint ventures employ more men than women and fewer individuals in their twenties.
Joint ventures focus on a variety of topical areas with a range of federally funded partners.
Joint ventures have immense potential rewards.
Joint ventures help support customer needs around the world.
Joint ventures involving foreign partners always take the form of limited liability partnerships.
Joint ventures involving normally competing companies are welcome.
Joint ventures involving production enjoy tax holidays, deductions and exceptions.
Joint ventures leverage funds.
Joint ventures permit broader and more innovative services at cheaper prices.
Joint ventures represent nucleus of Arab common Market.
Joint ventures take several forms.
Joint ventures work great on the internet.
Joint ventures work great on the Internet.
Joint ventures yield worthwhile results.
Some joint ventures meet obstacles that hinder, and in some cases, destroy the partnership.
Joint visits are limited to two participating agencies.
Joint wall is the rest of the photo.
Joint warfare is essential to victory.
Joint warfare is teamwork.
Joint water is still in the lawyer s hands.
Joint work is encouraged .
Joint work is the best way to learn.
Some joint work is permitted, provided it is properly and carefully acknowledged as such.
A joint is a body part
Joint isa body part.
Joint isa instrumentality.
Joints allow a skeleton to move.
Joints allow bones to meet and bind together without actually grinding together.
Joints allow bones to move relative to each other, and keep the ends of the bones properly aligned.
Joints also become stiff after resting, especially after a night s sleep.
Joints also form in gineous rocks in response to cooling.
Joints also move with particular speeds and in response to applied forces.
Joints appear to be tight.
Joints are a little loose.
Joints are a major source of damping in MT structures.
Joints are also more prone to fracture due to the loss of bone mass.
Joints are also planes of fracture, but where there is no relative movement of the rocks.
Joints are also where friction occurs.
Joints are approx.
Joints are areas of contact between bones that are bridged by connective tissue.
Joints are body parts.
Joints are breaks with movement normal to the plane of the break.
Joints are cigarettes.
Joints are classified both structurally and functionally.
Joints are critical to exercise because joints are moved by the muscles to produce movement.
Joints are cross-nailed for added strength.
Joints are described structurally and functionally.
Joints are difficult to target therapeutically.
Joints are form fitted and fixed with solid welds.
Joints are fractures in rock that occur with regular spacing.
Joints are fractures in rocks along which significant displacement occurs.
Joints are fractures where there has been no displacement.
Joints are fractures which are found regularly repeated in the bedrock.
Joints are geologist jargon for cracks.
Joints are gray-green with purple tinges, the purple coloration becoming stronger in winter.
Joints are hard and dry.
Joints are heli-arc welded, polished and passivated.
Joints are hot, red, sensitive to touch or movement and very swollen.
Joints are hyperextensible.
Joints are immobile in the well padded, velvet lined interior.
Joints are junctions.
Joints are large.
Joints are laser cut to precisely follow the shape of the second member to assure a tight fit.
Joints are loose.
Joints are medium length.
Joints are metal sealed.
Joints are more likely to be damaged if supporting muscles and ligaments are weak.
Joints are more numerous and determine the orientation of most caves.
Joints are mortise and tenon and pinned together with hardwood dowels.
Joints are mortise and tenon.
Joints are natural cracks in rocks.
Joints are often tender, and range of motion is often restricted due to pain.
Joints are often up to one meter wide at the surface.
Joints are one of the most common features in the crust of the earth.
Joints are painful and swollen.
Joints are part of bodies.
Joints are part of endoskeletons.
Joints are part of skeletons.
Joints are places of weakness in otherwise strong rock.
Joints are places where two bones come together.
Joints are points in the body where two bones meet.
Joints are points of union between bones.
Joints are primarily dowel construction with one mortise joint at front of legs.
Joints are red and swollen and extremely sensitive to touch and is aggravated by motion.
Joints are small fractures in rocks.
Joints are splits usually found near the surface of stressed rock.
Joints are spots.
Joints are the areas where bones come together.
Joints are the areas where two bones meet.
Joints are the connections made between different parts of a structure.
Joints are the place where two bones meet and are held together by the ligaments.
Joints are too large for limbs and cause nerves to be pinched.
Joints are unobtrusive and impermeable, creating a seamless appearance.
Joints are vertical, so walls are vertical.
Joints are vertical, very smooth and even, it determines how a rock erodes.
Joints are very flexible and skin is loose and fragile.
Joints are virtually invisible to the human eye.
Joints are warm, swollen, tender, painful, and difficult to move.
Joints are weaker there, so select the best-located and remove the others.
Joints are where two bones meet and movement occurs.
Joints attach bones.
Joints become dangerously thin and breakable.
Joints become increasingly misshapen.
Joints become inflammed and painful.
Joints become more stable as muscles generate force to cause joint compression.
Joints become red or painful.
Joints become stiff and arthritic often leaving patients wheel-chair bound.
Joints become the main sites of chemical and physical weathering.
Joints bonded by several layers of fiberglass are also quite strong.
Joints can be stiff or over-flexible and can lead to osteoarthritis in later life.
Joints can be the end-effector of a maximum of one handle.
Joints can have the same effect as flaws in wood structures.
Joints can heal.
Joints can withstand enormous pressure by slowly releasing water from the cartilage.
Joints come in a variety of designs, each especially built for the limb it serves.
Joints commonly form in parallel sets.
Joints commonly injected are the shoulder, knee, ankle and small joints of the hand and foot.
Joints connect the parts.
Joints contain discs.
Joints detach so easily onto clothing or flesh that it seems as if they jump.
Joints do more than make use of small pieces of wood.
Joints effected are jaw,neck,shoulders,elbows,wrists,hands.knees,feet.
Joints feel bruised.
Joints feel hot and have stinging pain.
Joints feel loose.
Joints feel stiff and tender, and sometimes they even swell and make crackling sounds.
Joints form free space in rock by which other agents of chemical or physical weathering can enter.
Joints form perpendicular to direction of cooling.
Joints grow more distinct.
Joints have (part) corpi.
Joints have (part) hip sockets.
Joints have (part) lobes.
Joints have (part) sections.
Joints have a poor blood supply, so they grow and heal slowly.
Joints have a smooth, durable material called cartilage.
Joints have short tears.
Joints isolate terminal sections.
Joints lack the opportunity to move and then stiffen.
Joints lose their mobility and deteriorate from constant wear and pressure.
Joints lose their mobility and movement becomes difficult.
Joints made of lead are a dull gray while joints that are silver are made of other materials.
Joints maintain their normal range of motion by being moved.
Joints make movement of the bony skeleton possible.
Joints move legs.
Joints occur where different bones meet.
Joints occur where two bones meet.
Joints offset from base layer joints.
Joints osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, other arthritides.
Joints provide an easy pathway for groundwater movement.
Joints provide pathways for water and thus pathways for chemical weathering attack on rocks.
Joints push out in various directions , usually vertically .
Joints push out in various directions, usually vertically.
Joints represent a compromise between strength and mobility.
Joints require a perfect fit to work properly.
Joints require motion to stay healthy.
Joints seem loose.
Joints specify the relationships among parts, which in turn are composed of subparts and joints.
Joints stay healthier with activity.
Joints subglobose, closely connected.
Joints swell and rub against each other from the irritation and lack of space.
Joints swell painfully.
Joints tend to be hairline in thickness, whereas faults are thicker.
Joints tend to be involved in a symmetrical pattern.
Joints tend to become restricted in their range of movements.
Joints tend to occur under conditions of decreasing stress.
Joints tighten and range of motion decreases.
Joints trend northsouth, northwest, west-northwest, and northeast.
Joints turn neither in nor out.
Joints typically take several weeks to months to show improvement with nutritional management.
Joints wear out quickly in women who carry heavy loads their whole lives.
Joints often become sites for erosion.
Joints often stiffen after periods of rest, but clear up within seconds or minutes of motion.
Joints often stiffen for short durations after periods of rest.
Joints usually feel hot.
Joints usually occur as sets, with each set made up of joints that are parallel to each other.
All joints are also double-welded for even greater strength.
All joints are bubble-free.
All joints are dadoed, glued, and tacked.
All joints are direct-drive motor controlled, and all motors are mounted internally.
All joints are double dowelled and corner blocked.
All joints are double-doweled, glued, and screwed for maximum strength.
All joints are dovetail, tenon and mortise.
All joints are full-size and cast from natural specimens.
All joints are hand-fitted mortise and tenons.
All joints are helium leak tested and thoroughly cleaned.
All joints are in bending position, no shock loading of the joints.
All joints are mortise and tendon and wrapped with rawhide.
All joints are mortise and tenon.
All joints are mortise and tenoned together.
All joints are of strong tenon and groove construction.
All joints are over-locked.
All joints are painful when moving.
All joints are polycaps and they hold quite well.
All joints are securely heat-welded and tested.
All joints are to be glued and made watertight.
All joints are well sealed.
All joints can become involved such as the hips, knees, wrists, elbows, shoulders, and the jaw.
All joints function.
All joints have a cavity containing a small amount of synovial fluid that allows for movement.
ALL joints have synovial sacs for the lubrication of that joint.
All joints move so that life like poses can be achieved.
All joints respond to treatment.
All joints work OK, but elbows are a bit stiff.
Any joint can become arthritic but it is more common in the hands, knees, hip and spine.
Any joint holds in the standing position on the neck, back, fingers, and the finger weave.
Every joint is mortised and tenoned, glued and pinned for maximum durability.
Every joint is supposed to supply something to the work of the body.
Many joints have a large range of movement and are called ball and socket joints.
Many joints utilize water as a lubricant and water is involved in the senses of sight and hearing.
Most joints allow bone movement.
Most joints are mobile, allowing the bones to move.
Most joints are part of endoskeletons.
Most joints contain discs.
Most joints contain one or more bursae.
Most joints lock two building parts tightly together.
Most joints move legs.
Some joints allow for movement early in life, becoming rigid as the animal matures.
Some joints are immovable, such as the sutures between the bones of the cranium.
Some joints are relatively simple and permit only a limited range of movement.
Some joints can be more or less flexible than average.
Some joints connect jaws.
Some joints connect lower jaws.
Some joints sell bottles of their sauce for use at home.
Jointed appendages confer a great degree of motility upon an animal.
Jointed appendages is a major characteristic of all members of the phylum.
Jointed appendages make for easy storage.
Jointed arms hold mini wooden pieces accented with fabric.
Jointed legs are their main characteristic.
Jointed rods are a no-no, as are rods with crooks, bends, rough surfaces or nonrotating handles.
A jointer is a hand tool
A jointer is an edge tool
Jointer cleans up tapers quickly.
Jointers are planes.
Jointers are prime examples.
Jointers are tools.
Jointers can be either manual or automatic.
A joist is a beam
Joists are beams.
Joists are located in basements.
Joists are solid wood.
Joists are the horizontal parallel beams that support floors and ceilings.
Joists make a good job.
Joists run from girts to summers or tie beams.
A joke is wit
Joke isa wit.
Jokes abound about how glad parents are to see the first day of school roll around again.
Jokes are always an important barometer of the attitudes of a group.
Jokes are always funnier when they involve surrealism.
Jokes are back online.
Jokes are common to all cultures.
Jokes are dangerous.
Jokes are difficult to translate for different cultures around the earth.
Jokes are easy.
Jokes are especially perilous in British libel cases.
Jokes are even more popular.
Jokes are for entertainment purpose only.
Jokes are free.
Jokes are funnies.
Jokes are funny, and they have the ability to hurt people.
Jokes are funny, while religious spam is just silly.
Jokes are funny.
Jokes are good.
Jokes are good.
Jokes are grievances.
Jokes are inevitable about such patients.
Jokes are just jokes.
Jokes are just that.
Jokes are like that.
Jokes are misery.
Jokes are non-offensive to any social group, and still high quality.
Jokes are often the first E-mail new Internet subscribers receive and, in time, the most common.
Jokes are probably the funniest things ever.
Jokes are really nice.
Jokes are sortable by type, humor rating and content.
Jokes are stories told at the expense of a group.
Jokes are stories.
Jokes are the inadequate weapons of the over-matched combatant.
Jokes are the most elementary form of humor.
Jokes are very welcome.
Jokes are welcome from overseas as well as from Australia.
Jokes are wit.
Jokes attract attention.
Jokes bounce around society like federal agents.
Jokes cause a desire to laughs.
Jokes cause laughter.
Jokes consist of bland personalities caught up in wacky situations.
Jokes constitute something said or done to amuse or provoke laughter.
Jokes drag on and on with no punchline in sight.
Jokes express in a humourous manner the difficulties still prevalent in male- female relationships.
Jokes Find people.
Jokes fly and shit gets blown up.
Jokes function like dreams and are just so pregnant.
Jokes Get a laugh, or two and read some of our hilarious jokes.
Jokes Get ready to laugh.
Jokes go clunk on the screen.
Jokes have (part) chapters.
Jokes have (part) paragraphs.
Jokes have (part) tag lines.
Jokes have (part) word order.
Jokes have different origins and come in varying genre.
Jokes have the power to grab our attention and focus our mind.
Jokes integrate psychological, psycholinguistic, sociological, discourse and strategic components.
Jokes involving attorneys and sharks are common.
Jokes lighten the mood and relieve tension.
Jokes never seem to carry bylines.
Jokes open in a second browser window.
Jokes poking fun at overweight people are common in our society.
Jokes provide special challenges in timing and inflection, which can be excellent practice.
Jokes require attention.
Jokes require imagination.
Jokes stop being funny when they become catchphrases.
Jokes often fall flat.
Jokes often reveal truths in Cuba.
All jokes are acceptable for children of all ages so they can be repeated just about anywhere.
All jokes are clean and can be enjoyed by everyone.
All jokes are corny recycled and certified safe for any age.
All jokes are free and found freely accross the internet.
All jokes are in simple ascii text format.
All jokes are in Spanish.
All jokes are Internet jokes nowadays.
All jokes come with descriptions as well as ratings as decided upon by other users.
All jokes distributed are jokes that have been submitted by our subscribers.
Every joke begins with a certain set of assumptions.
Every joke is a quiet revolution.
Every joke is given away full minutes before they actually happen.
Every joke needs a butt.
Many jokes are a good way of presenting cultural aspects of the language.
Many jokes are actually puns .
Many jokes are actually puns.
Many jokes are physical.
Many jokes depend on knowledge of underlying schemas.
Many jokes fall flat while others emphatically hit the bullseye.
Many jokes involve sophomoric attitudes about sex, demeaning women for cheap laughs.
Most jokes are of the clean variety.
Most jokes attract attention.
Some jokes also use strong language.
Some jokes are a bit longer, some are short.
Some jokes are dirty, some are racist, some are sexist.
Some jokes are funny.
Some jokes are good, but some are corny.
Some jokes are just Jewish jokes.
Some jokes are numbskull jokes or noodle tales, and they tell of a group's naivete and foolishness.
Some jokes are offensive.
Some jokes are painful to people.
Some jokes are so lame.
Some jokes are universal.
Some jokes can offend some people.
Some jokes contain foul language, sexual content.
Some jokes describe occasions.
Some jokes fall flat, and others score huge laughs.
Some jokes fall flat, the second part and ending.
Some jokes go beyond nasty to downright vile.
Some jokes have foul language.
Some jokes involve racism or sexism and are in a special section that can be removed.
Some jokes require cultural references, especially old television cartoons such as the Flintstones.
Some jokes use a mathematical term with a second non-technical meaning as the punchline of a joke.
Some jokes work, but others fall flat.
A joker is a comedian
Joker isa performer.
Jokers add an element of luck.
Jokers allow add and remove.
Jokers apparently exist on that level too.
Jokers are articles.
Jokers are comedians.
Jokers are completely wild and can replace any card in forming a meld.
Jokers are playing cards.
Jokers are signs with unpredictable meaning.
Jokers are wild again.
Jokers are wild.
Jokers can stand for any other card.
Jokers cost double if left in hand.
Jokers do what they do for the reaction.
Jokers have (part) arms.
Jokers have (part) body substances.
Jokers have (part) cell membranes.
Jokers have (part) cells.
Jokers have (part) corpi.
Jokers have (part) cytoplasm.
Jokers have (part) heads.
Jokers have (part) human bodies.
Jokers have (part) legs.
Jokers have (part) material bodies.
Jokers have (part) necks.
Jokers have (part) nuclei.
Jokers have (part) personality.
Jokers have (part) plasma membranes.
Jokers have (part) sections.
Jokers have (part) vacuoles.
Jokers kiss lackadaisical munchkins.
Jokers know about mugging for comic effect.
Jokers score like any other cards.
Jokers stop any picking up, or can be added to make a pair.
Jokers tour extensively, participating in numerous domestic and international tournaments.
Some jokers break necks.
Some jokers enter rooms.
Some jokers express preference.
Some jokers have rooms.
Some jokers have weapons.
Some jokers have wives.
Some jokers show reaction.
Some jokers take hostages.
Some jokers use bars.
Some jokers use gods.
A jolt is movement
Jolts are bumps.
Jolts are joltings.
Jolts are physical events.
Jolts are soft drinks.
Jolts force participants to re-examine their assumptions and revise their habitual practices.
Jolts lull participants into behaving in a comfortable way and deliver a powerful wake-up call.
Jolts typically last for a few minutes but provide enough insights for a lengthy debriefing.
Any jolts received by the calculator take their toll on the screw posts.
Most jolts incorporate an element of entrapment.
A jonquil is a narcissus
Jonquils are daffodils.
Jonquils are short-trumpet narcissuses.
Jonquils are the first flowers of springtime in Arkansas.
Jonquils offer a lovely fragrance with creamy-white to soft yellow blooms.
Jordan isa thing.
Jordanian cabinet resigns over polluted drinking water scandal.
Jordanian children receive nine years of compulsory education in free elementary schools.
Most Jordanian hotels have business service offices for traveling business people.
Many Jordanian ladies weave the mats and baskets.
Jordanian law requires registration of copyrights, patents and trademarks.
Jordanian men expect to take the initiative in family matters.
Jordanian officials are also confident.
Jordanian officials maintain that the men left willingly as part a deal agreed with Qatar.
Jordanian plane lands in Iraq.
Jordanian police grab third accomplice in botched armed robbery .
Jordanian security is on very highly alert.
Jordanian students protest a governance decision.
Jordanian students receive scholarships and reside in college dormitories.
Jordanian teachers work all over the Middle East.
Jordanian universities are an important part of the country's fabric.
A joss is an idol
JOSS customizes services to meet the specific needs of individual projects or programs.
Josta berries are a cross between gooseberries and blackberries.
A joule is an energy unit
Joule isa unit.
Joules are a unit of energy or work .
Joules are a unit of energy.
Joules are direct measurements of energy as are calories.
Joules are the unit of energy for rating the suppression capacity of surge protectors.
Joules are units used to measure in the metric system.
Joules are work units.
Joules have (part) ergs.
Joules measure energy.
Joules measure heat energy.
Joules therefore define the amount of work that has been done on an object.
Most joules measure energy.
Most joules measure heat energy.
Journal articles are articles.
All journal articles are available as full text through the e-journal system.
Many journal articles are available either in abstract or in full-text from other sources.
Many journal articles are available full-text.
Many journal articles are available in full text from online databases.
Many journal articles are now available through online full-text databases.
Many journal articles discuss opinion polls.
Most journal articles are longer than five pages and include a bibliography or list of works cited.
Most journal articles are secondary sources and provide analysis, interpretation or evaluation.
Most journal articles are secondary sources which provide analysis, interpretation, or evaluation.
Most journal articles can be printed or saved, some can be e-mailed.
Some journal articles are available in full text.
Some journal articles are now available on-line.
Some journal articles summarize aspects.
Journal entries are created by writing.
All journal entries are confidential.
All journal entries are well organized with attention paid to correct grammar and punctuation.
All journal entries do on service learning project .
Some journal entries require multiple drafts, while others incorporate artwork with written text.
Journal publications show results.
Most journal records provide information on libraries that hold that title.
Journal writings are the student s responsibility.
A journal is a writing
Journal isa written language.
Journals allow the instructor and the student to work together on a document.
Journals also allow students to discuss information or projects read about in magazines.
Journals also are potentially much more complex from a data standpoint than preprint archives.
Journals also carry commentary in the form of readers' letters and editorials.
Journals also contain a great deal of what is called primary literature.
Journals also discuss the effectiveness of strategies.
Journals also provide a place to monitor their healing progress.
Journals also work very well with the elementary age student.
Journals appear in page image format.
Journals appear in the list according to the date that the journal was first published.
Journals appear to promote professional debate as well as publicize small scale successes.
Journals are a critical reference source.
Journals are a critical resource for scholarly research.
Journals are a good parallel for Psychology class.
Journals are a great place to start doing research.
Journals are a less formal kind of writing than essays, stories or poetry.
Journals are a major part of a students grade.
Journals are a particular kind of periodical that are cited differently than popular magazines.
Journals are a record of each business transaction in the business' supporting records.
Journals are a source for reviews of new books rather than building a collection.
Journals are a source of the most current and up to date information.
Journals are a special kind of magazine.
Journals are a useful source of current information because they are published frequently.
Journals are a wonderful way to teach gratitude and thankfulness.
Journals are alphabetical by title.
Journals are also a big plus, according to another associate.
Journals are also a component of the seminar evaluation.
Journals are also a means of communicating results to a wider audience.
Journals are also an excellent source of information.
Journals are also available online on the Fast Track .
Journals are also essential for recording water quality analysis data.
Journals are also great tools that can be used to reflect upon previous acts or scenes.
Journals are also the physician's most frequent and accessible form of continuing education.
Journals are always due as they are indicated on the daily schedule.
Journals are an additional course requirement.
Journals are an advanced form of freewriting.
Journals are an effective way to integrate learning across the curriculum.
Journals are an effective way to record ideas that one thinks of spontaneously.
Journals are an excellent method for incorporating reflecting into the curriculum.
Journals are an excellent way to encourage student reflection.
Journals are an excellent way to find information on current changes, developments and debates.
Journals are an important resource for gathering company information.
Journals are another great tool for learning.
Journals are another important resource for accounting students, especially at the graduate level.
Journals are available by subscription from the publisher.
Journals are available for ordering.
Journals are available for photocopy or in-library use.
Journals are available for preview or checkout.
Journals are available in criminal law, behavior, violence, and social problems.
Journals are available in the Article Reprints section.
Journals are available in university library for reference.
Journals are axles.
Journals are books.
Journals are both in our stacks and on line.
Journals are complicated things.
Journals are currently available from a number of academic publishers.
Journals are different from magazines because of the kind of audiences to which they are addressed.
Journals are due .
Journals are due at each scheduled class meeting.
Journals are due at the beginning of class on the assigned day.
Journals are due at the beginning of class or they are considered to be late.
Journals are due at the beginning of class.
Journals are due at the beginning of each class.
Journals are due at the beginning of the class period.
Journals are due at the end of every other week .
Journals are due at the end of the class period.
Journals are due at the start of the next class meeting.
Journals are due before taking each exam.
Journals are due each week, delivered to the internship director.
Journals are due every at class time on Thursdays.
Journals are due every class period except when the paper is due.
Journals are due every day a chapter test is given.
Journals are due every week there is no paper due.
Journals are due in class.
Journals are due next class period.
Journals are due no later than the last week of class.
Journals are due on the following dates in class.
Journals are due on the last class day of the week.
Journals are due the last scheduled class meeting.
Journals are due three months after entry into host culture.
Journals are due twice a trimester.
Journals are due.
Journals are Due.
Journals are easier to find and more useful in their portion of the dmoz tree.
Journals are electronic journals available on the Web.
Journals are first of all repositories of past scholarship.
Journals are for dumping.
Journals are for in-library use only.
Journals are for library use only.
Journals are for reading in the library only.
Journals are for reference only .
Journals are for reference only.
Journals are for reference use only and are arranged alphabetically within subject.
Journals are for reference use only.
Journals are for use in the library only.
Journals are forums for storing finished products.
Journals are free of advertisements.
Journals are from medical, osteopathic, physical therapy, chiropractic, and other disciplines.
Journals are full of dense text.
Journals are good places to start.
Journals are good.
Journals are great sources for any essay.
Journals are high use items in many libraries and difficult to replace if lost.
Journals are in alphabetic order by title and include journal abbreviation.
Journals are in alphabetical order by title on the north side of the library.
Journals are in Spanish and English.
Journals are in the humanities and social sciences.
Journals are in the large room to the left and the readers are across the hall.
Journals are keyword searchable or access journal table of contents.
Journals are like visual diaries so they make great heirlooms.
Journals are likely to become uneconomical in paper form.
Journals are located in libraries.
Journals are magazines.
Journals are mainly from North America and Europe, and most of the articles are in English.
Journals are more difficult to understand than magazines.
Journals are more likely to be monthly, bi-monthly, or quarterly publications.
Journals are more numerous and geared strictly for speialized audiences.
Journals are more than personal diaries.
Journals are mostly humanities journals.
Journals are much more complicated than books.
Journals are non-circulating.
Journals are non-renewable.
Journals are now available in print and electronic formats.
Journals are of course very valuable to the mathematical community.
Journals are often the official or semiofficial publication of a group or society.
Journals are on all three floors, shelved alphabetically by title.
Journals are one means to support practice in writing.
Journals are one of the most commonly used reflective assignments.
Journals are password protected and archived on the site and are viewed in a secure environment.
Journals are password protected and archived on the site and are views in a secure environment.
Journals are password-protected.
Journals are perfect bound.
Journals are perhaps the single most important vehicle for dissemination of research findings.
Journals are periodicals.
Journals are personal reflections on events compiled in a folder or booklet.
Journals are personal thoughts penned by young and old of both sexes.
Journals are publications which are published on a regular basis and at least once a year.
Journals are publications which are published on a regular basis.
Journals are rather personal.
Journals are reference work.
Journals are scanned, so they include full page images that look just like the original.
Journals are scholarly in nature.
Journals are scholarly magazines published by and for professionals in specialized fields.
Journals are scholarly publications containing reports of research conducted in a particular field.
Journals are searchable as a group by subject.
Journals are searchable by article and by issue, as well as by author and keyword.
Journals are searchable by the journal title only.
Journals are searchable by title, author, and words in the abstract or anywhere in the article.
Journals are similar to magazines but the material is usually written by experts for experts.
Journals are specialized, scholarly publications written by authorities in the field.
Journals are the best place to find detailed information and specific examples.
Journals are the best source for current information on a topic.
Journals are the most heavily cited format.
Journals are the most important for scholarly information.
Journals are the most important source of new information.
Journals are their scholarly lifeblood so adaptation to change takes some time.
Journals are to be both descriptive and reflective.
Journals are to be completed and kept as a part of the development of a portfolio.
Journals are to be completed weekly.
Journals are to be dated and paginated.
Journals are to be e-mailed to the instructor in the format provided.
Journals are to be filled with meaningful things if real benefits are to be reaped.
Journals are to be kept in the library except while photocopying.
Journals are to be kept on the computer.
Journals are to be kept regularly and shared with the instructor.
Journals are to be posted promptly.
Journals are to be submitted at midterm and final term for evaluation by the course instructor.
Journals are to be submitted for review twice during the semester.
Journals are to be turned in on due dates.
Journals are to be turned in periodically.
Journals are to be turned in regularly.
Journals are to be turned in with every map test.
Journals are to be used in the library only.
Journals are to be written in black or blue ink.
Journals are to reflect both thoughts and feelings.
Journals are too slow.
Journals are typically off the shelf for six weeks for the binding process.
Journals are unbound.
Journals are useful learning tools in a variety of adult education settings.
Journals are usually peer-reviewed, rather than using only the editor.
Journals are usually scholarly or professional sources.
Journals are valuable tools, enabling students to develop and enhance their evaluative skills.
Journals are very interested in papers about crossing cultures.
Journals are very private documents.
Journals are welcome to join, too.
Journals are wonderful gifts for teen and adults.
Journals are, and always have been, published primarily for library usage.
Journals become available a fixed time after publication, varying according to publisher or title.
Journals Buy most popular research journal.
Journals can also assist students to better understand what has been taught.
Journals can also be a stress reliever.
Journals can also lead to fruitful comparisons with other works read so far in the course.
Journals can also request revision of a review for editorial or content reasons.
Journals can be a very beneficial tool to a beginning writer.
Journals can be a wonderful way to discover history.
Journals can be as simple as a spiral bound notebook or as fancy as a cloth covered book.
Journals can be both of paper and electronic form, electronic only, online and interactive.
Journals can be either a spiral notebook or hardcover, lined or unlined.
Journals can be either hand-written or typed.
Journals can be open ended allowing students the freedom to write as they wish.
Journals can be personal responses.
Journals can be public or private.
Journals can be spiral notebooks or paper stapled together with a designed cover.
Journals can be the catalyst for developing a method of learning that can last a lifetime.
Journals can be too casual, too slack.
Journals can be tools for self-reflection and offer opportunities to teach all six traits.
Journals can be very helpful in the learning process.
Journals can become important documentation if legal action later becomes necessary.
Journals can contain poetry, landscape drawings, maps, lost dog posters etc.
Journals can exist without paper.
Journals can help enormously by generally supporting efforts to systematize names.
Journals can include text, drawings, notation, and more.
Journals can save a lot of heartache.
Journals can take any form.
Journals can transmit necessary research articles in a matter of months.
Journals carry the write-up of a study, including the authors' summary of findings.
Journals change names and are sold to different publishing houses.
Journals change with the students' ability to write smaller words and longer sentences.
Journals change with the students, ability to write smaller words and longer sentences.
Journals circulate for one hour ONLY, regardless of borrower status.
Journals circulate for two days with renewals.
Journals circulate overnight.
Journals come and go in prominence.
Journals come in many forms.
Journals compete for manuscripts.
Journals constitute a sizable part of the total course grade.
Journals contain information.
Journals contain much useful information.
Journals contain original research, and, equally important, citations of earlier work.
Journals contain precise records that can be used by administrators for logging and audit purposes.
Journals contain the procedural information of the process of legislative events.
Journals contain the procedural information of the process of legislativeevents.
Journals contain useful information.
Journals continue to be accessible through our many electronic databases.
Journals cover a wide range of subjects and disciplines.
Journals cover economics, finance, human resources, management, marketing, and strategy.
Journals cover most academic subjects.
Journals cover subjects in more depth than magazines.
Journals cross of a arizona game and fish.
Journals currently limit, rather than facilitate, scientific communication.
Journals deal with matters of current interest, or with specialist subjects.
Journals devote increasing space to articles on ethnic-minority research and clinical concerns.
Journals differ in their policies about what information is available on-line.
Journals do mathematicians a favor by being the vehicles for our dialog.
Journals double down video poker.
Journals encourage wonder and curiosity.
Journals enhance the prestige and visibility of the sponsoring organizations.
Journals even look different than magazines.
Journals Find people.
Journals focus on a wide range of social science specialties.
Journals follow suit by affording relatively little or no space to the subject of communication.
Journals generally have no pictures, unlike popular magazines.
Journals give insight to upcoming movies and past reviews.
Journals go home.
Journals has links to many popular journal web sites, some of which possess full text online.
Journals have a limited loan period.
Journals have a shelf life of about a month or so, and then can be hard to locate for study.
Journals have pages.
Journals have templates.
Journals have unique power.
Journals Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Journals include announcements.
Journals include news.
Journals indexed include Russian, Japanese, American and European.
Journals learn among whatever six yet fled gas grills.
Journals list .
Journals listed are available through the following databases.
Journals listed below are free even if the deadline has passed.
Journals listings online.
Journals Lists a very large number of general and specialized linguistics journals.
Journals manage among the knife indeed deliver grilled cheese sandwich.
Journals manage among the knife indeed deliver pasta and vegetables.
Journals marked by an asterisk are freely available to anyone.
Journals normally contain research papers based on research conducted by academics in the field.
Journals occasionally review state laws in a particular area.
Journals ought to be one full page, single spaced, typed.
Journals owe before lots sports injury.
Journals Pick a page of interest.
Journals promote writing in a myriad of ways both in and out of class.
Journals prove to be by far the most popular form in which to preserve our thoughts.
Journals provide a means of communication among scholars and other experts.
Journals provide a place to work out strategies for solving critical problems.
Journals provide a safe place where students can develop their voice and exercise their thinking.
Journals provide access to a group of the society's full-text journals.
Journals provide an avenue for integrating problem solving and writing.
Journals provide an effective way to integrate learning across the curriculum.
Journals provide audit trails and can also make recovering from some kinds of failure easier.
Journals provide audit trails and simplify recovery from many types of failure.
Journals provide essential library support in many disciplines.
Journals provide information.
Journals provide students with a quiet space in which to explore .
Journals provide students with time to be introspective and a safe space for exploring their ideas.
Journals provide the most current information on a subject.
Journals provide topics.
Journals provide unparalleled flexibility in assignments and evaluation.
Journals provide visual models for understanding concepts.
Journals publish articles written by scholars and researchers.
Journals publish observations.
Journals published by societies generally show higher impact for lower costs.
Journals raise their own issues.
Journals range from scholarly to popular treatment of subject areas.
Journals range from trade magazines to scholarly journals.
Journals record the decisions made in each house.
Journals record the proceedings and decisions made in each house.
Journals reebok soccer ball.
Journals remember with several executive staffing.
Journals remember with several great plain accounting software.
Journals remember with several hosting a luau.
Journals represent all major religions of the world.
Journals represent the second-largest expenditure.
Journals require that authors certify that the guidelines have been followed.
Journals serve a scholarly audience and have a narrow subject focus.
Journals serve an important role as repositories of medical information.
Journals serve as a means of self-expression and practice in writing.
Journals shelve in alphabetical order by title within either section.
Journals show that the latter case is true.
Journals simultaneously serve as the medium of conversation and the repository for knowledge.
Journals steer at no blackboard yet practice volunteers hats.
Journals tell of their suffering.
Journals tend to be more academic than magazines and are usually aimed at a more specific audience.
Journals tend to be published on a monthly or quarterly basis.
Journals tend to be very text oriented , without a lot of pictures or advertisements.
Journals tend to be very text oriented, without a lot of pictures or advertisements.
Journals There are no printed journals specifically dedicated to autopoietic theory.
Journals There are only two journals that specialise exclusively in environmental psychology.
Journals There is a multitude of small journals and newsletters dealing with the occult.
Journals typically get much more material submitted than they have space to publish.
Journals typically give permission information on one of the inside covers of the journal.
Journals typically refuse to publish papers that allude to animal thoughts or emotions.
Journals vary in the format used for citations.
Journals View a list of recently indexed journal articles .
Journals Welcome to our journal section.
Journals often contain very private, personal thoughts.
Journals often have an informal board of worthies who lend a publication a spurious authority.
Journals often have volume and issue numbers.
Journals often list authors by first initial rather than first name.
Journals often publish errata for errors in articles.
Journals often switch from one publisher to another.
Journals usually contain articles written by people within a single academic field.
Journals usually have an academic bent and are published on a regular basis.
Journals usually offer great amounts of information on the state of a country and people.
All journals are available in print, unless otherwise noted.
All journals are available on-line.
All journals are English language.
All journals are for reference only.
All journals are full-text unless otherwise noted.
All journals are fully searchable or are available for browsing .
All journals are fully searchable or are available for browsing.
All journals are in alphabetical order by title.
All journals are non-circulating.
All journals are on the ground floor arranged alphabetically by the title of the journal.
All journals are on the web.
All journals are only for use in the Library.
All journals are searchable, and retrieval can also be achieved via volume, page, and year.
All journals are searchable.
All journals have formatting guidelines.
All journals have one or more editors.
All journals listed are available in the United Kingdom.
All journals listed here provide tables of contents and abstracts for some issues, at least.
All journals written by workers are admissable in court.
Every journal has an international standard serial number.
Every journal has their requirements for publication.
Every journal is inspected and measured with critical accuracy.
Every journal is like an open school for both authors and readers to learn writing skills.
Every journal needs a cast page.
Every journal relates to a specific industry, product or technology area.
Every journal seems to have a philosophy on what constitutes an appropriate research paper.
Many journals often contain articles about theater production and design.
Many journals also publish book reviews.
Many journals also rely on the peer review process.
Many journals are also available free over the Internet.
Many journals are also available on the Web.
Many journals are also available online.
Many journals are available electronically.
Many journals are available in both paper and microfilm.
Many journals are available in electronic form through various sources.
Many journals are available in electronic form.
Many journals are available in full text on the Internet .
Many journals are available in Portuguese.
Many journals are available online.
Many journals are available through more than one source.
Many journals are availble online.
Many journals are now accessible in electronic format.
Many journals are now also available in electronic form.
Many journals are now available electronically full text.
Many journals are now available electronically via the Internet.
Many journals are now available electronically.
Many journals are now available in electronic form.
Many journals are now available in electronic format.
Many journals are now available in the electronic format.
Many journals are now available on the internet.
Many journals are now available on the Web.
Many journals are now available online.
Many journals are now available to members of the department online.
Many journals are now electronic or available via full text.
Many journals are now full-text online.
Many journals are still avilable only in paper.
Many journals are suitable for both primary and secondary education.
Many journals carry lists of upcoming conferences.
Many journals contain announcements for conferences.
Many journals do that kind of review.
Many journals have a page that explains their mission or the types of material they publish.
Many journals have a presence on the internet.
Many journals have maps showing the routes taken.
Many journals have more than one name.
Many journals have similar titles, and many are often abbreviated in citations.
Many journals have similar titles.
Many journals have special editions dedicated to a special topic.
Many journals have special issues dealing with industries or products.
Many journals have specifications for citing and referencing Internet sources.
Many journals have their own format.
Many journals have their own guidelines for designating multiple mutants.
Many journals have their own home page.
Many journals have their own indexes which are published as part of an issue or as a supplement.
Many journals limit the length of the abstract.
Many journals now handle submissions by e-mail, as well as other correspondence, refereeing, etc.
Many journals now have a presence on the Internet.
Many journals now provide the text of abstracts and table of contents for their issues.
Many journals now publish on-line.
Many journals now publish their articles on the Internet.
Many journals offer e-mail table of contents service .
Many journals offer subscriptions at discount prices to students.
Many journals provide abstracts of the research articles that they publish.
Many journals provide free access to the full text.
Many journals publish additional information online alongside the print version of a publication.
Many journals publish book reviews.
Many journals publish material, including peer-reviewed articles, only online.
Many journals publish meeting announcements in their conference calendars.
Many journals publish research on marriage and family issues.
Many journals refuse to publish case reports or publish a limited number of such reports.
Many journals regularly contain numerous book reviews in each issue.
Many journals request that a certain number of copies of a work be submitted.
More journals are available on other databases.
More journals come each month.
Most journals are academic.
Most journals are available free for a trial period.
Most journals are available in electronic form through the library.
Most journals are in Arabic.
Most journals are more interested that something was achieved, and less interested in how.
Most journals are static.
Most journals are subject to editorial and peer review.
Most journals ask that tables only contain only horizontal lines as borders.
Most journals begin from the first issue published.
Most journals carry some book reviews, it is impossible to give an exhaustive list.
Most journals contain information.
Most journals contain much useful information.
Most journals contain useful information.
Most journals discourage multiple submissions, but most writers do it anyway.
Most journals do have web pages.
Most journals end the volume or year with a listing of previous articles.
Most journals fall into several categories of reasons and types of journals.
Most journals focus on the humanities, theater studies and political science.
Most journals grant the student discount only for a limited number of years.
Most journals have a six month or yearly index.
Most journals have large editorial boards, and only board members review submissions.
Most journals have templates.
Most journals have their own defined citation style.
Most journals now have the links to free copies of the full article on the abstract page.
Most journals offer full-text web versions of articles previously published in printed form.
Most journals only have abstracts of articles but there are some selected full-text articles.
Most journals prefer metric with perhaps English in parentheses.
Most journals provide information.
Most journals provide topics.
Most journals publish observations.
Most journals published during the last five years circulate for four hours.
Most journals refuse to disclose profits.
Most journals reject a fair number of submissions.
Most journals require a caption.
Most journals require a subscription.
Most journals require rigorous proof of efficacy before they allow a claim to be published.
Most journals specify a certain length, a certain format, and a certain style of writing.
Some journals allow a limited number of figures.
Some journals also have their own consolidated indexes and can be a valuable source for information.
Some journals also have their own editors, who rewrite the articles for a certain tone and style.
Some journals also make embargoed information available.
Some journals also offer free preview links.
Some journals appear in both print and electronic form.
Some journals appear in more than one collection.
Some journals are accessible via packages from the journals page.
Some journals are accessible via the journal's web site.
Some journals are also available electronically.
Some journals are also available for a trial period.
Some journals are also available online .
Some journals are available electronically .
Some journals are available electronically.
Some journals are available full-text.
Some journals are available in both hard copy and on the Net.
Some journals are available in full text electronic versions.
Some journals are available in full text.
Some Journals are available in full text.
Some journals are available in more than one database.
Some journals are available in pdf as text files, while other journals are available as pdf images.
Some journals are available on microfilm in the reference area.
Some journals are available online full text.
Some journals are available online in several different databases.
Some Journals are available only in copy form.
Some journals are available only in electronic form.
Some journals are available only in microfiche located in cabinets on that floor.
Some journals are available only in the electronic form.
Some journals are available to any users upon free registration.
Some journals are available to the public and are marked as such.
Some journals are available with the full-text of articles included.
Some journals are backfile only, but most cover both current and archival issues.
Some journals are daily logs.
Some journals are downright useful.
Some journals are free online.
Some journals are full text as part of a periodical index.
Some journals are full text, many are only abstracts.
Some journals are full text.
Some journals are in full text.
Some journals are inexpensive, even the institutional costs.
Some journals are inexpensive.
Some journals are merely a diary.
Some journals are more selective about what they publish than others.
Some journals are now also available in electronic format.
Some journals are now available electronically and more are becoming available all the time.
Some journals are now available electronically.
Some journals are now available in electronic format.
Some journals are now available in full text electronically.
Some journals are now available online.
Some journals are on-line and some have searchable abstracts.
Some journals are only available electronically.
Some journals are only available online.
Some journals are only indexed but many are available fulltext including images.
Some journals are searchable in groups.
Some journals are the working notes of people who are attempting difficult work.
Some journals capitalise all first letters in mice.
Some journals change titles, merge or are absorbed by other journals.
Some journals charge thousands of dollars for one page in colour.
Some journals circulate for one week with four renewals.
Some journals contain descriptions.
Some journals contain fulltext articles.
Some journals contain only abstracts or table of contents, some have fulltext articles.
Some journals contain statements permitting certain copying for instructional, non-commercial uses.
Some journals contain versions.
Some journals cover astronomy.
Some journals covered by email alerting are available in full-text electronic format.
Some journals dealing with jobs are now available online.
Some journals describe methods.
Some journals describe research methods.
Some journals distribute PDFs for free, but others require online subscriptions.
Some journals even allow the authors to check the status of their manuscripts online.
Some journals focus on technology.
Some journals give abstracts and index only.
Some journals give little more than subscription information.
Some journals go directly to the Journal Stacks.
Some journals have a longer backlog for publication.
Some journals have a review section ex.
Some journals have annual indexes to their articles.
Some journals have both a print and an electronic version.
Some journals have contributions from abroad.
Some journals have guidelines on word usage.
Some journals have more issues than others.
Some journals have online access.
Some journals have to restrict such tools due to size.
Some journals have web-sites of their own which include full articles or abstracts.
Some journals make some articles available online for free.
Some journals now accept email submission.
Some journals offer archives of abstracts or even of entire articles.
Some journals offer inducements for contributors discount subscriptions etc.
Some journals offer only a free trial.
Some journals offer tables of contents only.
Some journals only have volume numbers while others have both volume and issue numbers.
Some journals pass over the ordeal in complete and eloquent silence.
Some journals permit full-text searching of their archives via their Web sites.
Some journals prefer Roman numerals for tables.
Some journals provide index pages only.
Some journals provide only a table of contents or summaries of articles.
Some journals provide tables of contents with selected full text.
Some journals provide volume and issue numbers, while others simply date each issue.
Some journals publish issues.
Some journals publish mainly primary literature.
Some journals publish their own cumulative indexes, which are useful in specialist areas.
Some journals require only submission of prints for their publication.
Some journals require passwords to view the full-text articles.
Some journals require plots to be exactly one or two columns wide.
Some journals require registration or paid subscription for full-text access.
Some journals require subscriptions.
Some journals require that the first names be abbreviated.
Some journals require triple stereo plots.
Some journals require users to register.
Some journals return comments with the rejected manuscripts.
Some journals routinely publish articles about new online resources.
Some journals seek to limit redistribution by the original authors too.
Some journals specialize in rapid publication of short announcements of research results.
Some journals subscribed by the library have a full text electronic version available.
Some journals supply the full text, while others provide only a table of contents and abstracts.
Some journals use their own abbreviations.
Journalism education does run the risk of being shallow.
Journalism education emphasizes the training of writers, reporters, and editors for the mass media.
Journalism education has an important role to play in the education of Arizona's young people.
Journalism education has eight vital aims.
Journalism education is a new concept in the region.
Journalism education needs a heart transplant.
Journalism education seems to have played only a minor role in their decisions to enter the field.
Journalism ethics are the subject of countless books, trade articles and seminars.
Journalism ethics asks for constant scrutiny of how our government is behaving.
Journalism history is larded with horror stories of incompetence, cant and corruption.
Journalism school is only the beginning of a lifelong process of professional education.
Journalism schools have more than enough diplomas to pass out.
Every journalism school offers students the option of the public relations concentration.
All journalism training teaches deadline survival.
Journalism allows one to touch people's hearts.
Journalism badly needs clarity.
Journalism becomes polemic and reporting becomes propaganda.
Journalism can also be contagious.
Journalism can also be excellent preparation for a variety of graduate school programs.
Journalism can be a great adventure.
Journalism can be a great way to make a living.
Journalism can be a wonderful way of life.
Journalism can establish the relevancy of other subjects.
Journalism can help empower a community or it can help disable it.
Journalism can make a difference.
Journalism can only be literature when it is passionate.
Journalism can rapidly turn, even if unwittingly, into propaganda.
Journalism classes .
Journalism constructs momentarily arrested equilibriums and gives disorder an implied order.
Journalism courses yet to be taken.
Journalism demands dedication, hard work and, sometimes, unusual hours.
Journalism depends upon factual information.
Journalism does make mistakes, everyone in the business agrees.
Journalism encourages simple story lines, but history is sloppier.
Journalism entails investigation, explanation and a point of view.
Journalism experience a plus.
Journalism favours short paragraphs that convey information in a descending order.
Journalism finds it hard to deal with good news.
Journalism focuses on theories and practices of communication through broadcast and print media.
Journalism forces the student to know the basics in nearly every social science.
Journalism helps to keep business community honest.
Journalism includes interviewing and research, writing and designing, and making decisions.
Journalism involves writing, editing, managing and producing materials for the mass media.
Journalism is a big one and so are the humanities.
Journalism is a broad career with many opportunities.
Journalism is a business.
Journalism is a calling that tries to discover and expose the truth.
Journalism is a competitive, yet highly rewarding field.
Journalism is a conversation.
Journalism is a craft.
Journalism is a critical element in any society.
Journalism is a deadline business.
Journalism is a demanding profession.
Journalism is a different form of writing in that it merely reports the facts of a particular event.
Journalism is a field which often requires a year or two of what is known as internship .
Journalism is a fourth estate .
Journalism is a function.
Journalism is a great class to take, photography is awesome.
Journalism is a hard gig.
Journalism is a major which sets high standards for the students' proficiency in English.
Journalism is a messy business.
Journalism is a moral force in a free society.
Journalism is a new minor.
Journalism is a powerful force which affects the intellectual health of the nation.
Journalism is a practical major.
Journalism is a prerequisite but can be taken concurrently.
Journalism is a prerequisite or in certain cases and teacher permission.
Journalism is a prerequisite.
Journalism is a print media
Journalism is a profession .
Journalism is a profession of many delights.
Journalism is a profession that desperately needs to be on truth support.
Journalism is a profession that requires a grounding in ethical decision-making.
Journalism is a profession with no room for the double standard.
Journalism is a public service.
Journalism is a savanna of rich, unearned success.
Journalism is a simple writing form.
Journalism is a special profession, sometimes hard for other people to understand.
Journalism is a thankless job.
Journalism is a very dynamic process.
Journalism is a very important profession and it is very much needed.
Journalism is about communication.
Journalism is about technicalities and misleading statements.
Journalism is about telling stories in a manner that people can get it.
Journalism is all about news and information.
Journalism is also a big clique.
Journalism is also a thief.
Journalism is also about analysing and interpreting events.
Journalism is also public.
Journalism is always more interesting when it is negative and in opposition, Lowry says.
Journalism is an enemy of rationality.
Journalism is an ephemeral art.
Journalism is an imperfect science.
Journalism is an integral part of the program.
Journalism is an occupation requiring analytical skills and a detailed knowledge of history.
Journalism is an odd mixture of chutzpah and humility.
Journalism is another matter.
Journalism is biased toward the negative because people tend to talk about what goes wrong.
Journalism is both process and product.
Journalism is built on fundamental principles.
Journalism is concerned properly and inescapably with daily events.
Journalism is considered a profession, like law or medicine.
Journalism is dead today.
Journalism is different.
Journalism is first of all about something .
Journalism is for the dogs.
Journalism is fraught with risks and dangers.
Journalism is full of cynics.
Journalism is fun.
Journalism is hard work.
Journalism is important, perhaps never more so.
Journalism is in a precarious time.
Journalism is independent of advertising, which falls under the domain of public relations.
Journalism is inherently collaborative .
Journalism is inherently voyeuristic.
Journalism is just another business.
Journalism is just one example of mass communication.
Journalism is just one piece of a bigger legal jurisdiction puzzle created by the Internet.
Journalism is like art, and art is a game of talent and proficiency.
Journalism is like getting married.
Journalism is literature in a hurry.
Journalism is meant to enlighten or expand the mind.
Journalism is merely history's first draft.
Journalism is more than a job.
Journalism is much more digested.
Journalism is one of the areas relevant to the country's development efforts.
Journalism is only one aspect of writing which can involve Earth Science.
Journalism is opportunist by nature.
Journalism is our profession.
Journalism is our public diary, our day book, and as such it forms our collective memory.
Journalism is part art, part literature, and very little science.
Journalism is politics.
Journalism is power.
Journalism is practices differently around the world in many different styles.
Journalism is primarily a way to tell stories.
Journalism is print mediums.
Journalism is probably the best background.
Journalism is probably the most intense school here on campus for undergraduates.
Journalism is professions.
Journalism is public service.
Journalism is referred to as the first draft of recording history.
Journalism is ruined.
Journalism is serious business.
Journalism is still a disreputable trade here.
Journalism is still a profession.
Journalism is still the same.
Journalism is supposed to be make a stab at being lucid and precise.
Journalism is supposed to be neutral.
Journalism is taught in a variety of institutes.
Journalism is taught in seminars and workshops.
Journalism is the ability to meet the challenge of filling space.
Journalism is the art or school in which most forms of communication are collected.
Journalism is the collection and periodical publication of news.
Journalism is the collection and publication of current news and information.
Journalism is the enterprise of news specialists.
Journalism is the grease that keeps the gears of democracy running.
Journalism is the key link in such discussion.
Journalism is the most dangerous profession in Turkey.
Journalism is the popular language used in pursuit of truth.
Journalism is the practice of reporting the news of the day.
Journalism is the process of ferreting out and disseminating information.
Journalism is the same.
Journalism is the ultimate expression of democracy and freedom.
Journalism is the universal force.
Journalism is to basically give news and information.
Journalism is too biased and at times, unprofessional.
Journalism is too important to be directed by anyone else.
Journalism is under constant pressure regarding class size, because of our small writing classes.
Journalism is very highly competitive.
Journalism is viewed as the disposable first draft of history.
Journalism is what gets into the papers or media.
Journalism is where it's at.
Journalism is, after all, dedicated to truth and precision.
Journalism is, after all, still a shared experience.
Journalism is, by all rights, a higher calling.
Journalism is, in most respects, the backbone of the media industry.
Journalism majors every semester.
Journalism narratives, especially long-form journalism, are overdue for attention.
Journalism needs to return to the basics.
Journalism prepares students for careers in both print and broadcast journalism.
Journalism provides an enormous opportunity for self-assessment on the part of students.
Journalism provides an int eresting life.
Journalism Provides good links to electronic journals.
Journalism provides opportunities for freelance or home-based careers.
Journalism provides the omens and sets the stage for promise of such retribution.
Journalism provides two perks no other profession can.
Journalism remains fully accredited through the current academic year.
Journalism requires hard work and a team effort.
Journalism resources .
Journalism resources available on the Internet.
Journalism serves democracy.
Journalism takes guts.
Journalism teaches students how to search for details, evaluate events, and communicate effects.
Journalism uses short paragraphs.
Journalism wears many guises.
Journalism often requires some imagination.
All journalism is a viewpoint.
All journalism is sponsored.
Any journalism begin long or short, how end whisper anyone.
Most journalism still maintains that pretense, which is bullshit.
Much journalism lacks the latter and much scholarship lacks the former.
A journalist is an author
Journalist discusses international court.
Journalist isa author.
Journalist isa writer.
Journalist posses the freedom of speech, but nearly always cover the same story.
Journalist too is a commercial enterprise.
Journalist turns union hack.
Journalists accept an atmosphere where most creative energy is devoted to the next edition.
Journalists accept the responsibility to fairly represent all points of view.
Journalists accuse the clergy of being deluded, corrupt and boring.
Journalists acknowledge the newsman's ethic of protecting confidential sources of information.
Journalists acknowledge the newsmens ethic of protecting confidential sources of information.
Journalists already are too prone to allow awards and prizes to guide their agenda.
Journalists already have a unique forum in which to express their judgments.
Journalists also can watch the debate on video monitors in the media room.
Journalists also face a whole lot of threats while pursuing their functional tasks.
Journalists also have a great deal of responsibility.
Journalists also have ethical standards about reporting on matters in which they have an interest.
Journalists also have the right to opinion and conviction, and to the expression thereof.
Journalists also keep the public on the right track by perpetuating the myth.
Journalists also manage to spin from news to politics and back.
Journalists also play a very important role.
Journalists also use the opportunity to build a network of contacts that can lead to future stories.
Journalists apply on their own.
Journalists appreciate being treated kindly, and generally do their best to reciprocate.
Journalists appreciate the assistance of corporate executives with knowledge of a subject.
Journalists approach information differently than academics do.
Journalists are a funny breed.
Journalists are a natural choice in the race to bring out a book or a movie on a major event.
Journalists are a reasonably smart bunch of people.
Journalists are a sentimental, even maudlin bunch.
Journalists are a spoilt species.
Journalists are a unique set of library users.
Journalists are accountable to their readers, listeners, viewers and each other.
Journalists are accustomed to reading stories.
Journalists are agents of plenitude as well.
Journalists are agents of the police, profit, war and state-terror around the world.
Journalists are also at risk from opposition forces.
Journalists are also busy with daily deadlines.
Journalists are also involved in advertising and public relations.
Journalists are also vultures to a certain degree, but there are journalistic ethics.
Journalists are also wary of draconian libel legislation.
Journalists are also worried about the requirement that websites register as media outlets.
Journalists are always on the look-out for a good story.
Journalists are always right.
Journalists are America's new power brokers.
Journalists are an insular group.
Journalists are another target market for the new product.
Journalists are at the heart of the movement for change.
Journalists are best at covering the news.
Journalists are busy and make schedules, just like everybody else.
Journalists are by nature a cynical lot.
Journalists are committed to uphold media ethics.
Journalists are communicators who work hard to transmit their work and information.
Journalists are concerned.
Journalists are constant alcoholics who survive on cigarettes and coffee.
Journalists are curious, but can keep a secret.
Journalists are curious, think fast, and write well.
Journalists are currently in prison in the following countries as a result of their work.
Journalists are easy pickings.
Journalists are educators with an ethical responsibility to the community.
Journalists are especially susceptible to guerrilla attack.
Journalists are essentially public servants like librarians, the police and laundry attendants.
Journalists are everywhere.
Journalists are famous for being able to compartmentalize.
Journalists are first and foremost social beings.
Journalists are free to attend the seminar.
Journalists are free to join the fray.
Journalists are free to speak and write the truth as best they can, without fear of imprisonment.
Journalists are free to use the translations as long as credit is given.
Journalists are frequently the victims of political and revenge violence.
Journalists are good people to have as friends.
Journalists are hungry for news.
Journalists are in the best position to provide fact and perspective.
Journalists are increasingly college-educated.
Journalists are increasingly subject to violence.
Journalists are insecure.
Journalists are interested in using drones for newsgathering.
Journalists are irrepressible.
Journalists are liberal.
Journalists are low-paid.
Journalists are mere purveyors of ideas and information.
Journalists are modern-day historians.
Journalists are more like soldiers than salespersons.
Journalists are more willing to air or print such situations also.
Journalists are most happy when they are kicking up dirt.
Journalists are most welcome to attend the conference.
Journalists are mostly centrist in their political orientation.
Journalists are mouthy, contentious debaters, who love a good argument.
Journalists are much freer, to express their views now.
Journalists are much less critical of themselves.
Journalists are natural skeptics.
Journalists are neither university public relations officers nor cheerleaders.
Journalists are never guilty of dumbing down or climbing on bandwagons.
Journalists are never insiders.
Journalists are never mere conduits of information.
Journalists are never on one side.
Journalists are no different.
Journalists are no exception.
Journalists are notorious for twisting and misrepresenting people's words.
Journalists are notoriously heavy-handed.
Journalists are often away from home and family for long periods in strange places.
Journalists are often busy and work to tight deadlines.
Journalists are often frantically busy.
Journalists are on safest ground when reporting about public officials.
Journalists are on savage deadlines.
Journalists are on top of the Iranian governemnts'list.
Journalists are one of many third-parties who monitor communications between buyer and seller.
Journalists are only as good as the sources they develop.
Journalists are our prime source of sporting information.
Journalists are overwhelmingly white, a majority are male, and most have graduated from college.
Journalists are part of the problem.
Journalists are part of the trouble too.
Journalists are passionate about their work and often consumed by it.
Journalists are people who have made a profession of communicating.
Journalists are people, too.
Journalists are pretty good at getting the first four into their work.
Journalists are pretty good at unearthing the undeep issues.
Journalists are purveyors and gatekeepers of public discussion.
Journalists are quick to report the latest study on hot issues like crime.
Journalists are relied upon to present news in a well-rounded, objective manner.
Journalists are remarkably unsuspicious of presidents' physiological fitness to serve.
Journalists are spectators by profession.
Journalists are still citizens, with the rights and duties of citizenship.
Journalists are still liable to prison sentences in cases of libel and publishing false information.
Journalists are the last to know.
Journalists are the ones who for years have treated conventions as a metaphor for governing.
Journalists are the people entrusted with defining reality.
Journalists are the targets of people seeking to control the truth.
Journalists are the ultimate careerists.
Journalists are the watchdogs of our nation.
Journalists are to hold an honest mirror up to society and reflect an appropriate image.
Journalists are too tied up in the petty matters to notice what really matters.
Journalists are trained to be unbiased.
Journalists are translators, collecting information and adapting it to various audiences.
Journalists are unable to substantiate the reports as access to Kosovo is now banned.
Journalists are under constant pressure and radio and TV are government-owned.
Journalists are under constant pressure to perform accurately and more quickly than ever before.
Journalists are under great pressure to meet deadlines.
Journalists are under increasing pressure to be more professional.
Journalists are usually strong supporters of the First Amendment protection of freedom of speech.
Journalists are very welcome to attend.
Journalists are very willing to pay attention to nurses.
Journalists are welcome at either venue.
Journalists are welcome to all events.
Journalists are welcome to attend as observers.
Journalists are welcome to attend the conference on any or all of the days.
Journalists are welcome to attend the conference.
Journalists are welcome to attend the launch.
Journalists are welcome to attend the Second European Conference on Space Debris.
Journalists are welcome to attend the seminar.
Journalists are welcome to attend the third European Conference on Space Debris.
Journalists are welcome to attend.
Journalists are welcome to stay for lunch to talk with delegates.
Journalists are welcome.
Journalists are worried about much more than sensationalism, though certainly that is growing.
Journalists are worried because many have confidential sources who use email from their workplaces.
Journalists are worse than apathetic, worse than deceitful, worse than derelict.
Journalists are writers.
Journalists are, at best, watchdogs in the corridors of power, operating in the public interest.
Journalists are, by profession, civic and political activists.
Journalists are, however, subject to the same laws generally applicable to all citizens.
Journalists ask for the conclusion.
Journalists ask questions.
Journalists assess Africa coverage.
Journalists assess computers' value in covering U.S. courts of appeals.
Journalists assess political developments.
Journalists assume double duties.
Journalists assume duties.
Journalists assume that if someone is making a buck, something's wrong.
Journalists attempt to stimulate their readers' imaginations.
Journalists attend as guests of the conference and are admitted to all sessions.
Journalists base their work on reliable sources.
Journalists become the chief gatekeepers of information when private contributions are restricted.
Journalists begin to take note with positive press.
Journalists believe they can make a difference.
Journalists benefit from having a conflict-resolving approach to their work.
Journalists bring many strengths to content marketing.
Journalists call for protests .
Journalists call it 'The bright eye of the Earth'.
Journalists call the shots.
Journalists can also create issues that turn into media events.
Journalists can also do a better job informing the readers about what police actually do.
Journalists can also find a treasure throve of archived audio material.
Journalists can also get the free newsletter by e-mail or fax periodically.
Journalists can also report on certain events.
Journalists can also set up interviews online by filling out our media inquiry form.
Journalists can and do redefine their product every day.
Journalists can ask for information and see the answers immediately, whether at home or on the road.
Journalists can be among the bitchiest people on earth, putting each other down with regularity.
Journalists can be marvelous allies for school reformers.
Journalists can be obstacles to access.
Journalists can be part of the solution.
Journalists can be that way.
Journalists can be wrong.
Journalists can bring the issue of segregation to public attention.
Journalists can call contacts listed on news releases.
Journalists can call the media relations division to talk with a press officer.
Journalists can choose from a variety of careers.
Journalists can complete the degree in a minimum of two years of part-time study.
Journalists can enter some private prisons via a simple phone call.
Journalists can expect a four-course lunch with wine every day.
Journalists can find out who to contact and click straight onto the relevant press officer's email.
Journalists can get information while sitting in their desks.
Journalists can give a voice to the voiceless.
Journalists can influence public opinion, but are their views an objective and studied.
Journalists can live with that.
Journalists can longer hide behind the pages of their papers.
Journalists can no more do without paradigms than they can cease writing prose.
Journalists can now follow news agendas that are more relevant to their readers.
Journalists can now send their stories to each other and to the world.
Journalists can often introduce their own biases into their writing.
Journalists can play a role, or even stop the war.
Journalists can pose their questions directly to U.S. officials sitting in a studio in Washington.
Journalists can proceed directly to the press room .
Journalists can profile themselves to receive the news that pertains to the beats they cover.
Journalists can register for free and create user profiles that reflect their beat.
Journalists can search by name, affiliation, city or state.
Journalists can search stories by publication, state, date and headline keyword.
Journalists can send up to five entries for the competition.
Journalists can spot a phony or shady practice a mile off.
Journalists can t ignore such hooks.
Journalists can use it to write newspaper and magazine articles.
Journalists can view the latest press releases online at our press information page .
Journalists can visit with their press card, or as a tourist.
Journalists can wear expensive shoes and have the best training advice and stumble.
Journalists carry the equipment in a box the size of a briefcase.
Journalists carry the videophone equipment in a box the size of a briefcase.
Journalists certainly have faults.
Journalists claim they are immune to power worship.
Journalists come and go, mostly go.
Journalists compete for the news - until deadline.
Journalists conclude interviews, as needed.
Journalists concur with their judgment.
Journalists condemn it.
Journalists consider that some deputies are also killed.
Journalists constantly interact with people and often deal with controversy.
Journalists continue to be threatened, as well as judges.
Journalists continue to face regular intimidation.
Journalists continue to see the watchdog role as central to their work.
Journalists cover misery and misfortune because people find it interesting, compelling or important.
Journalists cover particular topics.
Journalists cover reality and help create it.
Journalists cover topics.
Journalists covering drug trafficking continue to suffer reprisals for their work.
Journalists covering organized crime continue to receive threats to their safety and welfare.
Journalists covering small business and international trade can access additional information.
Journalists covering the presidential election check four tracking polls every day.
Journalists covering the serious race give the yacht few mentions after that.
Journalists create confusion by uncritically reporting the artful claims of the administration.
Journalists criticise new draft media law.
Journalists decide every day what goes into a paper and what stays out.
Journalists declare a victory for media freedom.
Journalists defend their own - just like they accuse the military of.
Journalists delude themselves into thinking it exists.
Journalists depend on the public's trust to do their work.
Journalists describe society to itself.
Journalists discover news and report it.
Journalists discover what sticks and what sinks.
Journalists discuss reporting from the battlefield.
Journalists discuss reporting from Vietnam's battlefields.
Journalists do it on a tight timetable.
Journalists do it on the front page.
Journalists do it with cameras and tape recorders.
Journalists do it with special editions.
Journalists do make a difference.
Journalists do that every day.
Journalists do the same thing if something seems off kilter in their research.
Journalists do what no other professionals do in a free society.
Journalists don t have time to wade through the hundreds of press releases received daily.
Journalists don t have to be stenographers at an infomercial.
Journalists dream of big dramatic stories to cover and dark truths to expose.
Journalists embrace e-books.
Journalists encounter stories in every realm of human endeavor.
Journalists endure harassment, beatings and closures of their news media outlets.
Journalists enjoy freedom of the press and educators have academic freedom.
Journalists enjoy meeting their readers.
Journalists especially find it makes a cleaner story.
Journalists even have conventions there.
Journalists everywhere have a universal bond-they are all the same.
Journalists everywhere have a vital role to provide the public with knowledge and understanding.
Journalists everywhere question all sorts of funding.
Journalists examine the state of press freedoms in Argentina.
Journalists examine the state of press freedoms in Russia.
Journalists explain events.
Journalists face danger when cops co-opt cameras.
Journalists face many risks and dangers for practicing their profession.
Journalists face the same problem.
Journalists face unreasonable conflict Objective journalism.
Journalists fear they are slowly losing the battle for press freedom.
Journalists feed the climate that allows a class action suit to happen.
Journalists feel less bound to be impartial.
Journalists fill newspaper and the airwaves with stories playing on fear.
Journalists find that responding to readers via e-mail is part of the job.
Journalists find themselves increasingly drawn into the commercial strategies of their employers.
Journalists follow a formula to write articles.
Journalists follow fire engines and go to shooting scenes.
Journalists freely admit they have come away with a more balanced view of the shooting sports.
Journalists furnish their newspapers and magazines with quantities of verbiage.
Journalists generally give high marks to their paper's commitment to diversity.
Journalists get a whiff of it themselves if they are covering conflicts.
Journalists get hundreds of releases each week.
Journalists get it for a quarter.
Journalists go from one bombing to another.
Journalists go missing or are imprisoned without cause.
Journalists go over there, and all they see is the devastation.
Journalists go where the information is easiest to find.
Journalists hang upon their every cough and facial twitch.
Journalists hate to admit it, but beating up the press is a populist gambit.
Journalists have (part) arms.
Journalists have (part) body substances.
Journalists have (part) cell membranes.
Journalists have (part) cells.
Journalists have (part) corpi.
Journalists have (part) cytoplasm.
Journalists have (part) heads.
Journalists have (part) human bodies.
Journalists have (part) legs.
Journalists have (part) material bodies.
Journalists have (part) necks.
Journalists have (part) nuclei.
Journalists have (part) personality.
Journalists have (part) plasma membranes.
Journalists have (part) sections.
Journalists have (part) vacuoles.
Journalists have a difficult job.
Journalists have a duty to avoid conflicts of interest whether real or perceived.
Journalists have a duty to uncover and highlight misdeeds.
Journalists have a heavy burden.
Journalists have a mixed record in reporting about character.
Journalists have a moral choice to subordinate themselves to corporate power or to challenge it.
Journalists have a responsibility to inform the public with fairness, objectivity and accuracy.
Journalists have a responsibility to provide that background.
Journalists have a right to do their job without constant harassment.
Journalists have a special obligation to preserve and strengthen freedom of speech and the press.
Journalists have a surprisingly similar job when analyzed in that light.
Journalists have a tendency to be a mobile lot.
Journalists have access to a great deal of embargoed medical research.
Journalists have an obligation here.
Journalists have an obligation to strive for unbiased coverage of an event.
Journalists have deadlines.
Journalists have extra reason to shake their heads.
Journalists have gripes of our own.
Journalists have knowledge.
Journalists have newspaper readers and publishers as their public.
Journalists have no effect on banana cards.
Journalists have no recognized sources with which they can balance their stories.
Journalists have no responsibility or power.
Journalists have one of the highest alcoholism and suicide rates of all occupations.
Journalists have power.
Journalists have specific responsibilities in revealing the identity of crime victims.
Journalists have the right to acquire information and statistics from their original sources.
Journalists have the right to obtain information, to publish, and to criticize.
Journalists have the right to obtain news and information according to the regulations set by law.
Journalists have the right to resist compulsion to intrude.
Journalists have the same problem.
Journalists have to admit that their bias leads to slanted reporting.
Journalists have to be selective.
Journalists have to deal with it more than others.
Journalists have to give in to the demand of viewer ratings and outside pressures.
Journalists have to use all types of tricks to pry information from officials.
Journalists have, more than once, become such targets.
Journalists hold solemn symposia on the corrosiveness of the journalism of scandal.
Journalists hover, clutching mobile phones while school children stare.
Journalists increasingly use the system to file reports.
Journalists investigate and write about crime daily.
Journalists know how to cover the calamities.
Journalists know it as a form of writing aimed at storytelling.
Journalists know it.
Journalists know that some of the readers drop out of read, after each paragraph.
Journalists know their constituents have a massive appetite for tabloid grist.
Journalists know what they want to ask, are up to date on the news, are rational.
Journalists lack effective legal protection.
Journalists lead anti-government march .
Journalists learn to write with coherence and clarity, and deadlines teach discipline.
Journalists like to be informed about potential stories.
Journalists listen to a renown keynote speaker and then attend workshop sessions about yearbooks.
Journalists live for the big story.
Journalists live in a cocoon that has nothing to do with the real world.
Journalists log in here .
Journalists loiter in hopes of a sound bite.
Journalists look for exceptions.
Journalists look for stories that symbolize trends or turning points.
Journalists look for the more sensational elements of a story, but they ask the same interrogatives.
Journalists look to government officials to provide authoritative framing for stories.
Journalists love a good fight and a convention where something real happens for a change.
Journalists love a good fight.
Journalists love all the photo opportunities with cute, smiling kids.
Journalists love categories.
Journalists love letters.
Journalists love negative quotes.
Journalists love the subject.
Journalists love to create heroes and unmask hypocrites.
Journalists love to say that programmers are going to be the rock stars of the Internet age.
Journalists make the public wiser with each story they write.
Journalists make the worst patients.
Journalists make themselves free of obligations to other interests.
Journalists manipulate opinion as well.
Journalists miss out on some of the most well-read and compelling stories around.
Journalists miss stories all the time.
Journalists navigate mixed messages.
Journalists normally report on what is said and done, rather than what they imagine.
Journalists now agree that something is wrong with their profession.
Journalists now identify with the rich in a way they perhaps never have before.
Journalists object to end of Russian, French broadcasts.
Journalists occasionally drop in, but the media horde is long gone.
Journalists only get a very small part of each story right.
Journalists operate under tight deadlines.
Journalists ordinarily accept the trustee model as the only alternative to market-driven journalism.
Journalists ought to be aware they are pouring gasoline on a fire they have already fanned.
Journalists outshout their hosts to score the show's last bon mot.
Journalists pay their own travel, meal and lodging expenses.
Journalists perpetuate the myth that white and black women are natural allies.
Journalists place the most important elements of a story in the first paragraph.
Journalists play a central role in the dissemination of information to the public.
Journalists pose serious questions about the future of the monarchy.
Journalists pounce on tragedy.
Journalists practice considerable self-censorship.
Journalists practice self-censorship.
Journalists Preparing a survey on new themes involves the identification of key concepts.
Journalists Promote A Distorted View Of Reality.
Journalists properly remain vigorous in defence of their 'freedoms'.
Journalists protest Croatian authorities grip on media.
Journalists protest, others support FSLN decision.
Journalists publish press releases to a shocking degree.
Journalists quickly gaffer tape microphones, whisper on mobile telephones or adjust camera angles.
Journalists raise that nontrivial question repeatedly because almost everyone has an opinion.
Journalists reach for polls.
Journalists receive copies free of charge and there is a charge for other subscribers.
Journalists receive copies.
Journalists receive FREE copies.
Journalists rely on guarantees of anonymity to shield their sources from disclosure.
Journalists rely on tip-offs.
Journalists rely upon scientists and policy makers to provide reliable information on the problem.
Journalists report and analyze the latest in popular or avant-garde arts and styles.
Journalists report on events.
Journalists report stories.
Journalists report two sides of a story and believe it's fair and balanced.
Journalists report two sides of a story and believe it's fair.
Journalists report what they see.
Journalists report, write, edit, photograph or broadcast the news for a news-gathering organization.
Journalists reporting on news intervene into the conflict.
Journalists require accreditation to work in parliament.
Journalists reside in cities.
Journalists resist thinking about what they do.
Journalists respond with their own set of complaints about libel lawsuits.
Journalists risk prosecution.
Journalists rotate through all news divisions in Atlanta.
Journalists rounds, or beats, are only of the major news sources.
Journalists routinely recycle enough to make any environmentalist proud.
Journalists say more and more analysts, meanwhile, are asking for more and more money.
Journalists say one thing, scientists want funding and politicians want bandwagons.
Journalists say press freedom and freedom of speech are compromised.
Journalists say that interviews are the best way to extract information from news sources.
Journalists say that responding to readers is part of the job.
Journalists say their safety is improving.
Journalists seek alternative routes, turning when they can to satellite television and the Internet.
Journalists seek comment.
Journalists seek sensational stories.
Journalists seek stories.
Journalists seem able to find something depressing in the happiest of stories.
Journalists seem to describe cults in terms like bizarre, suicidal, secretive, and fanatical.
Journalists seem to have lost some perspective when reporting on tobacco.
Journalists seem to prefer the traditional, broader appeal.
Journalists select and organize content and thereby add value to it.
Journalists sensationalize stories to get attention.
Journalists serve as liaisons between the military and the public and media.
Journalists shun that idea.
Journalists speak out.
Journalists Speak Out.
Journalists specialize in subjects.
Journalists spot even more.
Journalists spurn the informational black holes that populate corporate PR areas.
Journalists start every day having no idea where they're going to be before the day is over.
Journalists still die because of their work.
Journalists still have a village mentality.
Journalists still seek the truth.
Journalists still suffer from limited access to information.
Journalists struggle to report what is happening without causing panic.
Journalists submit queries seeking experts for specific editorial projects.
Journalists sway opinions in specific stories.
Journalists take a deeper look at real people's struggles in Interview with Reality .
Journalists take many risks for their career.
Journalists tell people about all the exciting things that are going on in the world.
Journalists tell people who and what is most important.
Journalists tend to be proud of new design elements, better organization and enhanced features.
Journalists tend to believe in truth, justice and fairness, balance, and accuracy.
Journalists tend to eulogize the coverage of decades past.
Journalists tend to eye the wider, more public world warily.
Journalists tend to get cynical about such things.
Journalists tend to look to competing interest groups to define the issues they cover.
Journalists tend to make vote buying seem commonplace.
Journalists tend to report the first information they get.
Journalists tend to resist government interference.
Journalists tend to specialize because of their own interests or their assignments.
Journalists tend to think of news as a disruption of the status quo.
Journalists tend to think only of writing or reporting.
Journalists tend to turn to where the noise is.
Journalists then address the topic of press freedom and media responsibility.
Journalists think carefully about their audience and communicate accordingly.
Journalists too have to make that determination.
Journalists try to evaluate outcomes by asking which side won.
Journalists try to explain it.
Journalists try to make sense of it all.
Journalists typically thrive under it.
Journalists typically write the articles in popular magazines.
Journalists undergo investigation if they raise the Syrian oppression issue.
Journalists use as many quotes as possible.
Journalists use computer records to analyze data in new ways.
Journalists use it so often it has become part of our common language.
Journalists use many different styles of leads, depending on the situation.
Journalists use of Net increases according to report.
Journalists use the computer system when producing their articles.
Journalists use their subjects.
Journalists vex in the normal course of their work.
Journalists view the proposed law as an attack on press freedom.
Journalists volunteer to go into war zones.
Journalists want credit.
Journalists win far more cases than they lose.
Journalists work hard to become trained political, arts or sports reporters.
Journalists work in an environment of deadlines.
Journalists work in an industry that has become increasingly time-sensitive.
Journalists work in the media center.
Journalists work on deadline.
Journalists work on tight deadlines.
Journalists work under varying conditions and deadlines.
Journalists work with scientists and policy experts in the field and laboratory.
Journalists work with very short timelines.
Journalists working in Kashmir face some of the most dangerous conditions.
Journalists working in rural Asia have a problem with respect.
Journalists working in the official media are also vulnerable to human rights abuses.
Journalists write articles and reports on current events.
Journalists write articles based on a number of sources.
Journalists write blowouts about dot-com failures.
Journalists write books.
Journalists write pieces on current events, then the site offers possibilities to discuss the item.
Journalists write the first rough draft of history.
Journalists write the libretto.
Journalists write the stories because they feel compelled to do so.
Journalists always know where the power lies, nudge nudge, wink wink.
Journalists always look for fresh, provocative story ideas.
Journalists frequently blame street violence on the influence of gangs.
Journalists frequently discuss ethics in their work.
Journalists frequently use that device to save space and cut down on words.
Journalists often are uncomfortable with ambiguity.
Journalists often ask.
Journalists often complain that they have no one to go to outside of government.
Journalists often exercise self-censorship.
Journalists often face the same dilemma.
Journalists often introduce an article using a Nabokov quotation for substance or color.
Journalists often note the nation's racial tension.
Journalists often play up negative facts to make subjects look bad.
Journalists often protect crime victims to prevent magnifying the harm the victim has undergone.
Journalists often push anti-environmental positions for their novelty value.
Journalists often rely upon codes of ethics that they have developed and followed for years.
Journalists often seek controversy as a centerpiece for their articles.
Journalists often seize on the most dramatic pronouncement in a research report.
Journalists often spend time in court, defending themselves against libel suits.
Journalists often work their own opinions into interviews.
Journalists often write articles that have story elements and vice versa.
Journalists sometimes forget that.
Journalists sometimes place undue emphasis on actual-happening creating authenticity.
Journalists sometimes question assumptions about the way that power is exercised.
Journalists usually accept engagements with a disclaimer for breaking news or a developing story.
Journalists usually confirm information they plan to use with several independent sources, in fact.
Journalists usually have the last word.
Journalists usually operate on a deadline.
All journalists are lazy.
All journalists are stalkers of a sort, pursuing their quarry.
All journalists are welcome to attend.
All journalists complain, and British political journalists complain as much as any.
All journalists deserve prizes, if only for trying.
All journalists do.
All journalists drink heavily.
All journalists eat badly, do little exercise, and have an unhealthy lifestyle.
All journalists feast on hypocrites.
All journalists go to the pub every lunchtime and every evening, and sometimes even in the morning.
All journalists have a political prejudices.
All journalists have is their name.
All journalists have scruffy shoes.
All journalists know that asking the right question is the essential part of an interview.
All journalists know that it's never enough to get it wrong.
All journalists know that scares make good stories.
All journalists learn to love, or at least appreciate, deadlines.
All journalists make mistakes.
All journalists receive the full amount they charge for an article.
All journalists seem to read certain publications when searching for stories.
All journalists smoke.
All journalists swear profusely.
All journalists wear raincoats.
All journalists welcome.
Every journalist has a duty to tell, adhere to, adore and faithfully defend, the truth.
Every journalist has then access to it.
Every journalist has to learn how to perform under tight deadline pressure.
Every journalist is a moralist.
Every journalist is free to decide what is wrong or right, ethical or unethical.
Every journalist needs to be able to see through various lenses.
Every journalist needs to be an evangelist.
Every journalist observes, interviews and then ultimately reports on the events they witnessed.
Every journalist plays some part in the fight for access.
Every journalist wants to break a story.
Many journalists acquire skills through apprenticeship.
Many journalists are category six.
Many journalists are convinced that it does.
Many journalists are freelancers or work from home, typically using slow dial-up connections.
Many journalists are idealists at heart.
Many journalists are in jail.
Many journalists are in uproar over the proposed law which was thrown open for debate six weeks ago.
Many journalists are, too.
Many journalists choose to enter fields such as public relations and advertising.
Many journalists deny that the media has a bias against gun rights.
Many journalists disagree with the practice.
Many journalists face imprisonment.
Many journalists get the most basic things wrong all the time.
Many journalists go there, just to see new films and all the Asian stuff goes there.
Many journalists have the latest desktop computers and browsers.
Many journalists jealously guard their sources of news tips and inspiration.
Many journalists just love to hang out with the powerful they love it.
Many journalists like to hold themselves apart from the shlockmeisters of pop culture.
Many journalists look for stories rooted in conflict, error and injustice.
Many journalists meet, discuss, and question current political issues at a press conference.
Many journalists seeking truth turn to poetry.
Many journalists tend to live on the dark side anyway.
Many journalists think that all good journalism is investigative journalism.
Many journalists work hard to become trained political, arts or sports reporters.
Many journalists work in private enterprise, but all have thesepublic responsibilities.
Many journalists worry that always finding fault creates apathy and cynicism among readers.
More journalists now work for public relation firms than for media companies.
Most journalists are flagellants by nature.
Most Journalists are on the low-end of the pay scale.
Most journalists are opposed to term limits.
Most journalists are terrific with students.
Most journalists assume double duties.
Most journalists assume duties.
Most journalists believe the jury is out on online newspapers.
Most journalists belong to unions which are related in various ways to political parties.
Most journalists can identify a sociologist or medical doctor as a resource.
Most journalists cover particular topics.
Most journalists cover topics.
Most journalists dismiss such charges of liberal bias as a stale stereotype.
Most journalists engage in hidden advertising to supplement their incomes.
Most journalists engage in hidden advertising.
Most journalists explain events.
Most journalists face interest groups who seek to influence what they report and how they report it.
Most journalists have a pretty good idea of what's public under the act.
Most journalists have knowledge.
Most journalists have zero special training in finance.
Most journalists just ask for the executive summary.
Most journalists look forward to writing a book when they find the time.
Most journalists nowadays begin their careers after obtaining a degree.
Most journalists only go a few miles deep over the border and stay in the camps.
Most journalists receive copies.
Most journalists refrain from criticising the government and from covering human rights abuses.
Most journalists reside in cities.
Most journalists rightly pride themselves on shining a clear light on the workings of government.
Most journalists seek sensational stories.
Most journalists seek stories.
Most journalists specialize in subjects.
Most journalists start in the newsroom and progress quickly to reporting.
Most journalists strive to do the right thing.
Most journalists take that responsibility very seriously.
Most journalists take their jobs seriously.
Most journalists understand that a little spin is inevitable.
Most journalists write books.
Some journalists also consider themselves intellectually superior toward the public.
Some journalists also interpret the news or offer opinions to readers, viewers, or listeners.
Some journalists are clearly disappointed.
Some journalists are critical of the arrangement.
Some Journalists Are More Equal Than Others.
Some journalists are more graceful than others in blowing-off noodgy PR types.
Some journalists argue that's the case.
Some journalists ask to be elsewhere deployed.
Some journalists believe their hard line is rooted in idealism.
Some journalists booed, while mainland officials in the balcony applauded.
Some journalists close mouths.
Some journalists continue attention.
Some journalists do cut corners on their way to what seems like a hot story.
Some journalists do make an effort to break free.
Some journalists feel they have to dramatize the news.
Some journalists feel TV has a responsibility to cover a lethal injection.
Some journalists find themselves traveling to report from war zones and other dangerous places.
Some journalists get in trouble for stock trades and muckraking.
Some journalists have an inferiority feeling.
Some journalists have what they call a bullshit detector.
Some journalists just write articles.
Some journalists participate in ceremony.
Some journalists prefer e-mail press releases to paper, faxes and the telephone.
Some journalists say they believe the authorities are monitoring their telephone calls.
Some journalists see the chamber as an effective bolster for the sluggish, overwhelmed court system.
Some journalists seem eager to exonerate the former senator.
Some journalists shoot to death.
Some journalists steadfastly maintain that there is no place in our business for our own agenda.
Some journalists still use concocted figures that have no basis in fact.
Some journalists suggest that if the protests are organized they are somehow less legitimate.
Some journalists view the impeachment vote as some sort of validation.
Some journalists work for years before they get their own column.
Some journalists work in districts.
Journalistic accounts confirm it.
Journalistic codes are, for the most part, unenforceable.
Journalistic communication can require public ownership and private responsibility.
Journalistic contributions are always welcome.
Journalistic distance gives way early to compassionate involvement.
Journalistic enterprises run best when writers and editors have a lot of autonomy.
Journalistic ethics are a major concern in health reporting.
Journalistic excellence demands that readiness.
Journalistic excellence is the standard.
Journalistic experience is preferred.
Journalistic freedom has very quickly become a tasty morsel.
Journalistic integrity demands a response to the truth.
Journalistic integrity is of the utmost importance.
Journalistic internships are open only to majors and minors.
Most journalistic interviews are like that.
Journalistic law is offered in conjunction with the political science department.
Journalistic objectivity is a myth.
Journalistic objectivity seems to be under attack from several sources.
Journalistic prose is the paradigm of writing.
Journalistic prose is to the point.
Journalistic prose uses short paragraphs to make a dramatic point.
Journalistic sources tend to vary greatly.
Many journalistic sources tend to emphasize currency and speed with accuracy tending to follow.
Journalistic standards are abysmal.
Journalistic standards require citation of a story s source.
Journalistic structure does just the opposite.
Journalistic writing makes extensive use of inverted paragraph structure.
Journalistic writing possesses certain guidelines and criteria.
Journalistic writing remains fundamental to areas as dissimilar as public relations and history.
Journals articles are unfortunately a bit complicated to deal with right now.
Journals entries are due each week.
Journey time including border formalities is approximately six hours.
Journey time is about an hour.
Journey time is approx.
Journey time is approximately eight hours.
Journey time is approximately one and a half hours.
Journey time is approximately one hour from the capital.
Journey time is approximately one hour.
Journey time is approximately two hours.
Journey time is currently three and a half hours city to city.
Journey time takes approx.
Journey times are another problem.
Journey times are approx.
Journey times are now shorter than ever.
Journey times vary with the day of the week and time of travel.
Journey times vary.
All journey times are approximate due to tidal movements.
Many journey workers advance to become supervisors or superintendents.
A journey is travel
Journey announces plans to reunite for an album and possibly a tour.
Journey details An unknown facility is mostly a telephone number of a German ICE train.
Journey does have thunderstorm anxiety, and likes to be near someone during a storm.
Journey enjoys photographs so much.
Journey goes beyond the restraints of physical time and space.
Journey is a free monthly newsletter for journal writers.
Journey is a quieter album.
Journey is for anybody with previous college-level retreat experience.
Journey is hilarious.
Journey is one of the best in the genre.
Journey is one of the few bands that sound as good in the nineties as they did in the eighties.
Journey is one outlet, but it is only offered once a year.
Journey is open to any student of any Christian denomination.
Journey is round trip from Newark, New Jersey airport.
Journey is sent free to subscribers who request it.
Journey is Ss.
Journey isa action.
Journey overseas is distinct possibility in the near future.
Journey provides under many sound however spend dutalier rocking chairs.
Journey running is another aspect of the sport.
Journey say they've got a lot in common with Las Vegas, where they headlined over the weekend.
Journey searches photographs for answers.
Journey still is just about the greatest sounding group - both instrumentally and with their vocals.
Journey stir underneath none bud unless calculate ski doo jet ski repair manuals.
Journey sweep without most boot if flash lighting.
Journeys are adventurous in concept and generally suit the young at heart.
Journeys are infinite and timeless.
Journeys are slow, though trains are more reliable than air travel in winter.
Journeys are travel.
Journeys are trips.
Journeys are video games.
Journeys begin and a prophecy further unfolds.
Journeys begin with a ritual smoking and prayer in the yard of departure.
Journeys create transformation.
Journeys end back at the foot of the mountain range.
Journeys end in lovers meeting, Every wise man's son doth know.
Journeys end, back again, same body, different person.
Journeys including foreign are likely.
Journeys involve ocean kayaking, flatwater canoeing, or whitewater rafting.
Journeys involve trips.
Journeys lead to stories.
Journeys take places.
Journeys always involve movement from here to there.
All journeys are rhapsodies on the theme of discovery.
All journeys are to be respected, human or otherwise.
All journeys are wise - when viewed with enough time and distance.
All journeys begin with a first step.
All journeys begin with a single step'.
All journeys begin with a single step.
All journeys begin with the first step.
All journeys have a starting place.
All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.
Any journey begins with a single step.
Any journey begins with the first step.
Any journey starts with one small step.
Every journey becomes an adventure with our compass, watch and magnifier in one.
Every journey begins and ends with a destination.
Every journey begins by leaving something behind.
Every journey begins by leaving something, something that is treasured and valued.
Every journey begins by taking the first step.
Every journey begins with a first step, enjoy the journey and plan ahead.
Every journey begins with a first step.
Every journey begins with a single first step.
Every journey begins with a single step - the decision to take the journey.
Every journey begins with a single step and moves along one step at a time.
Every journey begins with a single step.
Every journey begins with a small step.
Every journey begins with an idea or goal.
Every journey begins with just a single step.
Every journey begins with one step.
Every journey begins with preparation.
Every journey begins with that first step.
Every journey begins with the first step .
Every journey begins with the first step, grasshopper.
Every journey begins with the first step.
Every journey ends at a park.
Every journey has a first step .
Every journey has a first step.
Every journey has a focus, a direction.
Every journey has a starting point.
Every journey has an end.
Every journey has unforeseen roadblocks and forks in the road.
Every journey involving one's whole being begins with asking for illumination.
Every journey is a message to the past.
Every journey is a part of a long way.
Every journey is a series of steps taken one at a time.
Every journey is a spiritual one.
Every journey is about the whole experience.
Every journey is an internal as well as an external journey.
Every journey is created by the journeyers.
Every journey is filled with punctuated stages of development, or sojourns.
Every journey needs a good book to set the theme, so grab a few choice books to read on the plane.
Every journey offers a vision of hell.
Every journey starts somewhere.
Every Journey Starts Somewhere.
Every journey starts with a commitment to take the first step.
Every journey starts with a single step, and every Web page starts with a single tag.
Every journey starts with a single step.
Every journey starts with one step.
Every journey starts with that first step.
Many journeys can begin here.
Most journeys create transformation.
Most journeys involve trips.
Most journeys take places.
Some journeys are short, while others are lengthy.
Some journeys call for toughness which only love can mold.
Some journeys take forever . . .
A journeyer is a traveler
Journeyers tend to look before they leap and rush out into the world to slay dragons.
Some journeyman footballer misses a penalty and a helicopter falls out of the sky.
A journeyman is a skilled worker
Journeymen are rare here.
Most journeymen hold a certificate in their trade.
Jovian dust bursts.
Jovian planets are far from the Sun.
Jovian planets are further from the sun than terrestrial planets.
Jovian planets are large planets.
Jovian planets are much larger than terrestrial planets.
Jovian planets are planets.
Jovian planets are very large and massive, and are primarily made of gases.
Jovian planets have high masses.
Jovian planets have long days.
Jovian planets have stronger magnetic fields.
All Jovian planets have rings around their equators and at least eight moons.
A jowl is a jaw
Jowls are large and can compress the larynx when the head is mildly flexed.
Joy freeman uses microdermabrasion to improve client' skin.
Joy of life is the title of the first tune in the instrumental.
A joy is emotion
Joy isa emotion.
Joys are albums.
Joys are dogs.
Joys are emotion.
Joys are magazines.
Joys are our wings, sorrows are our spurs.
Joys are part of human experience.
Joys are vain that end in sadness.
Joys proliferate and sorrows too.
Joys there are, simple but powerful.
All joy wants eternity for all things.
All joys die without it.
Every joy is gain - and gain is gain, however small.
Every joy is gain And gain is gain, however small.
Many joys can awaken.
Much joy is generated as they engage the congregation in their outreach efforts.
Much joy is present.
Much joy is promised.
Much joy is still here, even though joy is most of what s now missing in our lives.
Some joyful anthem sing.
Joyful labor is a special quality which permeates all that it touches.
Joyful labor is positive action.
Joyful labor is prudent labor.
Joyful labor is quality labor.
Joyful lights appear to welcome the traveller.
Joyful living requires service to others.
Joyful movement arises as the partner recites and the child moves.
Joyful noises are certainly in evidence at all services.
Joyful obedience is a neat oxymoron.
Joyful people are action oriented.
Joyful people have challenges like everyone else.
Joyful times are in store as children and family are in focus.
Joyful workplaces are more productive for staff and management.
Joyous childbirth is achievable.
Joyous events happen and fade.
Joyous festivities mark the celebration in every home.
Joyous music is heard, and flowers rain down three times a day.
Joyous people are energetic and ambitious.
Joyous people have problems as well as miserable people.
A joyride is a ride
Joyrides take place at gunpoint.
Joystick control is phenomenal.
Every joystick movement impacts that rate noticably.
Joystick user can controll all things with joystick, once the game has been starting.
A joystick is a lever
Joystick controls, particularly vertical turret movement, are imprecise.
Joystick is cheap feeling.
Joysticks are a good asset.
Joysticks are another input device and often make playing computer games easier and more fun.
Joysticks are control.
Joysticks are handheld devices which enable simultaneous analog control for multiple axes.
Joysticks are input devices.
Joysticks are one simpliest pieces of computer equipment.
Joysticks can go left and right and up and down.
Joysticks control the plows' blades.
Joysticks help to recreate reality.
Joysticks use more arm movement and less wrist movement.
Joysticks vary in size and have a stick-like figure stemming from a base.
Joysticks work, but give no feedback about forces working against the robot.
Jpg compression uses an algorithm that identifies trends or estimating of colors.
Jpg files are preferred.
Jpg files have the ability to be compressed.
Jpg images are photographic quality and can be very large, hence causing a page to load more slowly.
JTAG signals are on the connector, providing direct download from PC for testing.
JThis text is body.
Jubilant fans troll the avenue, and the whores prance to the curb, ready to strike up a bargain.
Jubilation abounds amid hope for the prospect of a lasting peace.
Jubilation is an utterance
Jubilation seeps from every quote and of self discovery.
Jubilations contains a number of devotional moments as well.
Jubilations currently caters to about nine states and is expanding constantly.
Jubilee is an anniversary
Jubilee loves Stephen.
Jubilees celebrate and commemorate the passage of a fixed number of years.
Juco basketball is way under-appreciated.
A judge advocate is a commissioned officer
Judge advocates are available for consultation, advice and assistance.
All judge advocates have a wide variety of opportunities for continued education.
A judge is an adjudicator
A judge is an official
Judge applicants against committee criteria and select a deserving student.
Judge bars evidence of potassium poisoning.
Judge enters and takes the bench.
Judge isa individual.
Judge isa official.
Judge isa person.
Judge isa somebody.
Judge isa someone.
Judge nixes challenge to library filter suit.
Judge papers primarily on content, organization, and style.
Judge quantities by size.
Judge scolds tree thieves.
Judge taste from some plate also shout mastectomy alternative.
Judge think with the valley instead stir birthday gift sister.
Judge vacates verdict and grants new trial.
Judges  tos.
Judges abhor bickering between counsel.
Judges act as police, jury, and if necesssary, executioner, carrying out sentences on the spot.
Judges act on the laws set forth by the constitution of the United States.
Judges advocate decriminalizing possession.
Judges agonize over options.
Judges also are authorized to issue protection orders, in their case for terms of one to six months.
Judges also can err.
Judges also can have impact at the discovery motion stage.
Judges also carry out prosecution and criminal investigation, which permits greater independence.
Judges also consider plea agreements between the state and the defendant.
Judges also consider service to the community and assistance to educational and public institutions.
Judges also consider the exhibitor's costume.
Judges also consider the individual's service to the church and community at large.
Judges also continue to issue hardship licenses to drunken drivers who refused to take the test.
Judges also control how much, if any, money the defense gets for investigators and forensic experts.
Judges also create and edit contest problems.
Judges also decide if the defendant needs to be paid for court or other costs.
Judges also defend their sentencing practices in domestic violence cases.
Judges also differ in their expectations of guardians for communication and reporting.
Judges also evaluate the aesthetics of each routine.
Judges also find their lifetime permanent rock and never move again either.
Judges also give the jury information about evaluating the information given.
Judges also grade the quality of work put into the canoe.
Judges also have other sentencing options.
Judges also have panic buttons.
Judges also have the discretion to place the offender on probation.
Judges also look at the technical merits of the piece.
Judges also look for measurable growth and proven success in overcoming obstacles.
Judges also note advocacy, frequency, creativity and accuracy.
Judges also participate in an orientation on the morning of the competition.
Judges also report on design and readability.
Judges also reserve the right to consider geographic and thematic variety in selecting the winners.
Judges also reserve the right to shift nominees to more appropriate categories.
Judges also take into consideration a contestants application and essay submitted.
Judges also use pre-trial conferences to encourage settling cases.
Judges also work outside the courtroom.
Judges analyze the extent of effective use of illustration, photography, and typography.
Judges announce the score after each end.
Judges appear to be calling the hotline more.
Judges apply several other principles in deciding what is an appropriate sentence.
Judges appoint and compensate attorneys under any number of systems, or sometimes no system at all.
Judges appoint lawyers who play along with the rules.
Judges appoint personal representatives.
Judges appoint representatives.
Judges appreciate attorneys who are informed about recent decisions.
Judges appreciate seeing a case prepared and well documented.
Judges are a part of the problem and belong to the same bureaucracy.
Judges are able to determine what the facts are of a case.
Judges are above the Constitution.
Judges are above the law.
Judges are accountable for their decisions through an appeal process.
Judges are adjudicators.
Judges are after all, human.
Judges are all well and good, but the voice of the e-learning community is powerful and convincing.
Judges are also a part of the government although they constitute a separate and equal branch.
Judges are also lawyers.
Judges are also sometimes unaware of the specific services to which victims are entitled.
Judges are always on the lookout for well thought-out research and observations.
Judges are at fault.
Judges are at sixes and sevens.
Judges are at the front lines, and therefore carry the major responsibility.
Judges are available at the end of the contest to discuss students' evaluations.
Judges are available by appointment only.
Judges are available for election each year, when clubs pick the next show's judges.
Judges are available to speak at breakfast meeting, luncheons, or in the evening.
Judges are better able to manage court calendars.
Judges are boo'd or cheered, depending on whether the audience agrees with their scoring.
Judges are business leaders, managers and entrepreneurs.
Judges are capable of judges.
Judges are capable of marry couples.
Judges are capable of pacing themselves to handle the number of required cats during the day.
Judges are caretakers of the courtroom for the benefit of the public.
Judges are city residents appointed for terms of ten years by the mayor of the city of New York.
Judges are civil servants who have never worked as lawyers.
Judges are college student and adults.
Judges are corrupt.
Judges are courtroom managers only, and are non-professional.
Judges are cruel and can be easily swayed with the right things.
Judges are different from all other elected public officials.
Judges are different.
Judges are dishonest.
Judges are educators, writers and professionals in related fields.
Judges are electronic media professionals from throughout the United States.
Judges are eligible for appointment.
Judges are foreclosed, for example, from requiring the parties to mediate child support disputes.
Judges are free to conduct examinations as formally or as informally as they like.
Judges are from Florida, Virginia, Minnesota and Billings.
Judges are generally honest and fair in deciding cases.
Judges are Hollywood professionals.
Judges are honorable.
Judges are human and they develop massive ego problems.
Judges are human and victims as well.
Judges are human beings also and are subject to the same psychological reactions as laymen.
Judges are human beings with opinions on the issues.
Judges are human beings, too.
Judges are human, and humans disagree on just about everything, including nuisance law.
Judges are human.
Judges are important.
Judges are imprecise when referring to section numbers in judgements.
Judges are in the middle of the ring to find the best dogs, nothing more, nothing less.
Judges are independent , subject to no other authority but to the law .
Judges are independent and make their decisions according to the rule of law.
Judges are independent and obey only the law.
Judges are independent and subject only to law.
Judges are independent and subject only to the Constitution and the laws.
Judges are independent and subject only to the law.
Judges are independent and subject to the law only.
Judges are independent in conducting trials and giving judgement in accordance with the law.
Judges are independent in the execution of their office.
Judges are independent in the exercise of their offices.
Judges are independent, subject to no other authority but the law.
Judges are interested in the imaginative and creative use of audio.
Judges are judges from the very beginning of their law career.
Judges are lawyers with a robe on.
Judges are lawyers.
Judges are legal professionals.
Judges are less so.
Judges are like umpires in baseball or referees in football or basketball.
Judges are located in courtrooms.
Judges are located in weddings.
Judges are more and more restricted by sentencing guidelines and now with threats of impeachment.
Judges are more likely than juries to decide in favor of the plaintiff.
Judges are mortal men with families and mortgages like anyone else.
Judges are most lenient with lawbreakers when their offenses are committed during the sirocco.
Judges are motivated by the goal of classifies.
Judges are motivated by the goal of justice.
Judges are motivated by the goal of worry.
Judges are music industry professionals.
Judges are national award winners from newspapers and broadcast stations around the country.
Judges are neutral, detached, independent, fair and competent.
Judges are never reluctant to follow the law.
Judges are no different.
Judges are no exception.
Judges are no help .
Judges are nonpartisan elected officials.
Judges are now able to focus more of their attention on violent offenders.
Judges are officials.
Judges are often eager to send any custody case away to another court.
Judges are often in a hurry.
Judges are often naive with regard to their belief that one can order a person into treatment.
Judges are often on the course all day, following the dogs.
Judges are often sympathetic to homeowners seeking to enjoy the use of their property.
Judges are on hand, but no one is disqualified.
Judges are one thing, but a president's nominees are different.
Judges are otherwise usually very reluctant to intervene.
Judges are part of prophets.
Judges are people and, like everyone else, they make bad decisions from time to time.
Judges are people with a strange job, but are first of all human.
Judges are people, too.
Judges are people.
Judges are picky.
Judges are polite to a fault.
Judges are political appointees without tenure and are highly susceptible to external interference.
Judges are probably the closest thing that America has to true royalty.
Judges are products of the containment system.
Judges are prominent newspaper, television and radio professionals from non-Hearst media.
Judges are public relations specialists from around the country.
Judges are quick to dismiss such assertions as abstractions.
Judges are reluctant to order the destruction of seized tapes, as permitted under the law.
Judges are reluctant to press either side to make concessions, thereby prolonging the case.
Judges are reluctant to report unprofessional behavior on the part of their fellow judges.
Judges are respected haiku poets.
Judges are responsible for appointing attorneys for children and monitoring the quality of counsel.
Judges are responsible for disqualifications based on lack of originality.
Judges are responsible for setting bail.
Judges are rightly cautious of the powerful and potentially prejudicial effect of animation.
Judges are selected in a method similar to the one used for state supreme court justices.
Judges are sexist.
Judges are some of the best strategists, by trade.
Judges are sometimes human an alarming tendency that some lawyers stoop to encourage.
Judges are strict, however, about making sure a beer conforms to style.
Judges are subject in the exercise of their functions only to the authority of the law.
Judges are subject to prejudices just like any other individual.
Judges are successful scientists, technologists, engineers, and entrepreneurs themselves.
Judges are susceptible to bribery and government influence, and many are poorly trained.
Judges are susceptible to bribes and government influence.
Judges are susceptible to bribes and threats.
Judges are susceptible to corruption due to low pay.
Judges are the instructor, along with classmates who volunteer to judge for extra credit.
Judges are the most difficult of all candidates to evaluate.
Judges are the obvious example here.
Judges are the ones who carry out the laws.
Judges are the priests of our civic religion.
Judges are the ultimate legal authority in the criminal justice system.
Judges are the umpires of the rules.
Judges are there to interpret law.
Judges are to avoid the appearance of impropriety in all their activities.
Judges are to be selected for their Torah knowledge and other appropriate qualities.
Judges are to be treated with respect and courtesy.
Judges are to follow the law of the people.
Judges are to interpret law in the context of precident and intent.
Judges are to probe for what the student has done and what parents and teachers have done.
Judges are to reach a consensus on the rankings.
Judges are to select a first, second and third place winner.
Judges are too unpredictable.
Judges are top electronic media industry professionals from throughout the United States.
Judges are trained professionals and usually know their game well.
Judges are ultimately responsible for effective court management.
Judges are unaware of schools or geographical areas while reading.
Judges are under no restrictions on the number of annual winners.
Judges are university professors, high school teachers, museum curators and other public historians.
Judges are unpaid volunteers.
Judges are usually unable to respond to criticism.
Judges are usually willing to listen to victims before imposing sentences.
Judges are very approachable.
Judges are very busy.
Judges are very concerned about ramifications of the decisions they make.
Judges are very impressed by efforts parents make to shield their children from emotional harm.
Judges are very partial and dishonest, mostly.
Judges are very reluctant to overturn elections.
Judges are veteran editorial writers serving on daily or weekly papers or in academic positions.
Judges are vital to allow the tournament to run smoothly and without problems.
Judges are vulnerable to political attacks from critics inside the government and outside.
Judges are welcome from whence-ever they originate.
Judges are welcome to join.
Judges are where they are because of a political organization.
Judges are yet more impressed.
Judges are, of course, naturally reluctant to write about cases over which they presided.
Judges are, whether directly elected or appointed after hearings, our society's representatives.
Judges argue crime.
Judges ask officials.
Judges ask unreasonable things.
Judges assess on relevance to the theme.
Judges assess teams on proper application of skills according to the fundamentals of first aid.
Judges assigned to the civil division also hear requests for injunctions.
Judges base their decisions on principles that have developed over time within the judicial system.
Judges base their decisions on statutory law, common law, or equity.
Judges base their decisions on the content and form of the presentations.
Judges become friends, mostly, with other judges.
Judges become quite vocal in describing the merits of individual wines.
Judges begins by describing the settlement of the Israelite tribes in Canaan.
Judges believe they are answerable to no one.
Judges can also refer cases to mediation.
Judges can also, at their discretion, refer criminal cases to mediation.
Judges can and do appoint attorneys in private practice to represent people in such cases.
Judges can and do reduce what they consider to be excessive damage awards.
Judges can award more or less when appropriate.
Judges can be efficient and businesslike while being patient and deliberate.
Judges can be efficient and business-like while being patient and deliberate.
Judges can be either peer groups or teachers or, and most preferably, from outside the school.
Judges can be faculty members, researchers, or administrative staff.
Judges can be outcome-determinative here.
Judges can be pickier than editors.
Judges can be quite particular about dress code.
Judges can be scary, but juries, especially angry ones, can be far worse.
Judges can be so crotchety.
Judges can be very persuasive in settlement conferences.
Judges can become arrogant, biased, and dishonest.
Judges can choose to hear from each victim before sentencing offenders.
Judges can command armed officer to enforce decisions.
Judges can control how anyone, including lawyers, behaves in court.
Judges can decide to limit the act's protections when they're worried about bad faith and fraud.
Judges can deviate from the guidelines only when certain factors exist that justify a departure.
Judges can disqualify any entry for reasons of taste, within their sole discretion.
Judges can do what they well want.
Judges can either accept or reject the recommendations.
Judges can even check testicles.
Judges can even file decisions electronically.
Judges can even get picky about the spelling.
Judges can even sentence criminals to a stint in a state jail as a condition of probation.
Judges can force journalists or counsellors to breach their ethics.
Judges can give jail time even for a first offense.
Judges can impose a sentence of, for example, imprisonment, probation, and a fine.
Judges can impose additional hardships.
Judges can impound the vehicles of frequent, flagrant violators.
Judges can instead order the dog's owners to keep the animal in a secure pen.
Judges can no longer discern between good and evil.
Judges can now get valuable input from the victims of crimes concerning their viewpoint.
Judges can now instantaneously retrieve information on drug offenders from multiple sources.
Judges can now register on line, check out the judging section for more info.
Judges can only judge the one performance they see.
Judges can order a mix of punishment and rehabilitation tailored toward specific offenders.
Judges can order safe visitation and exchanges for the children of dangerous families.
Judges can order testing and require offenders to pay for it and their treatment.
Judges can require an offender to attend a treatment program.
Judges can re-take the exam to try for a higher score after further study and preparation.
Judges can select grade-level winners or a hallway winner.
Judges can sentence convicted offenders to a specific correctional institution.
Judges can sentence gangbangers to extended terms for any felony crimes.
Judges can share decisionmaking with the community by supporting community panels to hear cases.
Judges can sign up here .
Judges can still grant probation to first-time offenders.
Judges can tell if a skater does dance when testing freestyle.
Judges can tell the difference.
Judges can then issue an opinion.
Judges can travel between counties to help balance caseloads.
Judges can try many cases a week or sometimes they have one long trial.
Judges carefully check each dog against the breed standard.
Judges carefully watch some very young participants crossing the finish line.
Judges check the dog's teeth.
Judges check the knot.
Judges choose their own pro tems.
Judges cite issues involving environmental standards and city services.
Judges claim the current courthouse is overcrowded.
Judges come from a wide variety of professional disciplines from all over Minnesota.
Judges come from all over the world.
Judges come from the prosecutor's office.
Judges comments ' A very competent modest-budget well laid out magazine.
Judges complain about the number and duration of sidebars to resolve objections.
Judges complete a ballot for each product tested.
Judges complete the task by applying appropriate sentences.
Judges concentrate on assuring that the players follow the rules.
Judges conduct a few tests on the bridge while it stands in place over the simulated water.
Judges conduct pretrial conferences, try cases, and draft opinions.
Judges confer as to place and date.
Judges confront a case without instate precedent or legislative guidance.
Judges consider a new election only as a last, last resort.
Judges consider certain lack of features as being unacceptable for the show ring.
Judges consider factors.
Judges continue to don powdered wigs, bobbies direct traffic and cricket is the most popular sport.
Judges control the work-release program in Warren County.
Judges count the number of maneuvers during a ride very heavily.
Judges critique and offer advice on all entries.
Judges critique the quality of the research as well as the visual presentation in poster format.
Judges decide cases by majority agreement.
Judges decide cases.
Judges decide issues that profoundly impact our lives.
Judges decide whether jurors can take notes or ask questions during a trial.
Judges deduct for double pole plants, for instance.
Judges depend for housing and for offices on the executive branch.
Judges desire good reputations.
Judges desire justice.
Judges desire order.
Judges detect small mistakes.
Judges determine enough evidence.
Judges determine evidence.
Judges determine in advance if items are eligible for contest consideration.
Judges determine the amount of time to be allotted for jury selection.
Judges determine the winner in each event.
Judges determine what is right and wrong.
Judges determine winners and finalists from the entire field of entries.
Judges develop their opinions and vote.
Judges differ in how they use guardians ad litem.
Judges differ in their interpretation of standards and the value they, place on breed specifics.
Judges differ in their opinions about at what age a child's input can be useful.
Judges discover the common law by analogizing present cases to previously adjudicated cases.
Judges dislike a thin pleasure horse, but too much weight can inhibit athletic ability.
Judges do give up a lot of free-speech rights because of the duties they have.
Judges do have a third option.
Judges do have certain advantages.
Judges do have the power to change the bond amount in individual cases.
Judges do it all the time.
Judges do it.
Judges do like to see a variety of stitching or techniques used if they're done appropriately.
Judges do read the papers.
Judges do some of their work in courtrooms.
Judges do tend to view such things as contempt of court.
Judges don t like it when witnesses refuse to answer questions in court.
Judges don t like to put an entire family in jail, especially if there are children involved.
Judges don t make rulings, they respond to social pressure.
Judges don t want to injure anybody.
Judges don t want to waste their time hearing adultery allegations.
Judges eagerly do violence to the Constitution to reach results they like.
Judges elect a chief judge in each district, who appoints a district administrator.
Judges engage in a special dialogue with the public.
Judges enjoy immunity.
Judges evaluate a student's academic credentials and abilities as well as personal attributes.
Judges evaluate each country's performance.
Judges evaluate each dive and assign a score.
Judges evaluate each performer individually based on the total presentation.
Judges evaluate historical research projects produced by secondary high school students.
Judges evaluate papers according to the following criteria.
Judges evaluate presentations and recognize winners .
Judges evaluate scores of entrants to determine which products are the best of the best.
Judges evaluate the animals based on official standards for each type of rat or mouse.
Judges evaluate the applications and essays of all nominees.
Judges evaluate the condition of the horses and skills of the riders.
Judges evaluate the product by itself and on a rib cooked with the product.
Judges evaluate the submitted papers and choose the best papers in each discipline.
Judges evaluate the teams on how well they work to defuse the potentially explosive crises.
Judges evaluate the written plans a few weeks prior to the competition.
Judges eventually reduce or throw out more than half of such awards.
Judges examine the finished product as well as how the job was performed.
Judges exclude evidence for many reasons.
Judges exercise judicial authority, and hold life tenure.
Judges exercise judicial authority, and their appointment is for life.
Judges exercise their discretion within the range set by the calculations under the guidelines.
Judges expect it and are entitled to it.
Judges expect order in the courtroom, and they expect people to stand when they enter the courtroom.
Judges expect to hear marriages and divorces in the near future.
Judges explain the laws to the juries before they make their decision.
Judges face a retention election every four years.
Judges face very difficult choices and generally do their best.
Judges fall asleep on the bench.
Judges fill out their score sheets on-line.
Judges find causes.
Judges find issues.
Judges find it helpful to review entries that are clearly and professionally presented.
Judges find probable causes.
Judges find that many litigants are willing to try an early settlement mechanism if one is provided.
Judges focus on the presentation of the speech rather than the content of the speech.
Judges gain points by participating in judging contests as active judges.
Judges generally apply for the breeds in a particular group, then move on to other groups.
Judges generally are neutral and dispassionate.
Judges generally have discretion to impose consecutive or concurrent sentences.
Judges generally have wide discretion to craft individualized sentences within statutory guidelines.
Judges generally write cases that are long, dry, and difficult to understand.
Judges get a gut feeling, then form an opinion to support it.
Judges get bored easily.
Judges get creative when it comes to houses.
Judges get strange.
Judges get their seat assignments and proceed to get comfortable.
Judges get to ask questions.
Judges give marks for taste, texture, aroma and appearance of the food.
Judges give points both for length of the jump and for the jump style .
Judges give points both for length of the jump and for the jump style.
Judges give reasons for their decisions.
Judges give recomendations on how the team can become better.
Judges give references to law review material in case decisions.
Judges give their opinions of the drug sentencing laws.
Judges gladly go along.
Judges go by the tables in most cases.
Judges go house by house and elect the three most beautiful altars.
Judges go out of their way to make it easy.
Judges go to great length to avoid the appearance of bias or favoritism to any group or cause.
Judges grant continuations for a variety of reasons.
Judges hand down sentences either higher or lower depending on the facts surrounding the case.
Judges handle such photographs with the greatest of care.
Judges hangin' niggas, uncorrect bails for direct sales.
Judges hate repetition more than anything.
Judges hate to make credibility determinations.
Judges have (part) arms.
Judges have (part) body substances.
Judges have (part) cell membranes.
Judges have (part) cells.
Judges have (part) corpi.
Judges have (part) cytoplasm.
Judges have (part) heads.
Judges have (part) human bodies.
Judges have (part) legs.
Judges have (part) material bodies.
Judges have (part) necks.
Judges have (part) nuclei.
Judges have (part) personality.
Judges have (part) plasma membranes.
Judges have (part) sections.
Judges have (part) vacuoles.
Judges have a degree of flexibility in applying the law.
Judges have a duty to follow the law, whether it's popular or unpopular.
Judges have a duty to insure public trust and confidence in the court system.
Judges have a great impact on clients and their families.
Judges have a large number of newly filed cases to contend with each year.
Judges have a limited amount of time to spend at each project.
Judges have a powerful new tool to combat junk science.
Judges have a responsibility to be proactive and mandate clarity and simplicity.
Judges have a secure perimeter in the court house.
Judges have a unique opportunity to provide leadership in the pro bono arena.
Judges have absolute immunity against allegations based on their judicial activities.
Judges have ages.
Judges have an affirmative duty to combat discrimination.
Judges have approximately a week to read the plans.
Judges have authority for the prosecution in public and revolutionary courts.
Judges have broad discretion in dividing up the assets, including the stock options.
Judges have broud powers of immunity and are very difficult to file suit against.
Judges have cases.
Judges have come to love power in their courtrooms, juries want to send a message.
Judges have court clerks who provide clerical assistance and schedule cases.
Judges have discretion in their interpretation and application of the above laws and rules.
Judges have discretion to ask that such juries be seated.
Judges have discretion to make further commendations.
Judges have experience.
Judges have expertise.
Judges have feelings just like anyone else.
Judges have great latitude in determining the amount of statutory damages.
Judges have great latitude in sentencing misdemeanor offenders.
Judges have ideas.
Judges have immunity.
Judges have little freedom to explain specifically beyond their filed written rulings.
Judges have many rules to rely upon to reach a just result in an efficient manner.
Judges have much more time to contemplate the law.
Judges have neither the expertise nor the authority to make such determinations.
Judges have no Constitutionally mandated age, residency, or citizenship requirements.
Judges have no lawful authority to perform an unlawful act.
Judges have no such restraints.
Judges have nothing to do with establishment or expenditure of the fees.
Judges have other options for offenders besides jail time.
Judges have philosophies of the law.
Judges have security of tenure in office until they reach retirement age.
Judges have the ability to throw cases out of court which are entirely unfounded or legal extortion.
Judges have the authority to ask spectators to leave.
Judges have the discretion to award more than one prize to a student.
Judges have the final authority in regard to acceptable answers.
Judges have the final decision on the number of successful repetitions for each competitor.
Judges have the final word in interpreting the contest rules.
Judges have the freedom to decide cases in accordance with the law, without interference.
Judges have the freedom to postpone the reporting of an entire case or certain details of it.
Judges have the option to inspect any car at anytime during or after heats.
Judges have the option to select entries to be honorably mentioned.
Judges have the prerogative of unpredictability.
Judges have the prerogative to declare no winner.
Judges have the right to accept or reject any mask based on content.
Judges have the right to move an entry into a more appropriate category.
Judges have to be lawyers because they apply the rules of law to peoples' stories.
Judges have to decide close calls on a case by case basis.
Judges have to decide in courts what laws mean and sometimes they reverse themselves.
Judges have to decide whether they are chatting to a machine or a human.
Judges have to do that as well.
Judges have to juggle conflicting laws every day.
Judges have to see a correct scoring blow land on the target area in order to score.
Judges have to work hard.
Judges have unlimited authority to correct their own clerical mistakes.
Judges have wide latitude in sentencing offenders.
Judges have wide latitude in using such independent experts.
Judges hear cases and decide sentencing.
Judges hear everything from small claims cases to death penalty cases.
Judges here are political animals serving at the whims of party bosses.
Judges hold the right to vary a design for suitability.
Judges hold the right to vary a design if necessary for suitability.
Judges ignore dyed flowers.
Judges increasingly recommend mediation prior to proceeding to trial.
Judges indulge their anger and jail a roomful of defendants because somebody's cell phone rang.
Judges inspect containers from the egg drop contest to see how many eggs survived the fall.
Judges inspect entries for final voting.
Judges inspect the work and assess demerits for any errors or omissions.
Judges interpret laws rather than reconstruct legislators' intentions.
Judges interpret the laws, and of course all judges are lawyers.
Judges interview the students at a later time.
Judges involve in cases.
Judges is a book of heroes, to keep the people's faith.
Judges is full of awful stories about attrocities every bit as bad as what's happening in Bosnia.
Judges is in the plural, shofetim, even though is is singular.
Judges is independent.
Judges keep the game fair.
Judges know how difficult long trials can be.
Judges know precisely what they're looking for in a good mover.
Judges know that parents try to influence the decisions of their children.
Judges know the name, as do defense lawyers.
Judges know they can get away with anything and therefore they do.
Judges know what s going on.
Judges know what's going on.
Judges lack the authority to rewrite bad legislation.
Judges lack the resources or the prescience to determine the truth from such great numbers.
Judges learn skills.
Judges learn to be good judges by judging.
Judges leave here so quickly.
Judges legislate from the judicial bench and even usurp the legislative power over the purse.
Judges like to see a paper trail.
Judges like to see innovation, and that's what made our car stand out from the others.
Judges like to see tables, charts, or graphs of the measured results.
Judges like to think they are kings of OUR courtrooms.
Judges listen to all albums fully before compiling ranked lists.
Judges listen to arguments and determine if the evidence presented deserves a trial.
Judges listen to scripted testimony and make decisions.
Judges lock up uncooperative witnesses indefinitely.
Judges look at each piece as a whole, and reward outstanding overall quality.
Judges look at each production as a whole and reward outstanding quality overall.
Judges look at how well a show is performed.
Judges look for a vertical body position, with toes pointed, on entry.
Judges look for an alert animal that moves at a slow, steady, and deliberate pace.
Judges look for complete projects.
Judges look for consistent runs that approach the ideal.
Judges look for contestants who are confident and comfortable with their opinions.
Judges look for control - the ability of the rider to successfully counter the moves of the bull.
Judges look for creativity, ability, and talent.
Judges look for deliberate movements over uncoordinated movements made to retain balance.
Judges look for different features in each breed.
Judges look for drop in the front end, kick in the back, spin, and direction changes.
Judges look for entries that conceive concise, focused and meaningful story proposals.
Judges look for entries which show leadership, quality writing, sensitivity and fairness.
Judges look for footwork, changing arm positions, closeness, speed and straight lines.
Judges look for good distance from the vault and good height.
Judges look for height, synchronization and degree of difficulty.
Judges look for individualism and uniqueness throughout the entire run.
Judges look for innovative designs, production feasibility, and quality craftsmanship.
Judges look for innovative solutions that enhance shareholder value in today' s fast-moving markets.
Judges look for more than impressive floral displays.
Judges look for more than just technique and emotional impact when they decide on winners.
Judges look for organization and persuasiveness in essays.
Judges look for original ideas.
Judges look for originality, flair and relevance to the story it heads.
Judges look for overall improvement in acedemic performance as well as solid acedemic achievement.
Judges look for proportion, balance, shape and color.
Judges look for sound science and a personal voice.
Judges look for the newest and best products being offered to the industry.
Judges look for the perfect moves from each swimmer.
Judges look for thought-out research.
Judges look for timing, posture, accuracy of the steps and musical expression.
Judges look for well thought-out research and observation.
Judges look for well thought-out research.
Judges love a clean smelling engine and get point deducting crazy if the aroma is of fried gunk.
Judges make bad decisions and they become precedents.
Judges make decisions on the basis of written and oral presentations.
Judges make decisions.
Judges make decisions.
Judges make judgments.
Judges make law, which tilts in the direction of previous law.
Judges make sure the dogs have the proper gait.
Judges make writers write writs right.
Judges measure and rank the model.
Judges measure distance from the target and then it is totaled.
Judges meet for the last time to determine the place winners.
Judges meet in secret at undisclosed locations and times.
Judges monitor and manage jury trial length to a greater degree.
Judges normally follow a probation officer's recommendation.
Judges normally have to answer to no one.
Judges now believe that being ''neutral'' means letting even the most asinine case go before a jury.
Judges now hear evidence in determining whether laws have been broken or oaths of office violated.
Judges now use a computerized system to count blows.
Judges obtain jurisdiction to make that order through a court case filed in the court of authority.
Judges occasionally do sentence people who violate child support orders to serve time in jail.
Judges occasionally ignore the lists completely.
Judges occupy positions.
Judges officiate at all levels of competitions and assess competitive tests.
Judges order hundreds of offenders each year to pay restitution.
Judges participate in an orientation session and are given judging guidelines.
Judges pay attention to that.
Judges pay special attention to how students' interests have directed their collections.
Judges pay very little attention to size, uniforms, etc.
Judges pick the winners and prizes are given.
Judges pick two winners each night.
Judges place a great deal of emphasis on encouraging parties to settle their disputes out of court.
Judges play a critical role in managing offenders' behavior and keeping victims safe.
Judges play a unique role as a mentor to their clerks.
Judges play devil's advocate.
Judges possess the power to reward their hard work and grant recognition for their achievements.
Judges prefer a copy of the shooting script.
Judges prefer graceful, exuberant young ladies.
Judges prefer that their clerks take the bar examination.
Judges prefer to carry on a conversation.
Judges prefer uniformity.
Judges preside over hearings and listen to the arguments of opposing parties.
Judges preside over the trials, which are argued by attorneys.
Judges preside over trials, and sentence convicted criminals.
Judges primarily watch for spurring action, with every jump or buck the rider gains points.
Judges provide their services on an honorary basis.
Judges punish the victims.
Judges question science fair participants about their project.
Judges question witnesses.
Judges raise arm if point is awarded.
Judges rate the dogs on how well they conform to the standard of perfection for their breed.
Judges rate the skiers at the bottom.
Judges react favorably to personalized letters.
Judges read and critique manuscripts as they arrive.
Judges read the newspapers too.
Judges realize that computers can help stem the tide of paper in Wisconsin's courthouses.
Judges receive an orientation session prior to the fair, and a briefing immediately before the fair.
Judges receive coded copy without poet's name.
Judges receive full pay during absences.
Judges receive no training on domestic violence.
Judges receive permanent appointments, but are subject to mandatory retirement.
Judges receive training prior to the election and are paid by the City of Maple Grove.
Judges reflect the wide range of differing views on such matters that exist in the community.
Judges refuse to enforce many of their own orders.
Judges refuse to throw out absentee ballots in Seminole and Martin counties.
Judges regularly side with police versions of events.
Judges regularly take time to meet students in that framework.
Judges reject satellite photos as evidence in court.
Judges rely heavily on their independent recommendations.
Judges rely on the reports when deciding how to punish sex offenders.
Judges remain on the court for a limited term of office.
Judges report they search for economies in every corner of their court's operations.
Judges require proof.
Judges require respect from attorneys.
Judges reserve right to transfer an entry to a different category.
Judges reserve rights.
Judges reserve the right to accept photographs in the photographic section.
Judges reserve the right to alter prize amounts.
Judges reserve the right to authenticate, accept or disallow entries at their discretion.
Judges reserve the right to award no prize winner if no entry is deemed meritorious of the prize.
Judges reserve the right to change a quilt's category when another category seems more appropriate.
Judges reserve the right to designate a change of category for submissions.
Judges reserve the right to grant all, part, or none of the advertised awards.
Judges reserve the right to issue no awards.
Judges reserve the right to measure dogs entered in any trial.
Judges reserve the right to modify the rules at any time during the contest.
Judges reserve the right to move a site to another category if they so deem.
Judges reserve the right to move a submitted entry from one category to another.
Judges reserve the right to move productions to a more suitable category for nomination.
Judges reserve the right to open and sample any entries.
Judges reserve the right to open and sample any entry.
Judges reserve the right to reassign categories if necessary. .
Judges reserve the right to recategorize entries.
Judges reserve the right to re-categorize entries.
Judges reserve the right to re-classify any nomination to a more appropriate category.
Judges reserve the right to reclassify wines to facilitate judging.
Judges reserve the right to select fewer than three winners.
Judges reserve the right to transfer an entry to a different subject class.
Judges reserve the right to withdraw the sweepstakes or make changes at any time.
Judges reserve the right to withhold prizes if no contestants are deemed qualified.
Judges reserve the right to withhold prizes in any category.
Judges retain the right to recategorize entries.
Judges return year after year.
Judges reverse sex offender's exemption.
Judges review the quality of the nomination submission and the documentation.
Judges rip families apart when no evidence has been presented showing either parent is unfit.
Judges rotate every six months between the civil and criminal divisions.
Judges rotate through on a weekly basis, and none of the other clerks wanted to take the position.
Judges rotate through the parts.
Judges routinely deny lawyers' requests to hire experts or to pay for investigative fees.
Judges routinely make such requests to lawyers.
Judges routinely waive the bond, or require a bond too low to cover assets vulnerable to theft.
Judges rule on major contested issues in only a relatively small number of cases.
Judges rule that in a dog race the first dog wins.
Judges run that way, just as do men in other walks of life.
Judges say that it was clear who the winner was to be.
Judges say the book is an outstanding historical biography.
Judges say the prosecution has a poor strategy.
Judges say they can judge it best if it is in a list or outline form rather than in paragraph.
Judges say they look for good risks, and then they gamble.
Judges score a rider and horse on their ability to maintain proper position with the cow.
Judges score contestants both on dancing and costume.
Judges score each teams performance based on how effectively and creatively problems are addressed.
Judges score from the shoreline right beside the riders' dock.
Judges score from the shoreline right beside the riders dock.
Judges score six jumps and multiply the scores by the predetermined degree of difficulty.
Judges score skiers on lines and turns, air and speed.
Judges score the best team after each game.
Judges score the fights by competitors' well-placed hits, much like boxing.
Judges score the individual contestants immediately following each phase of the competition.
Judges score the mogul skiers on speed and technique combined with the compulsory jumps.
Judges see more cases.
Judges see summaries.
Judges seem to be loath to incarcerate, or sanction, mothers.
Judges seem to grant the ban about half the time.
Judges select and hire their own chambers staff.
Judges select first through fifth places and honorable mention in most categories.
Judges select plans to advance to the finals.
Judges select the winners, while stewards enforce the rules.
Judges select winners by number only.
Judges select winners on the basis of creativity, execution and effectiveness.
Judges select winning projects based on craftsmanship and company achievements.
Judges send in penalty decisions to a timing team by computer signals over telephone lines.
Judges sentence people for drug violations while high on drugs.
Judges serve at the municipal, state and federal level.
Judges serve four year terms.
Judges serve lifetime terms.
Judges serve six year terms and can be reappointed any number of times until retirement.
Judges serve six year terms.
Judges serve terms of four years.
Judges share responsibility.
Judges show courtesy and respect to the public.
Judges sit on benches.
Judges spend a considerable amount of time reading briefs.
Judges spend the morning pouring over the samples and, after lunch, more contests get underway.
Judges spend their lives looking at mostly boring copy.
Judges spend their lives penalizing others who depart from legal norms.
Judges spend time briefing students on occurrences that nobody else sees or reads about.
Judges spend time on each float, taking a close look at every detail.
Judges stand up please.
Judges start to take that personally, and can lower contempt citations on an offending party.
Judges stay there, and so do country western singers.
Judges still throw out many wrongful termination lawsuits.
Judges still wear robes, as do priests, bishops and popes.
Judges stop listening when victims become overly dramatic.
Judges strike down cyber-censorship.
Judges study the layouts to gauge the fit between product and intended audience.
Judges swirl the wine to release the aroma, perhaps the key element of judging.
Judges swirl, smell, swish and sip the wines making notes as they evaluate the entries.
Judges take account of varying incomes and award child support accordingly.
Judges take an oath to do that.
Judges taste wines only in the context of their own viticultural area.
Judges tend to ask about the horse's sire and dam, the horse's color and markings, etc.
Judges tend to be a little freer with their pen when they are on the losing side.
Judges tend to be hard-hearted toward juveniles.
Judges tend to be more careful when there's a camera in the court.
Judges tend to be private and shun publicity to avoid blowing the gaff on some inner feelings.
Judges tend to number among the elite of their localities.
Judges tend to prefer classical music.
Judges tend to take it personally.
Judges tend to take that affidavit at face value.
Judges then have an opportunity to ask questions before independently rating the presentation.
Judges then have the option of sending the teens to class.
Judges then select the individuals they feel are of good quality to return for futher testing.
Judges think so, too.
Judges to recognize truth.
Judges too are accountable and subject to the law.
Judges traditionally grant prosecutors and defense lawyers greater latitude at sentencing hearings.
Judges try the case, investigate the accused and hand down sentences.
Judges try to base their decisions on existing law, applying the facts of the particular case to it.
Judges typically appeal to moral principles in the interpretation and application of moral rules.
Judges typically are generalists, dealing with cases that can vary widely in subject matter.
Judges typically are responsible for three to five talks.
Judges typically assign capital cases to inexperienced or mediocre defense attorneys.
Judges typically hire two or three clerks, depending on the court.
Judges typically require that appeal bonds equal damages.
Judges understand only too well public frustration at unpopular decisions.
Judges understand the difference between records management and destruction of evidence.
Judges use a variety of accommodation strategies.
Judges use gavels.
Judges use only one decimal point.
Judges use several tests to resolve issues of personal jurisdiction.
Judges use the standard as a guide when evaluating dogs at a show.
Judges use visitation centers to avoid responsibility.
Judges value even a so-so braiding job.
Judges vary in efficiency.
Judges view themselves as the most impartial party in the courtroom.
Judges views on the seriousness of delay varied somewhat by district.
Judges visit each display and award prizes for the most outstanding entries.
Judges visit each musher to see that they have all the mandatory gear.
Judges wait impatiently.
Judges watch for a true working team.
Judges watch for good body position and other factors, including free arm and spurring action.
Judges watch for good body position and other factors, including spurring action.
Judges watch for good body position and the use of the free arm and spurring action.
Judges watch for good body position as well as control.
Judges watch from the bottom of the pipe to judge each snowboarder s moves.
Judges watch videotape of every athlete closely to make sure they comply with the regulations.
Judges wear black and try to give justice.
Judges whisper quote to first player of each team.
Judges work in teams of two, preferably with one member being a teacher.
Judges work in teams so more than one team surveys each clinic.
Judges always appreciate it, and it makes a big impact on juries, too.
Judges always look for original ideas.
Judges often are the prime movers behind CASA efforts.
Judges often assign capital cases to inexperienced or marginally talented attorneys.
Judges often condone, or even praise, aggressive litigation.
Judges often end elections with large campaign debts.
Judges often impose probation as part of a suspended sentence.
Judges often issue termination decisions within a week after the hearing.
Judges often make allowances for consumers.
Judges often order disgorgement of all profits.
Judges often order youths to undergo the program as part of their probation.
Judges often settle small disagreements between lawyers .
Judges often settle small disagreements between lawyers.
Judges often use fit and proper and fit interchangeably.
Judges often work more than thirteen hours straight overseeing the casting and tabulation of votes.
Judges often write with phrases instead of clauses.
Judges sometimes give their decisions at the end of the hearing.
Judges sometimes have a suspended jail sentence or reduction in fines for completion.
Judges sometimes use tests of horsemanship in deciding final placings.
Judges usually encourage attempts to settle the lawsuit.
Judges usually end up eating through their first morning meeting with others in their panels.
Judges usually start their judging careers by judging the breeds they keep at a local show.
All judges are different.
All judges are required to hold a law degree.
All judges can do is waive the fee in a particular case.
All judges can talk about are rules of procedure within the courts.
All judges deserve our respect and our effort to adapt to what it is they are looking for.
All judges have a Ph.D. or equivalent degree and eight years relevant experience.
All judges have blind spots.
All judges have life tenure.
All judges have the latitude to evaluate the severity of a fall and score it accordingly.
All judges have to do is the right thing.
All judges now can face opponents in every election.
All judges receive copies of any proposed published opinions.
All judges serve for life.
All judges sign a confidentiality agreement.
Any judge can see the report.
Any judge can use both the courtroom and electronic filing for complex cases.
Any judge currently holding a Rhythmic Provisional National or higher rating is eligible.
Every judge claims that as a sacred duty.
Every judge has a different idea for each category of clown.
Every judge has tendencies.
Every judge is faced frequently with that task.
Every judge uses silent or unspoken assumptions when writing opinions.
Many judges allow a pro se litigant to testify in narrative.
Many judges are no longer content to interpret the law.
Many judges are reluctant to order forfeiture without specific direction in statute.
Many judges are sua sponte directing the parties to pay a retainer to the law guardian.
Many judges believe that a full time father is necessary to maintain discipline with teenagers.
Many judges believe they have the right to carry under common law as protectors of the peace.
Many judges choose the winners based almost entirely on the basis of the trot.
Many judges conduct post-trial interviews of jurors in both civil and criminal cases.
Many judges consider reasonable attorneys fees to be lower for a child than an adult.
Many judges don t seem to have a great understanding of the standard.
Many judges expect students to accept immediately over the phone.
Many judges feel pressured by the county to control their budgets and move cases quickly.
Many judges indicate that they are uncomfortable making decisions about normally private matters.
Many judges interpret the rule liberally.
Many judges like to see a balance in the types and kinds of sources that students use.
Many judges notice pleasing markings, colors, and patterns.
Many judges notice pleasing markings, colours and patterns.
Many judges prefer to rule on summary judgment motions as opposed to letting juries make decisions.
Many judges rather see great form over height with bad form.
Many judges report more orderly trial dates, with fewer matters collapsing unexpectedly.
Many judges require a single submission of the complete application.
Many judges say the nonjury courtrooms are too small to hold proceedings.
Many judges send cases to the court's family service office before they hear the lawyers' arguments.
Many judges serve out their terms in workmanlike fashion.
Many judges simply have no idea what Muslim marriage contracts entail.
Many judges start to block score after the initial start and first halt are poor.
Many judges try hard to get work out the door.
More judges come out for reform.
Most judges accept.
Most judges agree with the evaluators analysis of the situation and recommendations.
Most judges appoint personal representatives.
Most judges appoint representatives.
Most judges are fair and do the job that they are paid to do in an impartial manner.
Most judges are fair.
Most judges are for the idea, too.
Most judges are interested in legislative and case law developments.
Most judges are lawyers who are able to understand the law.
Most judges are politicians.
Most judges are responsible for both administrative and adjudicative duties.
Most judges are therefore at a disadvantage in making decisions about children.
Most judges are.
Most judges argue crime.
Most judges ask officials.
Most judges assume that parties to a divorce agreement are under some degree of stress.
Most judges begin as lawyers and are appointed to the bench.
Most judges call it a DQ when the split is all the way to the base.
Most judges consider factors.
Most judges determine enough evidence.
Most judges determine evidence.
Most judges do indeed favor custody to the mother, esp.
Most judges do the best they can with what they've got to work with.
Most judges find causes.
Most judges find issues.
Most judges find probable causes.
Most judges give points for aggressiveness and punches thrown along with the basics.
Most judges go painstakingly through the haystack looking for the needle.
Most judges hate objections.
Most judges have ages.
Most judges have cases.
Most judges have experience.
Most judges have expertise.
Most judges have ideas.
Most judges have lists of qualified mediators who are available in their jurisdiction.
Most judges hold their own opinions highly, and try to do a conscientious job.
Most judges involve in cases.
Most judges learn skills.
Most judges make decisions.
Most judges occupy positions.
Most judges require proof.
Most judges require that students submit copies of their law school transcripts.
Most judges respond in one of two ways.
Most judges rotate out of family court every two to four years.
Most judges rule fairly and impartially, though the judicial system is overburdened.
Most judges see summaries.
Most judges seem to work mostly for one organization.
Most judges share responsibility.
Most judges shrink from controversy.
Most judges sit on benches.
Most judges try hard to be consistent with decisions that they or a higher court have made.
Most judges turn thumbs down.
Most judges utilize a law clerk as a valuable adjunct in the decision-making process.
Most judges volunteer their services.
Most Judges write their bids on the letter and return it to the club.
Some judges allow attorneys wide latitude in questioning witnesses, others are very restrictive.
Some judges allow their clerks to stay for more than one year.
Some judges already require television crews to share footage of videotape shot in their courtroom.
Some judges also complain about the reform.
Some judges announce their decision as to who won and who lost right in the courtroom.
Some judges appear to be listening.
Some judges appoint defenders.
Some judges appoint guardians.
Some judges appoint public defenders.
Some judges appoint referees.
Some judges appoint temporary guardians.
Some judges are also willing to reduce fines or other punishment if they successfully complete.
Some judges are appointed by presidents.
Some judges are fair.
Some judges are happy to answer a question about a procedural or scheduling question.
Some judges are just too grotesque in their views.
Some judges are more cautious than others.
Some judges are more sensitive to certain characteristics than others.
Some judges are reluctant to set cases for trial unless absolutely necessary.
Some judges are very critical, while others are very constructive and instructive.
Some judges are very selective in terms of the academic credentials they require.
Some judges are willing to take interns for brief periods of several months.
Some judges change minds.
Some judges conduct conferences.
Some judges consider life.
Some judges determine skills.
Some judges dismiss charges of same-sex domestic violence.
Some judges enforce co-parenting vigorously, others only pay lip service.
Some judges enjoy presentation.
Some judges enjoy the day out.
Some judges enumerate a list of tasks with explicit authority to carry out the tasks.
Some judges even consider it degrading.
Some judges exhibit quirks that trouble lawyers.
Some judges fear reputations.
Some judges feel the application of that charge is overly harsh.
Some judges find it helpful to speak to the child.
Some judges find two weeks on the road at a time quite difficult.
Some judges hand down more death sentences than others.
Some judges have and give more administrative tasks to their clerks.
Some judges have delicacies.
Some judges have passions.
Some judges have to face such a terrible life every day.
Some judges hear cases daily, and others have limited court hours each week.
Some judges improve safety.
Some judges leave voluntarily by either resigning or retiring.
Some judges like to judge a show straight through.
Some judges like to test whether the mooters can stick to their guns under pressure.
Some judges look for feet of opposite colour.
Some judges maintain jurisdiction over a case after sentencing.
Some judges move cases.
Some judges never learn.
Some judges now opt to keep their proceedings out of the spotlight.
Some judges now seem to be rethinking the issue.
Some judges participate in on-campus inteviewing.
Some judges point out plenty.
Some judges post partial calendars several months in advance.
Some judges prefer that the clerk give two calls.
Some judges prefer to send a jury back for more deliberations without any instruction at all.
Some judges presently do that.
Some judges recognise that punctuation does affect the meaning of text.
Some judges rely on DSS input to such a degree that they almost become rubber stamps.
Some judges require education.
Some judges require overwhelming evidence to deviate from the statutory guidelines.
Some judges require service by certified mail, return- receipt requested.
Some judges seem to favor some parts of the world more than others.
Some judges show bias.
Some judges take offense if a lawyer approaches a witness without asking for permission.
Some judges think too much additional written information accompanies the entries.
Some judges work part time and have a second job.
Some judges write judgments in their own hands for want of stenographers.
Judgement is opinion
Judgements are final and there is no appeal.
Judgements are neither secure, first-hand, reliable, valid nor comprehensive.
Judgements have to made about the scale of equipment carried.
Judgements limit our thinking.
Judgements melt away.
Judgements only hold the patterns in place.
Judgements plays role in many cases.
All judgement implies a standard of truth.
All judgement is according to law.
All judgements are final and absolute.
All judgements are to be supported by as much objective evidence as possible.
All judgements made by the referee are final.
All judgements regarding winning entries are final.
Any judgement is always an act of injustice.
Some judgements are available on-line through their website, free of charge.
Judgemental people are evil.
Judgemental reactions are still rife.
Judgemental shooting is a vital part of any public safety firearms training program.
Judges rule is law.
Most Judging categories have aspects of both difficulty and quality.
Judging  watchs.
Judging are used for christians.
Judging are used for evaluation.
Judging are used for judges.
Judging are used for justice.
Judging cause arguments.
Judging cause conflict.
Judging cause controversy.
Judging cause judgement.
Judging cause labelings.
Judging cause pain.
Judging cause prejudice.
Judging cause resentment.
Judging cause responsibility.
Judging cause verdict.
Judgment creditor is directed to give notice of the continuance to the judgment debtor.
Judgment creditor is to notify claimant of the continuance.
Judgment creditors appeal from trial court's ruling on an examination of judgment debtor proceeding.
Judgment day is here.
Judgment debtors request to make payment and satisfaction of judgment.
Judgment becomes clouded and unconsciousness sets in.
Judgment becomes lien only when abstract filed with county recorder.
Judgment becomes very complicated in cases of labor and shareholder issues.
Judgment becomes, when it is true, subliminal.
Judgment binds the land.
Judgment can be extremely skilled and extremely reliable.
Judgment can become impaired.
Judgment can come.
Judgment comes from experience and experience comes from surviving bad judgment.
Judgment comes from experience and great judgment comes from bad experiences.
Judgment comes from the experience of performing engineering with the proper guidance.
Judgment comes in between knowledge and application.
Judgment comes into play.
Judgment comes only when grace is spurned.
Judgment comes out of the imaginative forces, working through the heart.
Judgment Consider the employee's ability to think intelligently and make logical decisions.
Judgment deals with such things as rebirth, completion, evaluation, revelation, and reward.
Judgment demands a substitute.
Judgment demands payment, thus judgment demands a substitute.
Judgment departs somewhat from the standard picture.
Judgment depends on who carries the burden of proof.
Judgment depends upon good sense and information.
Judgment disappears and the past has no relevance.
Judgment enables one to strike the right balance.
Judgment enter for the plaintiff dismissing the defendant's remaining counterclaims.
Judgment gives way to wonder, to the quite normal fears of parent for child.
Judgment has consequences.
Judgment has many things to happen.
Judgment has practical consequences.
Judgment has reach consequences.
Judgment has reach practical consequences.
Judgment here includes the opinions issued by more than one judge on the same occasion.
Judgment implies caring.
Judgment imposes right and wrong on situations that just are.
Judgment includes comprehensive findings of fact and conclusions of law.
Judgment involves all the ways of coming to conclusions about what has been perceived.
Judgment involves assessments.
Judgment involves confronting the truth.
Judgment is a fact, and it is coming.
Judgment is a faculty evolved, refined, cultivated over time.
Judgment is a key factor in handling of any emergency.
Judgment is a key ingredient, too.
Judgment is a mental act of evaluation through comparison or contrast.
Judgment is a misfit in every theological theory yet propounded.
Judgment is a relatively minor business.
Judgment is about ready to begin.
Judgment is acts.
Judgment is affirmed.
Judgment is also an important role to a profession.
Judgment is an interesting concept.
Judgment is another form of pride.
Judgment is around the corner.
Judgment is assigned to the weak brother , contempt to the stronger.
Judgment is at hand, and pedigree is no defense.
Judgment is at hand.
Judgment is at the heart of the process.
Judgment is at the moment of death.
Judgment is awaited.
Judgment is awarded to defendants.
Judgment is based on color, aroma and taste.
Judgment is based on works in Matthew.
Judgment is based upon comparisons.
Judgment is built into acts of recognition.
Judgment is called for in the type and degree of headings used.
Judgment is court decisions.
Judgment is creative as well as revelatory.
Judgment is crucial to persuasion.
Judgment is deferred.
Judgment is different from love.
Judgment is done by including keywords.
Judgment is done by members of the executive committee.
Judgment is due processes.
Judgment is easy.
Judgment is entered accordingly.
Judgment is entered in favor of all defendants.
Judgment is entered in favor of all other defendants, and against the plaintiffs.
Judgment is entered in favor of defendant against plaintiff.
Judgment is entered in favor of defendants against plaintiff.
Judgment is entered in favor of defendants.
Judgment is entered in favor of the defendant and against the plaintiff.
Judgment is entered on the arrearage amount.
Judgment is entered on the opinion filing date.
Judgment is entered ordering replevin of an article to A and B surrenders the article.
Judgment is entrusted to consumers.
Judgment is essentially a refusal to accept what is.
Judgment is essentially an ability to appraise facts.
Judgment is everything whilst playing the links.
Judgment is for the most creative beard picture.
Judgment is hindered and thinking abstractly is difficult.
Judgment is immediate which, by the way, is one reason why reincarnation is impossible.
Judgment is immediate.
Judgment is impaired and as drinking continues, decision making is affected.
Judgment is impaired.
Judgment is inescapable.
Judgment is inherent in the stuff of creation.
Judgment is involved with all such passions when decisions are made.
Judgment is issued for the defendant-appellants.
Judgment is judgment.
Judgment is just as sure as death.
Judgment is justified in the absence of faith.
Judgment is made in a matter of seconds based on what others see.
Judgment is made on an individual basis whether an activity is related or unrelated.
Judgment is made on whether the work has original expression.
Judgment is merciless and unbending.
Judgment is more self-inflicted.
Judgment is more than skill.
Judgment is necessary as well.
Judgment is necessary before rewards or punishments can be meted out.
Judgment is necessary in selecting appropriate established guidelines to follow.
Judgment is necessary.
Judgment is needed.
Judgment is norms.
Judgment is often arbitrary and subjective.
Judgment is on basis of works.
Judgment is one example.
Judgment is one of the biggest topics in the Scriptures.
Judgment is opinion
Judgment is opinion.
Judgment is over.
Judgment is part of our nature.
Judgment is passe.
Judgment is passed and the persecutors punished.
Judgment is past.
Judgment is polarity.
Judgment is poor.
Judgment is real in the Bible.
Judgment is rendered on simple assault and the cause remanded for sentencing.
Judgment is required here.
Judgment is required in identifying the borrowings on which the average rate is based.
Judgment is required in such cases.
Judgment is required in the evaluation, selection and optimal use of precedents, and available data.
Judgment is required to select from standard methods.
Judgment is required when assessing whether an incremental discount is significant.
Judgment is required.
Judgment is resistance.
Judgment is reversed and remanded.
Judgment is reversed and the case is remanded.
Judgment is reversed.
Judgment is salvation.
Judgment is slow or poor in traffic situations.
Judgment is something, but rules misses is something else.
Judgment is soon to follow.
Judgment is swift and sure.
Judgment is the ability to distinguish right from wrong and to set priorities.
Judgment is the constant evaluation of things as right or wrong, good or bad.
Judgment is the ego's way of bettering oneself at the expense of the other.
Judgment is the enemy of love.
Judgment is the faculty of subsuming under rules.
Judgment is the fourth characteristic of a profession.
Judgment is the law's last word in a judicial controversy.
Judgment is the non-residential joint custodial parent of the child.
Judgment is the only evil.
Judgment is the only response to willful apostasy.
Judgment is there but grace also.
Judgment is to enter for the defendant.
Judgment is too organizing, segmenting, discriminating, postponing, and destructive.
Judgment is traits.
Judgment is unavoidable.
Judgment is upon our nation.
Judgment is used by biotechnology companies as well.
Judgment is used in applying guidelines to a broader spectrum of fish products processing.
Judgment is used in locating and applying the provisions of the guidelines to assignments.
Judgment is used in selecting among authorized methods and techniques.
Judgment is very much a part of the Bible.
Judgment is vital as every client is unique.
Judgment is what is established by the opinions of a prominent man or of several.
Judgment isa opinion.
Judgment leads to condemnation, and the penalty imposed is commensurate with the offense.
Judgment leads to hate, hate leads to violence, and violence leads to more violence.
Judgment Make a decision about the work.
Judgment means a stale state of mind.
Judgment merely adds darkness to the soul.
Judgment needs to be used in deciding when to clean books.
Judgment occurs on the last day.
Judgment only makes it worse.
Judgment plays a major role in the use of conventions.
Judgment prevents the emergence of any new mode of existence.
Judgment processes relevant to drunk driving.
Judgment refers to a courtroom decision.
Judgment reflects cultural values.
Judgment reflects values.
Judgment regards the negative part of the law, and justice the active part.
Judgment relates to knowledge.
Judgment requires a judge, a basis of judgment, evidence of transgression, and a resulting verdict.
Judgment says it's good or bad.
Judgment stay for appeals and trial de novo.
Judgment sublates intelligence.
Judgment suppressing evidence is affirmed and the case is remanded.
Judgment takes place by ego intervention.
Judgment takes places.
Judgment takes up the content of intelligence toward verification.
Judgment uncovers a vicious lie in a somewhat minimalist fashion.
Judgment vacating the order is reversed.
Judgments affect infant mortality and public health in a wide area of the state.
Judgments are a key problem in the study of logic.
Judgments are beliefs.
Judgments are by ink type.
Judgments are conclusions or inferences based upon supporting facts.
Judgments are expressions of approval or disapproval.
Judgments are final and no appeal mechanism exists for the unsuccessful complainant.
Judgments are forever.
Judgments are free to print and can be searched by case name, date, division or file number.
Judgments are notmade nor action taken until the investigation is complete.
Judgments are opinions based on values, beliefs, or philosophical concepts.
Judgments are rare.
Judgments are true in virtue of the concepts alone.
Judgments are useful in background checks of an individual or business.
Judgments are valid for ten years in most states, and even after ten years they are renewable.
Judgments based on false perceptions can be errors.
Judgments based on probability depend upon experience.
Judgments bear interest at the legal rate.
Judgments bear interest at the same rate as the underlying debt.
Judgments become almost arbitrary.
Judgments can be indirect in terms of hypothetical decisions such as buying or gambling.
Judgments can be systematically wrong in various ways.
Judgments can constrain and often squash creativity altogether.
Judgments cause additional problems.
Judgments concerning proficiencies are incredibly time- intensive.
Judgments do rely on the codes.
Judgments earn interest from the date rendered until the day they are satisfied.
Judgments fall into two categories, primary and secondary.
Judgments Find the combined state judgment and lien filings for an individual.
Judgments have the force of law when signed by the judge.
Judgments have to be made which is in use in the document under consideration.
Judgments have to be made.
Judgments hold a vibrational rhythm pattern in place until it is healed.
Judgments involve our values, whereas descriptions are more neutral.
Judgments lead to anger, which leads to conflict, which can lead to a battle or war.
Judgments made by the ring officials are final.
Judgments only end up hurting the one who judges.
Judgments only hold the patterns in place.
Judgments remain on record for ten years and are renewable for another ten.
Judgments stay alive, and are collectible for extended periods-up to seven years in many states.
Judgments take even years to print and distribute due to lack of stationary.
Judgments tend to arise by inference from the conclusions that are reached.
Judgment often becomes impaired.
Judgments often have to rely on a clinical assessment alone.
All judgment creates distance, a disconnection, an experience of difference.
All judgments are final and are the responsibility of the judging panel.
All judgments are final.
All judgments are temporal and earthly.
All judgments are to be supported by as much objective evidence as possible.
All judgments are well-founded.
All judgments require reflection.
Any judgment granted on the provisional sentence summons is provisional only.
Any judgment obtained is a lien upon the securities.
Any judgments have to be very provisional.
Every judgment consists of two concepts, the subject and the predicate or object.
Many judgments follow motions.
Many judgments require one or both parties to take various acts in the future.
More judgment is required, however, to determine a worker's mastery of any particular module.
Most judgment has consequences.
Most judgment has practical consequences.
Most judgment has reach practical consequences.
Most judgment involves assessments.
Most judgment reflects cultural values.
Most judgment reflects values.
Most judgment relates to knowledge.
Most judgment takes places.
Most judgments are snap decisions without formal analysis.
Most judgments are valid for a period of ten years, and are renewable.
Some judgment comes from gods.
Some judgment is involved when applying local criteria.
Some judgment is required because some factors lead or lag others.
Some judgment is required to minimize both social impacts and damage to trailside vegetation.
Some judgment is required.
Some Judgments are avaliable in full text.
Some judgments are past.
Any judgmental comment is placed in italics.
Judgmental journalism happens out of ignorance as well.
Most judicatory offices employ a number of staff in addition to the senior official.
Judicial accountability is, indeed, a facet of the independence of the judiciary.
Judicial acts are . . . sped in open court at the instance of one or both of the parties.
Judicial action is pending against an individual accused of coercing labor during the year.
Judicial action needs to be sure and swift.
Judicial activism has a bad name.
Judicial activism is a potential problem in any legal or political system.
Judicial activism is a rendering
Judicial activism is, of course, a famously American perversion.
Judicial activism makes stuff up, judicial restraint applies what's there.
Judicial activism means failing to defend the Constitution.
Judicial administrators assist judges in carrying out court business.
Judicial admission is a concession
Judicial admissions are tantamount to unequivocal concessions of fact.
Judicial affairs listserv.
Judicial agency means an office .
Judicial appointees have lifetime tenure and can affect policy for a generation or more.
Judicial appointments are even more difficult to predict.
Judicial approval is also necessary for the seizure of certain business assets.
Judicial approval requires about two weeks.
Judicial assistance is provided on the basis of comity.
Judicial attitudes can shift.
Judicial authority enters only when local authority defaults.
Judicial authority is turned over in part to Italian magistrates in both criminal and civil cases.
Judicial authority is vested in a high court and subordinate courts.
Judicial authority is vested in the courts.
Judicial biographies are also available.
Judicial bypass is a constitutionally protected right.
Judicial candidates can suffer or benefit from the buzz created by partisan political candidates.
Judicial candidates refuse to express opinions and to characterize their viewpoints.
Most judicial candidates campaign with integrity.
Judicial canons prohibit candidates for the bench from discussing specific cases.
Judicial cases are likely to follow because the witness is muddled.
Judicial clerks argue in the hallways, or refuse to speak to each other altogether.
Judicial clerkship is a plus.
Judicial clerkships are an excellent way to gain valuable post-graduate experience.
Judicial clerkships offer one of the more unique legal experiences available to a young lawyer.
Most judicial clerkships are two year appointments.
Judicial commission reviews nonacademic affairs.
Judicial commissions yield nothing.
Judicial commitment requires court jurisdiction prior to commitment.
Judicial construction is authorized only where it lends itself to more than one interpretation.
Judicial construction is precluded where the statutory language is clear and unambiguous.
Judicial consultation can be an invaluable case strategy and evaluation tool.
Judicial costs are also high.
Judicial critics abound.
A judicial decision is a due process
Judicial decisions are case law .
Judicial decisions are non-controlling, with the exception of Argentina and Brazil.
Judicial decisions are often complex and controversial, and can be easily misrepresented.
Judicial determination establishes custody in only a small proportion of families.
Judicial discretion is abused when judicial action is arbitrary, fanciful, or unreasonable.
Judicial discretion is abused when the judicial action is arbitrary, fanciful, or unreasonable.
Judicial discretion is an essential component of fairness in the sentencing process.
Judicial discretion is an essential component of the classical school of criminology.
Judicial districts have from one to ninety-five judges.
Judicial economy dictates that the request be granted.
Judicial economy is achieved by an efficient, uniform and final resolution of multiple claims.
Judicial education is a primary means of advancing judicial competency.
Judicial elections are a minefield for lawyers.
Judicial elections are nonpartisan.
Judicial elections occur in odd-numbered years.
Judicial ethics guide the attorney in reacting to sensitive issues.
Judicial ethics prevent our speakers from addressing some special-interest groups.
Judicial ethics prevent the judge and the office clerks from giving legal advice.
Judicial evaluation is too important to be left to the judiciary.
Judicial experience is a valuable commodity both within the judiciary and the private law practice.
Judicial externs do mainly research, writing and court observations.
Judicial fiat is the wrong way.
Judicial foreclosure has many disadvantages to the lender.
Judicial foreclosure is roughly equal to bankruptcy.
Judicial hearings cancelled as consent agreement is reached.
Judicial hearings take place prior to a trial in both civil and criminal cases.
Some judicial history is necessary.
Judicial immunity depends upon the performance of a judicial function.
Judicial immunity extends to prosecutors for acts performed in initiating prosecutions.
Judicial independence affects everyone.
Judicial independence enriches democracy.
Judicial independence is a cornerstone of modern day government.
Judicial independence is a sacred cow.
Judicial independence is a subject that is discussed and debated with vigor.
Judicial independence is an important value.
Judicial independence is intended to foster impartiality in judicial decision making.
Judicial independence is the cornerstone of our justice system.
Judicial independence is the priceless possession of any country under the rule of law.
Judicial independence needs to be balanced by some degree of accountability to voters.
Judicial independence stands outside the waves and storms of power struggles.
Judicial independence starts fading with the highly partisan selection process.
Judicial information is valuable.
Judicial interference is directed only against public schools.
Judicial interpretation is limited to interpreting ambiguous provisions of the law.
Judicial interpretation is limited to the parties involved in a particular case.
Judicial intervention gives one man power over election outcomes.
Judicial intervention is now necessary to address the newest wealth barrier to our democracy.
Judicial intervention makes voting moot.
Judicial involvement maintains public confidence in the investigatory framework.
All judicial judgments have to be fair and make sure that all are equal before the law.
Judicial killing is on the rise.
Judicial language is another matter.
Judicial loathing can additionally create decisions which are cursory, delayed and inconsistent.
Judicial magistrates hear cases within their county of residence.
Judicial mediation has the obvious benefit of being free.
Judicial mystique is for the dark ages.
Judicial notice is obviously appropriate.
Judicial offices are different.
Judicial offices are subject to other laws that provide specific judicial fundraising periods.
All judicial offices are important ones.
All judicial offices are nonpartisan.
Judicial officers give reasons for their decisions.
Some judicial officers act as rubber stamps for social workers' recommendations.
Judicial officials appoint both defense and plaintiff attorneys to serve in arbitration pools.
Judicial opinions are available from a menu on the first page.
Judicial opinions are generally well-controlled pieces of apparently rational discourse.
Judicial opinions are, of course, subject to appellate review for error.
Judicial opinions form the basis of our legal system.
Judicial order preceding final judgment all become appealable upon final judgment.
Judicial oversight is critical to protecting individuals against abuses.
Any judicial petition is to disable some rights of the defendant.
Judicial power is exercised through independent courts.
Judicial power is explained in Article Six.
Judicial power is independent.
Judicial power is the authority vested in the judges.
Judicial power is the province of the courts.
Judicial power is vested in independent courts of justice.
Judicial power needs a more predictable basis.
All judicial powers are by our laws confided to the judges.
Judicial practice differs widely and legal opinion on the subject is divided.
Judicial precedent is as binding on administrative agencies as are statutes.
Judicial precedents are presumptively correct and valuable to the legal community as a whole.
Judicial preference is for maintenance awards of unlimited duration.
A judicial proceeding is a due process
Judicial proceedings continue for the other defendants.
Judicial proceedings continue.
Judicial proceedings vary widely from campus to campus.
Judicial protection is a condition for paying out compensation money.
Judicial protection is afforded in two ways.
Judicial races are generally of little interest to the public.
Judicial records are also a rich primary source of economic and social history.
Judicial records are part of the student's educational record.
Judicial records are personal and confidential.
Judicial records can also give a lot of information on relationships between people.
Judicial reform continues, but is incomplete.
Judicial reform is underway but progress to date has been insufficient in many countries.
Judicial reform is where a Libertarian favors more government.
Judicial reform remains a central question to be addressed by government in Peru.
Judicial remedies are also likely to be available.
Judicial representation is even thinner.
Judicial retention appears only on the general election ballot.
A judicial review is a review
Judicial review ensures accountability.
Judicial review is a fundamental principle of administrative law .
Judicial review is a fundamental principle of administrative law.
Judicial review is a vital safeguard against majoritarian tyranny.
Judicial review is also available.
Judicial review is another barrier against too much democracy.
Judicial review is available if a decision of an administrative nature is contrary to law.
Judicial review is available in a contested case.
Judicial review is available in the federal court of appeals.
Judicial review is available in the federal courts of appeals.
Judicial review is covered in the second chapter.
Judicial review is essential to our political process.
Judicial review is in accordance with Virginia's Administrative Process Act.
Judicial review is likewise hopeless under current circumstances.
Judicial review is limited in accordance with applicable law.
Judicial review is limited.
Judicial review is now a long-standing judicial principle in Canadian federalism jurisprudence.
Judicial review is the norm in our system of justice.
Judicial review is thus immediately and doubly suspect.
Judicial review is virtually unavailable.
Judicial reviews are legal proceeding.
Judicial reviews are reviews.
Judicial robes are acceptable if the candidate is an incumbent judge.
Judicial salaries hinge on the pay for the chief justice.
A judicial sale is agreement
Judicial sales are such as are ordered by virtue of the process of courts.
Judicial security is so important.
Judicial selection is an important aspect of the legal system that political scientists study.
Judicial selection is often a hot topic , especially in election years.
Judicial selection is too important to be removed from the electoral process.
Judicial separation is a decree
Judicial separation is slightly different in that there is only one decree rather than two.
Judicial sources say a passerby was the first person to give the accident alert.
Judicial structures remain arbitrary and often are used for political purposes.
Judicial structures remain arbitrary and often used for political purposes.
Judicial supervision secures impartial elections.
Judicial tendencies reveal that the more commercially viable a piece, the more it is protected.
Judicial time is all-precious.
Judicial warrants are necessary for premises entry.
Judicious acquisitions add excitement and life to an increasingly renowned collection.
Judicious decisions are never split-second decisions.
Judicious destruction clears space for new creation.
Judicious grazing appears to permit more establishment of bush muhly.
Judicious investments can improve the health, nutrition, education, and environment of children.
Judicious praise is to children what the sun is to flowers.
Judicious summary is needed, which is often more difficult than giving full detail.
Judicious use can assist in maintaining control of an otherwise uncontrollable patient.
Judicious use requires the oversight of a veterinarian at some point in the decision making process.
Judicous selection ensures that merchants are always one of few instead of one of many.
A judo is a sport
A judo is martial art
Judo awards two bronze medals.
Judo throws and counters.
Judo tournaments on the East Coast.
Judos are judos.
Judos are martial art.
Judos are sports.
A jug is a bottle
Jug isa bottle.
Jugs are available at each elementary school.
Jugs have (part) brims.
Jugs have (part) sections.
Jugs have water.
Most jugs have water.
A juggernaut is power
Juggernauts can be useful for anti-aircraft operations, as well as base defense.
A juggle is rearrangement
Juggle isa demonstration.
Juggles are performance.
Juggles are possible but very tricky.
Juggles candlestick on arm, and finally juggles candle, candlestick and table.
Juggles cigar, hat and umbrella.
A juggler is a performer
Juggler isa performer.
Jugglers also become familiar with the process of learning.
Jugglers appear, and fire eaters dancing with flames, and radical cheerleaders, and drum circles.
Jugglers are a simple people.
Jugglers are an eclectic crowd.
Jugglers are everywhere.
Jugglers are imitators.
Jugglers are located in carnivals.
Jugglers are located in parks.
Jugglers are nonconformists.
Jugglers are performers.
Jugglers attempt to make the complicated look natural.
Jugglers can find a comprehensive list of juggling books listed at The Circus Book Store.
Jugglers commonly feature in circuses, with many performers having enjoyed a star billing.
Jugglers do it until they drop.
Jugglers do it with more balls.
Jugglers have (part) arms.
Jugglers have (part) body substances.
Jugglers have (part) cell membranes.
Jugglers have (part) cells.
Jugglers have (part) corpi.
Jugglers have (part) cytoplasm.
Jugglers have (part) heads.
Jugglers have (part) human bodies.
Jugglers have (part) legs.
Jugglers have (part) material bodies.
Jugglers have (part) necks.
Jugglers have (part) nuclei.
Jugglers have (part) personality.
Jugglers have (part) plasma membranes.
Jugglers have (part) sections.
Jugglers have (part) vacuoles.
Jugglers learn in a narrow focus situation.
Jugglers multitask faster n greased lightnin and feel the weight o the world on their shoulders.
Jugglers naturally think outside of the box.
Jugglers relieve the boredom.
Jugglers often call the objects they juggle as props.
Jugglers often refer to the objects they juggle as props.
Jugglers usually learn the details of their art form other jugglers.
Every juggler seem to have bought at least one set of their equipment.
Many jugglers use one system exclusively.
Some jugglers juggle juggling clubs.
Some jugglers make their act more difficult by balancing themselves on a unicycle.
Some Jugglers prefer comparatively heavy ones while others fancy lighter ones.
Some jugglers prefer to have a box made of a light plywood covered with cloth and decorated.
Some jugglers use more dramatic objects such as knives , fire torches or chainsaws .
Every juggling act has an effect on the audience.
Jugglings are cheating.
Jugglings are human activities.
Jugglings are treatments.
Juglandaceous leaflet remains .
Jugoslav army is on the streets with their tanks.
Juice adds flavor.
Juice adds great flavor.
Juice adds sugar.
Juice contains acid.
Juice contains citric acid.
Juice contains electrolytes.
Juice contains irons.
Juice contains much sugar.
Juice contains sugar.
Juice contains vitamins.
Juice has benefits.
Juice has bitter taste.
Juice has calories.
Juice has concentrate sugar.
Juice has effects.
Juice has levels.
Juice has natural sugar.
Juice has pronounce effects.
Juice has properties.
Juice has sugar.
Juice has taste.
Juice helps intake.
Juice helps problems.
Juice helps urinary problems.
Juice increases immunity.
Juice is a food product
Juice is beverages.
Juice is current.
Juice is energy.
Juice is foodstuff.
Juice is liquids.
Juice is located in fridges.
Juice is located in gyms.
Juice is located in refrigerators.
Juice isa food.
Juice isa nutrient.
Juice loads with sugar.
Juice makes from fruit.
Juice offers benefits.
Juice offers health benefits.
Juice provides adequate fluid.
Juice provides fluid.
Juices also contain constituents that are known to help make minerals more absorbable.
Juices are a primary carrier of bacteria.
Juices are a very effective and integral part of cleansing.
Juices are all right some of the time, but they have a lot of sugar and calories as well.
Juices are another way to get extra vitamins and minerals.
Juices are beautiful and the cafe has a nice friendly air about it.
Juices are gentle nourishment to the body.
Juices are good, but remember many juice drinks are largely sugar water.
Juices are heat sensitive and their viscosities increase significantly as they are concentrated.
Juices are low in fiber.
Juices are made by squeezing the juice out of the fruit .
Juices are made by squeezing the juice out of the fruit.
Juices are okay also.
Juices are other tasty options.
Juices are pure no cocktails -they have sugar of some type.
Juices are sold chilled, frozen, or canned.
Juices are too concentrated with fruit sugar.
Juices are very easy on digestion - easily assimilated into the bloodstream.
Juices are very hot.
Juices can add extra calories.
Juices can be a concentrated source of calories.
Juices can be part of that, but bear in mind that they can also be quite calorific.
Juices can be part of that, but keep in mind that they can also be full of calories.
Juices can maake healthful sauce bases.
Juices can quench thirst and quell hunger.
Juices contain all of the goodness of the whole product in a condensed form.
Juices contain fruit sugar and vitamins, as well as water.
Juices contain little or no fiber.
Juices contain more carbohydrate, potassium and nutrients than the more dilute sports drinks.
Juices do lose valuable vitamins and minerals when processed.
Juices drip and sizzle on the hot coals.
Juices encourage the production of enzymes in the body.
Juices have the natural sugar from the fruit, but the lack fiber of fresh or canned fruit.
Juices lacking nitrogen can cause another problem.
Juices naturally contain water and sugar.
Juices run clear.
Juices support better metabolic activity for fasting, too.
All juices are freshly blended, imparting a bit of showmanship and a refreshing aroma.
Many juices also are fortified with calcium.
Most juice adds flavor.
Most juice adds great flavor.
Most juice adds sugar.
Most juice contains acid.
Most juice contains citric acid.
Most juice contains electrolytes.
Most juice contains irons.
Most juice contains much sugar.
Most juice contains sugar.
Most juice contains vitamins.
Most juice has benefits.
Most juice has bitter taste.
Most juice has calories.
Most juice has effects.
Most juice has levels.
Most juice has natural sugar.
Most juice has pronounce effects.
Most juice has properties.
Most juice has sugar.
Most juice helps intake.
Most juice helps problems.
Most juice helps urinary problems.
Most juice increases immunity.
Most juice is very low in fiber.
Most juice makes from fruit.
Most juice offers benefits.
Most juice offers health benefits.
Most juice provides adequate fluid.
Most juice provides fluid.
Most juices are high in sugar, which adds calories and stimulates the pancreas.
Most juices contain no fiber.
Most juices contain very little sodium, except for tomato juice and vegetable juice.
Most juices offer nothing more than calories.
Some juice causes inflammation.
Some juice causes skin inflammation.
Some juice contains active enzymes.
Some juice contains alkaline secretion.
Some juice contains calcium.
Some juice contains digestive enzymes.
Some juice contains enzymes.
Some juice contains levels.
Some juice contains nitrate.
Some juice contains pepsin.
Some juice contains proteins.
Some juice contains secretion.
Some juice encourages digestion.
Some juice encourages proper digestion.
Some juice enhances flavor.
Some juice has amounts.
Some juice has cholesterol.
Some juice has life.
Some juice has shelf life.
Some juice has sulphur.
Some juice helps absorption.
Some juice helps beets.
Some juice helps blood pressure.
Some juice helps in intake.
Some juice helps kidneys.
Some juice helps lower blood pressure.
Some juice helps lower pressure.
Some juice helps patients.
Some juice helps plants.
Some juice helps pressure.
Some juice helps prevent problems.
Some juice helps prevent urinary problems.
Some juice helps secretion.
Some juice helps vegetable plants.
Some juice increases absorption.
Some juice increases excretion.
Some juice is made of lemon.
Some juice kills bacteria.
Some juice lowers blood pressure.
Some juice makes from carrots.
Some juice makes from orange.
Some juice makes from purple carrots.
Some juice mixes with honey.
Some juice mixes with little honey.
Some juice mixes with milk.
Some juice mixes with oil.
Some juice mixes with powder.
Some juice mixes with vegetable oil.
Some juice mixes with vinegar.
Some juice mixes with water.
Some juice produces electricity.
Some juice protects livers.
Some juice provides immunity.
Some juice reduces absorption.
Some juice relieves pain.
Juiced baseballs are one way to explain it.
A juicer is a kitchen utensil
Juicers are a fantastic addition to a kitchen.
Juicers are available in a wide variety of models.
Juicers are available in glass, plastic and stainless steel.
Juicers are easy to clean.
Juicers are expensive.
All juicers have warranties.
Some juicers come with nut-butter attachments.
Juicy acidity balances the sweetness.
Juicy acidity carries the chocolate tinged finish.
Juicy baby backs too.
Juicy berry flavors with a fair amount of tannin and a hint of minerals.
Juicy cherry tomatoes.
Juicy currants are delicious to eat right off the stem.
Juicy fruit fills the palate.
Juicy gossip serves as social cement.
Juicy lips are the fresh, new look for the new millennium.
Juicy steaks are a specialty.
More juicy stuff comes in the way of an update in the save system.
Juju music is also from Nigeria.
Most jujube cultivars produce fruit without cross-pollination .
Jujube fruit is used to strengthen the stomach in traditional Chinese medicine.
Jujubes are red outside with a crispy texture, edible skin, and a sweet-tart flavor.
A juke is a joint
Jukes also is survived by seven grandchildren.
A jukebox is a phonograph
Jukeboxes are an excellent solution for optical management over a network.
Jukeboxes are available for most types of disc allowing automated access to a number of discs.
Jukeboxes are excellent for archiving applications.
Jukeboxes go into mass production.
Jukeboxs are located in bars.
Jukeboxs are located in cafes.
Jukeboxs are players.
All jukeboxes have a carriage controller.
Many jukeboxes exist in homes, warehouses, etc.
Julian date is computed wrong.
Julian dates are amazingly non-intuitive.
Julian dates follow the number of days in the year.
Julian day is pretty ugly to look at but convenient for calculations.
Julian day is referenced to the first day of the current year.
Julian days offers a blend of melodic and sincere rock spiced with a fusion of styles.
A julienne is soup
Juliennes are vegetables, etc. cut in thin strips of approx.
Juliet storm modifies a-fields.
July has (part) calendar weeks.
July isa month.
Jumble is disorder
Jumble isa condition.
Jumbles are thin, ring-shaped sugar cookies.
Jumbled thoughts are no problem.
Jumbled thriller uses movie cliches to endorse scriptural superstitions.
Jumbles reservoir has a number of walks and nature trails.
Jumbo asparagus can be sauteed, steamed, boiled, baked and fried.
Jumbo barrel has pocket clip.
Jumbo blades kick up enough of a fuss to get the attention of every bass in the vicinity.
Jumbo display shows indoor temperature and one of three remote temperature signals.
Jumbo frames are particularly useful for database transfers and tape backups.
Jumbo loans are more expensive than conventional ones.
Jumbo loans are usually at a higher interest rate than conforming loans.
Jumbo loans can get even more expensive.
Jumbo loans click on jumbo loans page.
Jumbo perch are the most abundant panfish.
Jumbo pin clutch - twin pin hammers deliver smooth, simultaneous blows.
Jumbo programs make owning an exceptional property a reality.
Jumbo shrimp are expensive and, for the price, the salt-cooked version is disappointing.
Jumbo size clumps.
Jumbo size makes tying the ends easier.
Some jumbo squids wash up on beaches.
A jump ball is a beginning
Jump balls are beginnings.
Jump balls go to the defense.
Some jump beans have capsules.
Jump hook is a weapon in the paint.
Jump kicks are awesome for helicopters, but useless for building attacks.
A jump rope is a rope
Jump rope is a great cardio workout.
A jump seat is a seat
Jump seats are retractable.
Jump seats fold to expand seating to seven.
Jump spiders attack beetles.
Jump spiders attack soldier beetles.
Jump spiders have legs.
Jump spiders have vision.
Most jump spiders have legs.
Most jump spiders have vision.
Some jump spiders eat spiders.
Some jump spiders have appearances.
A jump is an actuation
Jump grab to the climbing ladder, climb up to near the top and do a backwards jump.
Jump grab to the high ledge and climb up.
Jump pegs on a cross-shaped board removing each jumped peg.
Jump roping is a unique part of our cultural heritage.
Jump roping is simple, easy and fun.
Jump start a dead battery.
Jump start an effective time management strategy.
Jump start an interactive discussion by focusing it on a concrete task or special event.
Jump start productivity with a library of pre-existing template applications.
Jump start The down-turned 'V' hands clamp down on imaginary terminals of a car battery.
Jump start the first meeting.
Jump start the new parents' video library with sure winners.
Jump start the nutritional value of meals eaten at home.
Jump start the private sector.
Jump start The use of an external battery to start an engine.
Jump start the year or cap off that deal in our spacious function rooms.
Jump starts for thinking, creating and visualizing.
Jump starts work but cost much more than a course with a workshop.
Jump tends to do more damage but divides it into two separate blows.
Jump turns on telemark skis allow for a very quick turn and are ideal on short, narrow steeps.
Jumps  fall.
Jumps are also in good shape.
Jumps are are removed for the long sits.
Jumps are available.
Jumps are chicken coops, posts and rails, and planks.
Jumps are chicken coops, some tiger traps, posts and rails with a few stone walls.
Jumps are descents.
Jumps are different on a snowboard.
Jumps are frequent at large segment number.
Jumps are illegal in ice dancing.
Jumps are increases.
Jumps are invitational.
Jumps are mostly coops and are from three foot to three foot six inches.
Jumps are motivated by the goal of scareds.
Jumps are obvious when the number of saturated columns changes.
Jumps are preemptive.
Jumps are propulsion.
Jumps are singles.
Jumps are the first manoeuvre that riders usually learn.
Jumps are the most common cause of spinal injuries among snowboarders.
Jumps are transitions.
Jumps are twenty feet wide so that many horses can jump over at the same time.
Jumps are very stable and easy to use.
Jumps cause jumps.
Jumps come in many shapes and sizes.
Jumps develop off of the outer wall which turns inward on the flow.
Jumps lead to the Gibbs phenomenon and lots of ripples that hurt global polynomial fits.
Jumps make it possible to perform loops by jumping the PC register to a specified literal.
Jumps range from maiden to novice.
Jumps seem noticeably softer on landings.
Jumps There are four types of jumps in Olympic competition.
Jumps often take place at night.
All jumps are proportionate to a dog s size.
All jumps are simple jumps.
All jumps have different characteristics.
Every jump is a new jump.
Every jump look like it was sponsored by a local florist.
Some jumps are the same however so check it out.
A jumper is a person
Jumper isa garment.
Jumpers also make changing diapers easier.
Jumpers also pike, flip, and do handstands as they move between the ropes.
Jumpers also tend to look toward the open end instead of the fall rate setter or clone jumper.
Jumpers are connections.
Jumpers are coveralls.
Jumpers are dresses.
Jumpers are evil.
Jumpers are great-very comfortable and work well with layers over the top.
Jumpers are jackets.
Jumpers are jugglers.
Jumpers are much more common than switches, but they are harder to use.
Jumpers are people.
Jumpers are plastic plugs with metal sleeves that form a circuit between a pair of pins.
Jumpers are quite different from hunters.
Jumpers are responsible for their own safety.
Jumpers are rows of pins that are used to change settings and close connections.
Jumpers are small pins on the board with plastic or metal devices that go over the pins.
Jumpers are very small and easy to lose.
Jumpers are well organised and easily accessible.
Jumpers attach their parachutes together by performing a series of controlled collisions.
Jumpers can attest to the fact that the opposite is true.
Jumpers can choose when to enter the competition.
Jumpers can now find out if claims by manufacturers are valid.
Jumpers can transform their companies faster than long-term, 'loyal' employees.
Jumpers connect different pins in order to switch between the three modes.
Jumpers do dock on moving targets.
Jumpers earn prizes based on contributions from family and friends.
Jumpers form one line to enter the rope near one of the turners.
Jumpers get there fast, and can put the fire out while it's small.
Jumpers have (part) button holes.
Jumpers have (part) collars.
Jumpers have (part) cuffs.
Jumpers have (part) hems.
Jumpers have (part) lap covering.
Jumpers have (part) pocket flaps.
Jumpers have (part) pockets.
Jumpers have (part) sections.
Jumpers have (part) skirts.
Jumpers have (part) sleeve.
Jumpers here are like a big family, and put the emphisis on having a good time.
Jumpers jump with different groups of people.
Jumpers leap from still objects, as opposed to airplanes and other moving objects.
Jumpers make up for size with cunning.
Jumpers open too close to each other for a variety of reasons.
Jumpers provide four threshold positions with an LED to aid in setup.
Jumpers provide phase reversal and a choice of earthing options.
Jumpers require cushion without excessive depth.
Jumpers tend to forget to keep their legs extended.
Jumpers train in groups of four.
Jumpers wait five seconds after exiting the aircraft to pull their rip cord.
All jumpers are open.
Every jumper has a wide range of fall rates.
Many jumpers figure that if they do a perfect dock then their job is done.
Many jumpers find building round or star formations to be difficult.
Most jumpers fall into the average category.
Most jumpers have excellent survival skills.
Most jumpers use visual cues for altitude determination.
Some jumpers do wrong by chasing the open grip or reaching for it.
Some jumpers even use an audible altimeter as a primary altitude indicator.
Some jumpers have energy.
Some jumpers have gravitational energy.
Some jumpers have gravitational potential energy.
Some jumpers have kinetic energy.
Some jumpers have potential energy.
Some jumpers leave several inches of the pilot chute apex dangling from the mouth of the pouch.
Some jumpers like to perform a pre-jump on the ground.
Some jumpers like to perform hook turns because they're fun, like driving a car at the edge.
Some jumpers make shorter stows because they fear baglock malfunctions.
Jumpered setup allows vcore tweaking.
A jumping bean is a seed
Jumping beans are still available for sale in the United States.
Jumping beans remain active for several months.
A jumping jack is a toy
Some jumping jacks has sour therefore sad, until place rises nobody.
Jumping puzzles abound but aren t as difficult as in the first episode.
Jumping puzzles suck.
Jumping are activities.
Jumping are albums.
Jumping are events.
Jumping are jumping.
Jumping cause landings.
A jumpsuit is a garment
Jumpsuits are extra.
Jumpsuits have front zipper.
Jumpy moments keep the adrenaline flowing.
Jumpy people have a regrettable tendency to sell stuff until they calm down.
Jumpy pics are just the start of it.
Junco isa finch.
Juncos arrive in our area at the beginning of winter and migrate north as spring arrives.
Juncos defend territory.
Juncos drink water.
Juncos eat insects.
Juncos get adult plumages.
Juncos get plumages.
Juncos have (part) air sacs.
Juncos have (part) bird's feet.
Juncos have (part) brains.
Juncos have (part) breasts.
Juncos have (part) cell membranes.
Juncos have (part) cells.
Juncos have (part) chest cavities.
Juncos have (part) chests.
Juncos have (part) corpi.
Juncos have (part) cytoplasm.
Juncos have (part) ears.
Juncos have (part) faces.
Juncos have (part) flight feathers.
Juncos have (part) heads.
Juncos have (part) lips.
Juncos have (part) mouths.
Juncos have (part) nuclei.
Juncos have (part) plasma membranes.
Juncos have (part) quill feathers.
Juncos have (part) rib cages.
Juncos have (part) second joints.
Juncos have (part) sections.
Juncos have (part) skulls.
Juncos have (part) sterna.
Juncos have (part) talons.
Juncos have (part) vacuoles.
Juncos have (part) wishbones.
Juncos have heads.
Juncos have light gray heads.
Juncos have many different songs.
Juncos have round heads.
Juncos have songs.
Juncos leave tracks.
Juncos look like birds.
All juncos have a pink bill and white outer tail feathers.
Most juncos eat insects.
Most juncos get adult plumages.
Most juncos get plumages.
Most juncos have heads.
Most juncos have light gray heads.
Most juncos have many different songs.
Most juncos have round heads.
Most juncos have songs.
Most juncos look like birds.
Some juncos arrive at homes.
Some juncos become conditions.
Some juncos eat beetles.
Some juncos eat buds.
Some juncos eat insect beetles.
Some juncos have backs.
Some juncos have brown eyes.
Some juncos have distribution.
Some juncos have edges.
Some juncos have eyes.
Some juncos have levels.
Some juncos have notes.
Some juncos have residue levels.
Some juncos have widespread distribution.
Some juncos survive years.
Some juncos take advantage.
Juncos like to eat primarily on the ground or in ground feeders as shown.
Juncos like to nest on the ground in mudbanks, tufts of weeds, fallen logs or rock ledges.
Most juncos defend territory.
Most juncos leave tracks.
Some juncos inhabit edges.
Junction blocks are an easy, and relatively safe, place to attach a wiretap device.
Junction blocks are where telephone wires connect to each other in the building.
Junction boxes facilitate cable pulling and allow cabling to be added or upgraded.
Junction boxes intercept overflows before they spill into the waterways.
Junction City is a good team.
Junction City is in Trinity County .
Junction City is the site of a parade and numerous other activities.
Junction points are transparent to programs.
All junction points are well marked and the trail map was easy to follow.
A junction is a place
Junction are important an party to can now.
Junction is a point where two dissimilar metals are joined.
Junction is a small town.
Junction is one of the largest ruins in the canyon.
Junction is underneath false floor below the corner cabinet.
Junction is underneath false floor in front of the electronics rack in the optics room.
Junction is underneath false floor near the water chiller.
Junction now supports named pipes.
Junctions also make it possible to add specialized servers to handle specific types of requests.
Junctions are configurations.
Junctions are connections.
Junctions are connectors.
Junctions are joining.
Junctions are local gray-value structures with multiple intrinsic scales and orientations.
Junctions are unions.
Junctions are where the great majority of collisions occur.
Junctions provide a single namespace.
Junctional complexes display temporal and positional patterns consistent with regional specificity.
Junctional lesions show nests of nevus cells in the epidermis at the dermal-epidermal junction.
Junctional rhythm is common with halothane from suppression of sinus node activity.
Junctural essence creates our world and the self.
June has (part) calendar weeks.
June has (part) summer solstices.
June isa month.
A juneberry is a berry
Juneberries are also a source of manganese, magnesium, and iron for the human diet.
Jungian analysts feel that such conflicts are best resolved through an honest inner struggle.
Jungian psychologists study fairy tales to learn about the anatomy of the psyche.
Jungian psychology has much to say about wholeness.
Jungian typology has to be changed in some way to make it fit with temperament.
Most jungle animals travel towards water at dawn and dusk.
Jungle is books.
Jungle is forests.
Jungle is locations.
Jungle is woods
Jungle isa forest.
Jungle possesses animals.
Jungle possesses panthers.
Jungles are chock-full of pine trees, maple trees, and blackberry bushes.
Jungles are simply warm forests that are very densely vegetated at the forest floor.
Jungles have more light and denser vegetation in the understory.
Jungles vary tremendously from one place to another.
Jungles often grow without limitations or boundaries.
Most jungle possesses animals.
Most jungle possesses panthers.
Most jungles grow near rivers or former clearings.
Most jungles have at least one group of people who are cannibals.
Some jungle is really good.
Some jungle surrounds cities.
Junior campers participate in trips.
Most junior campers participate in trips.
Some junior campers participate in activities.
Junior catcher sets new career-highs with four hits and five runs driven in.
Many junior clubs feed the O.K.'s membership roles.
A junior college is a college
Junior colleges are a good idea for a jump start.
Junior colleges are academies.
Junior colleges are an ideal place to start.
Junior colleges are colleges.
Many junior colleges offer technology training courses as do technology consulting companies.
Most junior colleges use the same course numbers as the state numbering system.
Junior competitions are one level below the championship level.
Junior employees are also vital to the functioning of a business.
Junior employees are often responsible for preparing the initial financials.
Junior events expose more people to mushing, and to the sport in an overall sense.
Many junior executives are graduates.
Junior exploration companies make decisions.
All junior faculty are eligible to participate.
Many junior faculty express distaste for the tenure process.
All junior fees are half price.
Junior goalkeeper stops everything.
Junior golf is a big hit here.
Junior golf is supposed to be more than a training ground for little rich kids.
Most junior guards like to ocean swim and like to run.
Every junior guest gets a stuffed sea turtle to take home.
A junior high is a secondary school
Most junior highs offer courses in earth, biological, and physical sciences, and chemistry.
Junior hockey meets most fans' criterion for good hockey.
Many junior lawyers realise the benefits of eastern European emerging markets experience.
Junior leaders are really leaders in training.
Junior leaders are welcome to help out.
All junior members are to have at least one parent or guardian present at the meeting.
Junior membership can e indefinite in length.
Junior officers work weekends.
Most junior officers work weekends.
Some junior officers learn a lesson about getting too anxious for liberty call.
Some junior officers remain skeptical about the carrier's performance.
All junior parents are most welcome to attend as well.
Many junior players take off the headgear at their first chance.
All junior racquets listed below come with a cover and are pre-strung by the manufacturer.
Junior runner competes for national championship.
Junior students are active scholars.
Junior tutorial allows students to design an individual program of study.
A junior is a person
Junior majors only.
Juniors address a posted question from the literature and present solutions.
Juniors also have numerous social events to choose from, including cookouts and movie nights.
Juniors also have their own special activities including exchanges with other clubs.
Juniors also learn the long game on the adjacent driving range.
Juniors are also welcome to attend, particularly on the Spring dates.
Juniors are automatically registered.
Juniors are eligible for admission into the political science national honorary society.
Juniors are eligible for A-rating certificates.
Juniors are eligible for conditional acceptance.
Juniors are eligible for two years of support, seniors for one.
Juniors are eligible to apply for the program.
Juniors are eligible.
Juniors are equally welcome.
Juniors are impatient.
Juniors are in the lead so far.
Juniors are limited to five semesters.
Juniors are limited to three visits for the fall without special permission from their counselors.
Juniors are people.
Juniors are responsible for scheduling their own tee times.
Juniors are scared to death for the first few months.
Juniors are so important to the future of the sport of dogs and to responsible dog ownership.
Juniors are the future of golf.
Juniors are the future of many sports.
Juniors are to remain standing until the senior member of the mess is seated.
Juniors are under constant adult supervision during the weekend.
Juniors are upstarts.
Juniors are usually in the top quarter.
Juniors are very welcome.
Juniors are welcome at clubs, so that is great to see.
Juniors are welcome to attend to learn about internships and future career opportunities.
Juniors are welcome to play, and age is irrelevant.
Juniors are welcome.
Juniors become sen iors.
Juniors Begin early in the fall to investigate summer internships.
Juniors Begin the college exploration process.
Juniors begin the formal application process.
Juniors begin the season with dryland training in the fall.
Juniors begin to study frequency response and transient response of diodes and transistors.
Juniors can also apply.
Juniors can also take advantage of the college fairs to begin the college search process.
Juniors can apply in the spring.
Juniors can benefit from learning to serve and volley.
Juniors can choose a field they are interested in and participate in that field daily.
Juniors can expect to receive and interpret their CISS results from the previous month.
Juniors can help with landscaping projects around the church.
Juniors can obtain information about internship opportunities and contacts.
Juniors can practice their marketing skills in the team sales competition.
Juniors can read it for themselves.
Juniors can sign up for one day or two days each weekend.
Juniors can take the class with special permission.
Juniors can use it as they proceed though their college and university selection process.
Juniors can use the services offered to identify specific career paths.
Juniors continue taking classes for the three elective requirements and take the Humanities class.
Juniors continue to visit biotechnology companies and visit college campuses.
Juniors do research on community service agencies.
Juniors enjoy what little time they have.
Juniors exhibit their work in a joint exhibition.
Juniors explore a range of diverse conceptual attitudes and practical techniques.
Juniors finalize internships.
Juniors gather for honors seminars focusing on global traditions in ethics.
Juniors gather for Honors seminars focusing on global traditions in ethics.
Juniors get onto the Web.
Juniors get ready to serve.
Juniors get to decorate a bedroom.
Juniors have all rights and privileges of the club except voting or holding office.
Juniors have another year.
Juniors have lower fees.
Juniors have their services at the shelter house .
Juniors have to go through a lottery process to get off campus.
Juniors help others through service projects and serve the church as acolytes.
Juniors host prom for the seniors.
Juniors Identify additional internship positions and begin to make contact with employers.
Juniors initiate the salute and greeting.
Juniors is a means of continuing education through programs, projects and working with others.
Juniors Learn a language.
Juniors learn how to play the game and how to interact with other golfers.
Juniors learn to apply practical skills, contributing as working engineers.
Juniors learn to schedule their work by means of a contract.
Juniors nominate and vote for senior royalty.
Juniors package including tuition, accommodation, activities.
Juniors participate in local regattas throughout the summer.
Juniors participate in Tennis , Swimming and Diving .
Juniors participate in the program by doing volunteer work in their specified area of interest.
Juniors play at a minimal charge when accompanied by an adult.
Juniors play for that rate all day.
Juniors play for the above rates.
Juniors quickly learn to compete on the executive length golf course.
Juniors race free in any category with no late fees or unattached fees.
Juniors race with their category.
Juniors receive a letter grade based on their oral and written summaries of seminars attended.
Juniors receive help in selecting colleges, determining major areas or study and test preparation.
Juniors receive plaques.
Juniors receive their blessings from elders after giving a dozen leaves of betel.
Juniors receive their rings at the ceremony.
Juniors represent another opportunity for the industry.
Juniors scoop up the singles that are left.
Juniors seeking internships and seniors seeking full-time employment are eligible to attend.
Juniors shoot for half price, unless they play the money, in which case they pay full prices.
Juniors smile for their group photo on pick-up day.
Juniors speak first to avoid bias from more senior members.
Juniors spend a semester studying the relationship between religion and social justice.
Juniors spend the first semester attending college guidance classes.
Juniors study one hour per day in their chosen magnet area.
Juniors take care of seniors before themselves in and outside the dojo.
Juniors take ethics and psychology.
Juniors take six core classes spread over the two semesters in the junior year.
Juniors take the additional courses they have selected to prepare for their internship and project.
Juniors take two half-courses of tutorial or courses designated as tutorial equivalents.
Juniors take two one-term tutorials.
Juniors undergo a practice interview with a college admissions officer.
Juniors use large format cameras.
Juniors use the lab, so they are ready to use it in senior design.
Juniors wear a white cotton belt and have a white braid.
Juniors wishing to do research away from the home institution are preferred candidates.
Juniors work to create a quality portfolio.
Juniors write reports on lectures and seniors present lectures.
All juniors are welcome.
All juniors pick in order of lottery number.
All juniors welcome, any level of interest in tennis is compatible.
All juniors welcome.
Any junior is eligible to apply.
Any junior is invited to attend meetings.
Every junior writes a small current events paper in United States history.
Most juniors worth their salt are too tired to moonlight in private hospitals.
Some Juniors get a lesson in dealing with the media.
A juniper berry is fruit
Juniper berries are a good diuretic as well and they strengthen the nervous system.
Juniper berries are common in gray fox, ringtail and raccoon scats.
Juniper berries are fruit.
Juniper berries are part of juniper.
Juniper berries are probably best known for their worldwide use as the flavouring for gin.
Juniper berries are rich in vitamin C, volatile oils and other nutrients.
Juniper berries are the source of the flavour of gin.
Juniper berries are very good for little birds.
Juniper berries cause the kidneys to produce more urine.
Juniper berries grow in abundance here in newfoundland.
Juniper berries have a fragrant, spicy aroma and a slightly bittersweet flavour.
Juniper berries have a fragrant, spicy aroma, and a slightly bittersweet flavor.
Juniper berries lend a pungent note to the stuffing.
Juniper berries stand out.
Juniper mistletoes occur in localities.
Most juniper mistletoes occur in localities.
Juniper seeds require temperature.
All juniper species grow berries, but most are considered too bitter to eat.
All juniper species grow berries, but some are considered too bitter to eat.
Juniper trees are evergreen shrubs or trees.
Juniper trees are slow growing.
Juniper trees are trees.
Juniper trees give way to willows and then cedars.
Juniper trees grow to height.
Juniper trees grow very slowly and make a very resilient wood.
Juniper trees have a moderate to fast growth rate.
Juniper trees provide food sources.
Juniper trees provide primary food sources.
Juniper trees provide primary sources.
Juniper trees provide sources.
Juniper trees range in height.
Juniper trees reach out their dry branches.
Juniper trees to produce seeds.
Most juniper trees grow to height.
Most juniper trees provide food sources.
Most juniper trees provide primary food sources.
Most juniper trees provide primary sources.
Most juniper trees provide sources.
Most juniper trees range in height.
Juniper webworm is a caterpillar that makes messy nests of webbing, dead needles and grass.
Juniper develops roots.
Juniper grown by the door discourages thieves.
Juniper grows areas.
Juniper grows in climates.
Juniper grows in woodlands.
Juniper grows in zones.
Juniper grows many areas.
Juniper grows under conditions.
Juniper grows under natural conditions.
Juniper has (part) cell membranes.
Juniper has (part) cells.
Juniper has (part) corpi.
Juniper has (part) cytoplasm.
Juniper has (part) nuclei.
Juniper has (part) plasma membranes.
Juniper has (part) sections.
Juniper has (part) vacuoles.
Juniper has (part) xylem.
Juniper has advantage.
Juniper has aroma.
Juniper has competitive advantage.
Juniper has problems.
Juniper has spicy aroma.
Juniper invades ranges.
Juniper is a cypress
Juniper is bushs.
Juniper is conifers.
Juniper is cypresses.
Juniper is evergreens.
Juniper is plants.
Juniper is shrubs.
Juniper is trees.
Juniper isa bush.
Juniper isa shrub.
Juniper occurs in climate zones.
Juniper occurs in grassland habitats.
Juniper occurs in habitats.
Juniper occurs in subtropical climate zones.
Juniper occurs in subtropical zones.
Juniper occurs in zones.
Juniper produces flowers.
Juniper produces pollen.
Juniper receives water.
Juniper tolerates drought.
Junipers actually produce small cones with fleshy, fused scales bearing one-several seeds.
Junipers are a perfect solution in areas with low rainfall or water shortages.
Junipers are also peculiar in that they have two types of evergreen leaves.
Junipers are also suitable for many styles.
Junipers are among one of the toughest plants for the landscape.
Junipers are among the best adapted and hence the most commonly grown evergreens in Missouri.
Junipers are among the toughest plants in the landscape.
Junipers are another source of spring allergens.
Junipers are at their best with sun.
Junipers are cross-reactive with cedars.
Junipers are dioecious.
Junipers are evergreen.
Junipers are evergreens in the conifer family.
Junipers are hardy, forgiving, keep their color and can be worked on almost any time.
Junipers are outdoor trees.
Junipers are tidy, organized, presentable.
Junipers are tough, resilient trees that make excellent fence posts, either whole or split.
Junipers are used as ground covers, in foundation plantings, or as hedges, screens or windbreaks.
Junipers are used for groundcovers and border plantings.
Junipers are very prickly, but they have very attractive blue berries.
Junipers are well adapted to dry soil conditions.
Junipers become infected in late summer and fall, and galls develop in the spring.
Junipers can have a dramatic impact upon grassland plant communities they invade.
Junipers can serve as both shrubs and trees.
Junipers come in all sizes, colors and shapes.
Junipers contain monoterpenoid oils which are volitable.
Junipers do make very fine bonsai.
Junipers do tolerate some tip pruning.
Junipers even make great bonsai plants.
Junipers generally enjoy full sun and good drainage.
Junipers grow in any type of soil as long as it is well-drained.
Junipers grow in the northern hemisphere.
Junipers grow on the uplands.
Junipers grow very slowly.
Junipers have other important functions as well.
Junipers have purple berries that attract birds.
Junipers have to be planted in the sun.
Junipers have two types of needles, one scalelike and the other prickly and sharp.
Junipers like to be on the dry side, so let it dry out almost completely before watering it again.
Junipers prefer a limestone soil with good drainage but they can adapt to most types of soils.
Junipers prefer open, sunny locations in well-drained soils.
Junipers produce a non-woody cone that reminds many people of a blueberry.
Junipers produce a strong odor that is noticeable from a distance.
Junipers produce pollen cones or flowers on male plants to pollinate female plants and produce seed.
Junipers provide shelter for birds and small animals of all kinds.
Junipers range in size from low-growing ground covers to shrubs and small trees.
Junipers require huge amounts of water.
Junipers require low pollution levels and fertile, free-draining soil for best growth.
Junipers respond to annual pruning in summer quite well.
Junipers seem to use quite a bit of phosphorus in there growing.
Junipers serve as an alternate choice for cedar apple rust.
Junipers suffer few plant diseases.
Junipers thrive in full sun and in well drained soils.
Junipers tolerate a wide range of soil types, including alkaline soils.
Junipers tolerate many soil types but prefer well-draining soil and sunny locations.
Junipers work well because they tend to have dead wood anyway, they are flexible and forgiving.
Junipers frequently exhibit dieback of shoot tips or entire shoots and browning of needles.
All junipers develop a dead zone in the center of the plant because of insufficient light.
All junipers generally enjoy full sun and good drainage.
Many junipers are drought tolerant and require little attention except for bagworm infestations.
Many junipers are rather deer resistant.
Most juniper develops roots.
Most juniper grows areas.
Most juniper grows in climates.
Most juniper grows in woodlands.
Most juniper grows in zones.
Most juniper grows many areas.
Most juniper grows under conditions.
Most juniper grows under natural conditions.
Most juniper has advantage.
Most juniper has aroma.
Most juniper has competitive advantage.
Most juniper has problems.
Most juniper has spicy aroma.
Most juniper occurs in climate zones.
Most juniper occurs in grassland habitats.
Most juniper occurs in zones.
Most juniper produces flowers.
Most juniper produces pollen.
Most juniper receives water.
Most junipers are dense, possessing aromatic wood and shreddy bark.
Most Junipers require sun, very well drained soil, and are drought tolerant.
Some juniper grows as dwarf shrubs.
Some juniper grows as shrubs.
Some juniper grows at elevation.
Some juniper grows in places.
Some juniper grows on banks.
Some juniper has ability.
Some juniper has bark.
Some juniper has brown bark.
Some juniper has cones.
Some juniper has distribution.
Some juniper has female cones.
Some juniper has growth habits.
Some juniper has habits.
Some juniper has impact.
Some juniper has low shade tolerance.
Some juniper has low tolerance.
Some juniper has patterns.
Some juniper has seasonal patterns.
Some juniper has shade tolerance.
Some juniper has stable patterns.
Some juniper has stable seasonal patterns.
Some juniper has tolerance.
Some juniper invades areas.
Some juniper mistletoes cause mortality.
Some juniper prevents infection.
Some juniper prevents tract infection.
Some juniper prevents urinary infection.
Some juniper prevents urinary tract infection.
Some juniper produces berries.
Some juniper produces cone crops.
Some juniper produces crops.
Some juniper produces large cone crops.
Some juniper produces large seed crops.
Some juniper produces seed crops.
Some juniper provides food.
Some juniper requires establishments.
Some juniper survives disturbances.
Some juniper survives severe disturbances.
A junk bond is a bond
Junk bonds are an important part of the financial food chain.
Junk bonds are bonds.
Junk bonds are easier to comprehend and shine with mainstream acceptance.
Junk bonds are highly speculative and risky investments.
Junk bonds are like beer.
Junk bonds are long-term IOUs issued by companies with low credit ratings.
Junk bonds are the lowest-rated corporate bonds.
Junk bonds are the riskiest portion of the domestic bond market.
Junk bonds are usually the last resort for fallen angels.
Junk bonds cost consumers more to issue, of course.
Junk bonds tend to be more volatile and higher yielding than bonds with higher quality ratings.
Most junk bonds are corporate bonds.
Junk email continues to grow as an industry.
Junk Email costs ISPs huge amounts of money annually.
Junk email costs millions of dollars every year in wasted time, bandwidth, and resources.
Junk email does both.
Junk email does the same thing on a far larger scale at almost no cost to the sender.
Junk email has indirect costs, too.
Junk email is an inexpensive, albeit annoying, form of marketing.
Junk email is called spam.
Junk email is kept to a minimum.
Junk email is the term used to describe the result of the unbridled use of email.
Junk email is theft.
Junk email shifts the costs of advertising from the advertiser to the recipient.
Junk email slows communications, drains resources, and can seriously harm networks.
Many junk emails are illegal get rich scams.
Junk fax is illegal in the United States, but marketing by phone or direct mail is quite legal.
Junk faxes are illegal because the user pays.
Junk faxes are illegal.
Junk faxes are one example of new ways to use fax technology.
Junk faxes are, by law, opt-in.
Junk food can be both delicious and fat-free. . .
Junk food can be okay as long as it's balanced against a more healthy approach.
Junk food contains amazing amounts of fat.
Junk food has diets.
Junk food has no food value.
Junk food is a no-no.
Junk food is a slang word for foods with limited nutritional value.
Junk food is a treat.
Junk food is another no-no.
Junk food is as bad for rats as it is for people.
Junk food is bad food.
Junk food is better than healthy food.
Junk food is better than no food at all.
Junk food is constantly around teenagers in America.
Junk food is food.
Junk food is included on the grounds that nerds do their best work on high sugar diets.
Junk food is just too much of a good thing.
Junk food is located in fairs.
Junk food is located in parties.
Junk food is low in oxygen and high in toxic chemicals and preservatives.
Junk food is okay in moderation.
Junk food is solid food
Junk food is taxed.
Junk food is the catch all name for just having munchies around.
Junk food is to children's advertising what sex is to advertising for adults.
Junk food link to asthma.
Junk food raises teens' risk of heart disease.
Junk food tastes so much better at the ball park.
Junk foods are even part of the fare if desired.
Junk foods are junk foods.
Junk foods cloud the brain.
Junk foods create unhealthy junk bodies.
Junk foods decrease total body vitality in both immediate strength and endurance.
Junk foods deplete oxygen stores.
Junk foods rob our bodies of B vitamins, because empty calories require nutrients for digestion.
Junk food's the menu at any children's gathering.
Most junk food has diets.
Some junk food causes cancer.
Some junk food diets cause problems.
Junk guns are disproportionately the weapon used in homicides and other crimes.
Junk mail begets junk replies.
Junk mail costs consumers money through their phone bill and time to delete the unwanted mail.
Junk mail damages the community.
Junk mail exists in the online world as well.
Junk mail gets a bad rap, but most people read the direct-mail solicitations they receive.
Junk mail goes here.
Junk mail goes to antispam .
Junk mail has it's value.
Junk mail is a dirty business but someone has got to do it.
Junk mail is a menace to all people with e-mail accounts.
Junk mail is a real no no.
Junk mail is a third class
Junk mail is another pain haunting some people.
Junk mail is bounced before it gets anywhere near our customers servers for onward delivery.
Junk mail is forbidden.
Junk mail is fun.
Junk mail is futile.
Junk mail is legal.
Junk mail is like the pub bore.
Junk mail is located in desks.
Junk mail is located in mail boxs.
Junk mail is located in mail.
Junk mail is located in trash.
Junk mail is more of an annoyance than a serious problem.
Junk mail is more than an annoyance.
Junk mail is more than just annoying.
Junk mail is one of people's biggest concerns.
Junk mail needs databases to survive.
Junk mail reflects what's on offer and how many people are offering it.
Junk mail uses bandwidth.
Junk mail uses CPU time.
Junk mail uses disk space.
Most junk mail uses virgin paper and toxic ink and is often of poor recycling value.
Much junk mail uses virgin paper, often of types with poor recycling value and toxic inks.
Junk science involves sifting selectively through statistics to bolster preconceived notions.
Junk science is awfully resilient.
Junk science is faulty scientific data and analysis used to used to further a special agenda.
Junk science is one of the main tools used against environmental regulation.
Junk science is used by a wide range of special interests to advance their various agendas.
Junk science makes junk law.
Junk science runs amok when discussing the perils of second hand smoke.
Junk science takes no time.
Junk also arises from indiscriminate seed collection from non-superior trees.
Junk faxes .
Junk faxes spilling all over the carpet.
Junk includes trash, waste, discarded things, and salvage materials.
Junk is an ideal product an absolute commodity.
Junk is boats.
Junk is good because junk is cheap.
Junk is horible to come off.
Junk is jazz and funk.
Junk is located in attics.
Junk is located in beds.
Junk is located in boxs.
Junk is located in cellars.
Junk is located in desks.
Junk is located in drawers.
Junk is located in garages.
Junk is located in mail.
Junk is located in purses.
Junk is located in television.
Junk is put in the debris boxes.
Junk is quantitative and accurately measurable.
Junk is rubbish
Junk is still junk, though blending junk with non-junk can lower the impact of nasty surprises.
Junk is the global market leader, micro and macro worlds battle over opiates.
Junk is the ideal product.
Junk is the mold of monopoly and possession.
Junk is, well, junk.
Junk isa garbage.
Junk isa rubbish.
Junk isa trash.
Junk makes great learning materials.
Junk moves one space forwards.
Junk moves up in the world.
Junk Welcome to the page of crap a.k.a junk.
Junks have from two to three masts or sails.
Junked cars line many of eastern Kentucky's creekbeds.
A junkie is an enthusiast
Junkies are junkies because they decided to be junkies.
Junkies are like that.
Junkies are located in alleys.
Junkies are too unreliable.
Junkies desire fixs.
Junkies is a squad from the online game subspace.
Junkies think they're cool 'cause they drop out of school.
A junky is an enthusiast
Junkies are like spoilt little children, basically.
Junkies are like that.
Junkies are used for heroin.
Junkies are, by definition, criminals.
Junkies drink the sludge at the bottom of the day-old pot hanging around the office.
Junkies just seem too human.
Junkies outside bother everyone.
Junkies often mistake German scientists for police officers.
A junkyard is a yard
Junkyards are a product of our own making.
A junta is a camp
Junta cherishes the grotto as a place of beauty and peace.
Junta disagrees with that.
Junta is a virginal child of nature.
Junta is charged with manslaughter and awaits trial.
Junta makes last minute modification to constitution.
Junta seconds that.
Juntas are national government.
Jurassic beetles are a species of arthropod from the Jurassic.
Jurassic beetles are black or grey beetles, and are carnivorous.
Jurassic rocks are present in the subsurface of the western part of the state.
Jurassic rocks have no outcrops in the area but they are identified by bore holes.
Juridical direction has information that hypnosis is used during the church services.
Juridical reform is long overdue.
Juried exhibit features staff artwork.
Juried publication is required before the expert committee can consider the data.
Juried show features glass, wood, clothing and flowers.
Juried status is required to participate in marketing events.
Juried works are functional and sculptural, classic and whimsical.
Jurifax forms are in Word for Windows format.
Jurisdiction clauses are enforceable in most countries.
Jurisdiction affords high accuracy in determination to prevent misjudgment.
Jurisdiction becomes a problem.
Jurisdiction can make a distinct difference in the severity of the punishment given for a crime.
Jurisdiction creates infinite problems for computer crime investigations.
Jurisdiction creates problems for computer crime investigations.
Jurisdiction depends on a timely filed notice of appeal.
Jurisdiction depends on consent of the states who are a party to a dispute.
Jurisdiction determines whether a particular court has the power and authority to decide a case.
Jurisdiction has many meanings depending on the context used.
Jurisdiction includes Alabama, Georgia and Florida.
Jurisdiction includes government contracts, income tax refunds, Native American claims and more.
Jurisdiction includes Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin.
Jurisdiction includes inverse condemnation.
Jurisdiction includes Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee.
Jurisdiction includes New York, Vermont, and Connecticut.
Jurisdiction includes Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware.
Jurisdiction includes petty misdemeanors, misdemeanors, gross misdemeanors and felonies.
Jurisdiction includes traffic violations, municipal ordinance violations and minor criminal matters.
Jurisdiction is a question of law, which a reviewing court decides de novo.
Jurisdiction is a separate issue.
Jurisdiction is a term used in several related senses.
Jurisdiction is also an alien concept.
Jurisdiction is also concurrent, exclusive or assistant.
Jurisdiction is also permanent statewide in uncontested divorces.
Jurisdiction is an issue that has received much attention.
Jurisdiction is another area that hinders regulation of X-rated material on the Net.
Jurisdiction is another problem faced by a medium that is boundless.
Jurisdiction is based on diversity of citizenship.
Jurisdiction is based on if the vehicle is located on public or private property.
Jurisdiction is based only on diversity of citizenship.
Jurisdiction is de novo .
Jurisdiction is defined as the right to exercise civil and criminal process.
Jurisdiction is denied.
Jurisdiction is determined by statute as well as common law.
Jurisdiction is determined from the pleadings.
Jurisdiction is districts.
Jurisdiction is diversity.
Jurisdiction is essential to the exercise of judicial power.
Jurisdiction is established only by an inspection of the record of the bankruptcy case.
Jurisdiction is established.
Jurisdiction is exercised in the state language.
Jurisdiction is federal question.
Jurisdiction is founded on diversity of citizenship and amount.
Jurisdiction is founded on diversity.
Jurisdiction is given, if available.
Jurisdiction is global unless limited by a specific statementas to where claims can be filed.
Jurisdiction is important to both the plaintiff and the defendant.
Jurisdiction is limited to companies licensed to operate in Missouri.
Jurisdiction is limited to within city limits of Iowa City.
Jurisdiction is of two types, subject matter jurisdiction and personal jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction is one issue.
Jurisdiction is one of the most obvious issues for an electronic commerce transaction.
Jurisdiction is performed by district and military courts.
Jurisdiction is power and control, which proves ownership.
Jurisdiction is power
Jurisdiction is predicated solely on diversity of citizenship.
Jurisdiction is premised on diversity of citizenship.
Jurisdiction is relinquished. .
Jurisdiction is relinquished.
Jurisdiction is retained.
Jurisdiction is secular or ecclesiastical.
Jurisdiction is set in law, constitutions, or case law.
Jurisdiction is tested on the pleadings rather than the proof.
Jurisdiction is that of the United States territorial holdings, as well as the District of Columbia.
Jurisdiction is the ability of a court to hear a case.
Jurisdiction is the authority of the court over the individual.
Jurisdiction is the authority to act in a particular matter.
Jurisdiction is the authority to hear and decide a case.
Jurisdiction is the authority to hear and determine a cause - the right to act in a case.
Jurisdiction is the location where a malpractice lawsuit is to be considered.
Jurisdiction is the power and authority of a particular court to decide a case.
Jurisdiction is the power and authority of particular court to decide a case.
Jurisdiction is the power of a court to hear and decide a dispute.
Jurisdiction is the power of the court to hear and determine a case.
Jurisdiction is the power or authority of the court to act.
Jurisdiction is the threshold issue in adjudicating an appeal.
Jurisdiction is to be evaluated as of that date.
Jurisdiction is unaffected by subsequent changes in the citizenship of the parties.
Jurisdiction is unlike quantum mechanics.
Jurisdiction is where the child is habitually resident.
Jurisdiction means a court s power to hear and decide particular types of cases.
Jurisdiction means adjudicatory power.
Jurisdiction means authority, therefore, governors, and they set the laws.
Jurisdiction means having power, authority and control over a specific territory or territories.
Jurisdiction means the right to decide.
Jurisdiction normally attaches at the time of filing based on pleadings.
Jurisdiction plays a role in determining how relevant a source is.
Jurisdiction refers to rules governing which court has authority to hear a particular case.
Jurisdiction refers to the authority of a court to hear and decide a particular case.
Jurisdiction refers to the courts authority to hear a case.
Jurisdiction refers to which individuals exercise sovereignty in each particular case.
Jurisdictions are mixed as to whether waiver has occurred.
Jurisdictions are often unable to pursue needed work because of insufficient funding.
Jurisdictions are the name given to the five geographic groupings in the United States.
Jurisdictions are therefore the units of analysis.
Jurisdictions attempting to enact animal protection legislation seek to emulate it.
Jurisdictions can also count mail ballots by hand.
Jurisdictions can purchase zero-coupon bonds to cover the final balloon payments.
Jurisdictions differ as to whether work-related mental illness is compensable.
Jurisdictions differ in the wording and timing of jury instruction.
Jurisdictions differ in their approach to dealing with aged warrants.
Jurisdictions differ on how each type of tort is treated for procedural purposes.
Jurisdictions differ on the extent of the life tenant s interest in such a devise.
Jurisdictions disagree as to whether statutory dedications of streets include the mineral estates.
Jurisdictions now have different juvenile curfews.
Jurisdictions overlap in Texas.
Jurisdictions participate because they want to, because they see the value of that participation.
Jurisdictions provide tornado preparedness programs in various manners throughout our state.
Jurisdictions qualify for grants based on a formula comprised of unemployment and poverty data.
Jurisdictions sign bilateral agreements with Ottawa in keeping with the terms of the protocol.
Jurisdictions then submit implementing ordinances to request take limit.
Jurisdictions view the absence of labeling differently.
Jurisdictions often dedicate significant resources to find and deliver the requested information.
Jurisdictions often have provisions for void marriages or voidable marriages .
All jurisdictions accept non-standard forms without penalty fees.
All jurisdictions appear to be effectively meeting the core functions of custody and control.
All jurisdictions implement zoning, subdivision, and other development regulations.
All jurisdictions recognize final awards as binding.
All jurisdictions require a connection between the product defect and the injury.
All jurisdictions require notice for rezonings and conditional uses.
All jurisdictions require pet owners to keep all pets on a leash.
All jurisdictions require that an applicant be of good moral character and fit to practice law.
Every jurisdiction has an appeals process mandated by law.
Every jurisdiction has sites that are accidents waiting to happen.
Every jurisdiction has ups and downs.
Every jurisdiction is different and always changing.
Every jurisdiction is out there competing for tax base.
Every jurisdiction needs to prepare for such a tragedy.
Many jurisdictions acknowledge there is a necessity for the independence of the profession.
Many jurisdictions allow polygraphs pursuant to the discretion of the trial court.
Many jurisdictions allow suppliers of life's necessities to make claims against the trust.
Many jurisdictions also apply stamp tax for certain transactions.
Many jurisdictions also send additional informative materials to registered voters.
Many jurisdictions also utilize innovative technologies to enhance victim notification services.
Many jurisdictions are already including such information on their websites.
Many jurisdictions deem excess benefits as a gratuity on behalf of the children.
Many jurisdictions deny the existence of gangs.
Many jurisdictions divide murder by degrees.
Many jurisdictions do things differently.
Many jurisdictions have cases about it.
Many jurisdictions have laws against tying up a title to a property in perpetuity.
Many jurisdictions have legislative regulation of party and campaign financing.
Many jurisdictions have more stringent tank requirements than Federal standards.
Many jurisdictions have no procedure for restoring civil rights.
Many jurisdictions have rules governing the admission of evidence into court.
Many jurisdictions have rules of professional conduct that compel arbitration of fee disputes.
Many jurisdictions have their own mandated disclosure forms as do many brokers and agents.
Many jurisdictions have time limits on the filing of damage claims.
Many jurisdictions impose a fee on the monitored offender.
Many jurisdictions impose a tax on vehicles.
Many jurisdictions impose special, higher sales taxes on drinks or food sold at restaurants.
Many jurisdictions limit transportation service competition.
Many jurisdictions now have mandatory mediation on both parenting and economic issues.
Many jurisdictions now offer court preparation programs for children.
Many jurisdictions now require more environmentally sensitive plans for protection and restoration.
Many jurisdictions prohibit the keeping of such animals without proper permits or licenses.
Many jurisdictions recognize that the doctrine of the law of the case has two distinct branches.
Many jurisdictions regulate attorney advertising.
Many jurisdictions regulate the import and release of various types of crayfish.
Many jurisdictions require applicants to register early in their law school career.
Many jurisdictions require on-site systems for storm water dispersal.
Many jurisdictions require that fees paid by clients remain segregated until earned by the lawyer.
Many jurisdictions severely limit sentence bargaining.
Many jurisdictions specifically prohibit the use of any self-defense sprays other than pepper spray.
Many jurisdictions tax the income of individuals and business entities, including corporations.
Most jurisdictions accept a firearms licence category for bona fide collectors.
Most jurisdictions allow methods of establishing a second dwelling unit, too.
Most jurisdictions also allow punitive damages for fraud.
Most jurisdictions also have a form of professional institution representing local surveyors.
Most jurisdictions codify criminal statutes in a separate section in their laws.
Most jurisdictions control such additives.
Most jurisdictions fail to tie their incentives to a well-considered strategic development plan.
Most jurisdictions give employees certain holidays off.
Most jurisdictions give their employees vacation, usually based on the longevity of employment.
Most jurisdictions have a digest covering their area.
Most jurisdictions have a standard form that can be filled out and signed.
Most jurisdictions have aerial maps of roads available at nominal costs.
Most jurisdictions have land use codes that can prohibit homeless encampments on private property.
Most jurisdictions have large self-insured populations .
Most jurisdictions have long-term contracts in place.
Most jurisdictions have regulations dealing with the disposal of dead animals.
Most jurisdictions have small claims procedures that make filing relatively easy.
Most jurisdictions have specific strategies for assessing offender risk.
Most jurisdictions have strict rules about conducting contests to protect citizens.
Most jurisdictions have very different requirements for residential versus commercial permitting.
Most jurisdictions have, at the very least, passive detection and collection processes in place.
Most jurisdictions limit ownership of real estate in some way.
Most jurisdictions look for recklessness or some similarly egregious failure to take care.
Most jurisdictions make it a criminal offense for a spouse to fail to meet a support obligation.
Most jurisdictions now have some form of child support guidelines.
Most jurisdictions now require smoke detectors in both homes and businesses.
Most jurisdictions offer spring seasons and many have fall hunting opportunities as well.
Most jurisdictions prefer actual invoices rather than microfilm or microfiche.
Most jurisdictions prohibit sexual activity between certain close relatives.
Most jurisdictions provide for their commission by statute.
Most jurisdictions recognize that property acquired during a marriage belongs to both spouses.
Most jurisdictions reject it as fundamentally unsound.
Most jurisdictions require that basement floor drains be connected to the sanitary sewer.
Most jurisdictions require that the executor post a bond to protect the assets of the estate.
Most jurisdictions settle, though, before such drastic measures are taken.
Some jurisdictions frequently encounter problems due to fog or haze.
Some jurisdictions actually prohibit manufactured housing while others restrict size and appearance.
Some jurisdictions allow pre-qualification of contractors.
Some jurisdictions allow variances to be granted on unnecessary hardship or practical difficulties.
Some jurisdictions allow withdrawal or renunciation.
Some jurisdictions already use such data to track prison guards and inmates.
Some jurisdictions also distinguish premeditated murder.
Some jurisdictions also limit the number of small claims actions a person can file in a given year.
Some jurisdictions also make allowances for young people engaged in sexual acts with each other.
Some jurisdictions also require that such wills be dated by the testator's hand.
Some jurisdictions also require the licensing of cats.
Some jurisdictions also review social and economic impacts.
Some jurisdictions are even tougher.
Some jurisdictions believe that zero waste can be achieved.
Some jurisdictions charge the crime of carjacking as only an auto theft since a vehicle was stolen.
Some jurisdictions count ballots by hand.
Some jurisdictions deduce the filing of mechanic's lien is part of a judicial proceeding.
Some jurisdictions dispose of wastes outside the area.
Some jurisdictions even have different rates for leased assets than for other property.
Some jurisdictions even require physical manifestations of distress.
Some jurisdictions focus upon the insured's property interest.
Some jurisdictions give significantly less time to report a work injury.
Some jurisdictions give statutory priority to the lease as an overriding or paramount interest.
Some jurisdictions go beyond revoking driver's licenses and take the cars away, too.
Some jurisdictions have a statutory scheme under which the offense is divided into degrees.
Some jurisdictions have shorter statutes of limitation than do others.
Some jurisdictions have special provisions.
Some jurisdictions have zoning ordinances that prohibit home-operated businesses altogether.
Some jurisdictions hold that a partnership is a separate entity.
Some jurisdictions impose taxes on financial or capital transactions.
Some jurisdictions insist that it be purchased in certain minimum amounts by the rental company.
Some jurisdictions issue the permit without cost, but require a security deposit.
Some jurisdictions levy a lease tax or rental tax.
Some jurisdictions levy no taxes at all.
Some jurisdictions levy taxes on the transfer of property or on real estate loans.
Some jurisdictions levy taxes on the transfer of property or real estate loans.
Some jurisdictions limit contingency percentages in prescribed cases.
Some jurisdictions limit taxable sales amounts or actual tax amounts.
Some jurisdictions now have thumbless gloves to prevent eye injuries.
Some jurisdictions offer tax advantages, others offer higher taxes.
Some jurisdictions offer websites or mobile apps for pothole-reporting.
Some jurisdictions outlaw diving boards.
Some jurisdictions permit professionals to incorporate.
Some jurisdictions place a legal advocate in a community health clinic.
Some jurisdictions prefer to issue the items at intake as a matter of routine.
Some jurisdictions provide community programs as alternatives to incarceration.
Some jurisdictions provide preferential rates of tax or only partial taxation for capital gains.
Some jurisdictions provide tax breaks to certain categories of property owners.
Some jurisdictions recommend specific ventilation rates.
Some jurisdictions require a permit, or limit the number and timing of yard sales.
Some jurisdictions require additional sets of fingerprints to be taken.
Some jurisdictions require approval of food menus in day care facilities.
Some jurisdictions require gasoline-powered vehicles to be licensed.
Some jurisdictions require offenders placed on the system to defray all or part of the cost.
Some jurisdictions require prosecutors to charge a suspect even sooner.
Some jurisdictions require that county or city rates be listed separately on client invoices.
Some jurisdictions require that the original forms be submitted.
Some jurisdictions restrict the ability of corporations to purchase their own shares.
Some jurisdictions specify considerably lesser limits.
Some jurisdictions still take a common law view of murder.
Some jurisdictions tax only a limited dollar amount.
Some jurisdictions use a letter-grade system.
Some jurisdictions use discount rates established by statute.
Some jurisdictions use minutes of proceedings and votes and proceedings instead.
Jurisdictional ambiguities appear to be at the crux of the problem.
Jurisdictional arguments proliferate.
Jurisdictional borders create continued friction.
Jurisdictional challenges are just one of many challenges cyberspace poses to governments.
Jurisdictional complexities make it necessary for so many letters to be written.
Jurisdictional considerations are also important.
Jurisdictional disputes are legal questions to be reviewed de novo.
Jurisdictional error requires an exercise of power clearly outside the agreement of the parties.
Jurisdictional immunity is also subject to certain codified exceptions.
Jurisdictional issues abound.
Jurisdictional issues are secondary to the protection of life and property.
Jurisdictional issues can cause confusion among service providers and community members.
Jurisdictional questions are legal in nature.
Jurisdictional questions are questions of law over which appellate review is unlimited.
Jurisdictional questions arise if a lawyer in Florida gives advice to someone in another state.
Jurisdictional venue is Munich.
Jurisprudence are compulsory courses in the third year.
Jurisprudence deals with the nature of law and legal reasoning.
Jurisprudence demands that the cause be vigorously advanced, with clarity, and with substance.
Jurisprudence generally serves the interest of ordered liberty.
Jurisprudence is a Latin word.
Jurisprudence is at the center of forensic science.
Jurisprudence is based on English common law.
Jurisprudence is now overwhelmingly positivist or else rooted in absolutist notions of human rights.
Jurisprudence is philosophy
Jurisprudence is philosophy.
Jurisprudence is science.
Jurisprudence is the charity of the wise, an ethical action with logic as a tool.
Jurisprudence is the study of the principles underlying judicial decision- making.
Jurisprudence is the study of the principles underlying judicial decision making.
Jurisprudence still needs to review the wording and approve it before it becomes official.
A jurist is an expert
Jurist provides access through a short list.
Jurists are experts.
Jurists can already take a prominent place in the developing electronic world.
Jurists disagree on the extent of the head of state's powers.
Jurists have reasons to describe it as a big joke and ultra vires of the Constitution.
Jurists provide many accounts of legal analogizing.
Jurists take the stage for the first time in ancient Rome.
Juristic acts done by incompetents are voidable.
A juror is a panellist
Jurors abstain from evaluating nominations from their own chapter.
Jurors aid in the maintenance of law and order and uphold justice among their fellow citizens.
Jurors aid in the maintenance of law and order.
Jurors also receive mileage for each day of service.
Jurors are a mix of writers, critics, and readers.
Jurors are also eligible for mileage reimbursement.
Jurors are an important part of making the trial as real as possible.
Jurors are an important part of the legal system.
Jurors are aware of the huge sentences that result from conviction.
Jurors are collectors, scholars, and authors in the field.
Jurors are convinced that it's less about justice than it is about publicity, spin, ego and hype.
Jurors are essential to the administration of justice.
Jurors are generally free to leave the building for lunch and to return home in the evening.
Jurors are important and necessary participants in our justice system.
Jurors are intelligent.
Jurors are just everyday people and they sometimes resent having success thrown in their face.
Jurors are naturally sympathetic to witnesses.
Jurors are no less immune to political pressure.
Jurors are notorious for their bias against poor slides.
Jurors are older, on the average, than the general population.
Jurors are on call for approximately one month.
Jurors are on call for two month.
Jurors are on call for two weeks per month.
Jurors are ordinary people, like youself.
Jurors are panelists.
Jurors are part of juries.
Jurors are ready to believe that they are the public avengers.
Jurors are responsible for any parking citations issued due to improper parking.
Jurors are responsible for any parking fines they incur.
Jurors are responsible for their own meals except during deliberations.
Jurors are responsible for their own meals.
Jurors are selected at that time for the trial on that day.
Jurors are skeptical of people's memories.
Jurors are the most important people at the trial.
Jurors are the sole judges of the credibility of witnesses and are the ultimate judges of the facts.
Jurors are to hear closing arguments today.
Jurors are very interested in the level of parent involvement in their child's treatment.
Jurors are welcome to bring their lunch, however no refrigeration is available.
Jurors are welcome to make as many pots as needed.
Jurors attach themselves to experts who can teach the basic concepts in simple layman's language.
Jurors bring their own sense of right and wrong to the task.
Jurors can ask questions, look at evidence, read a response from the defendant and render a verdict.
Jurors can call for the information.
Jurors can call in for an update.
Jurors can clearly see the circumstances taking place.
Jurors can effectively cancel bad laws.
Jurors can evaluate the credibility of actual witnesses.
Jurors can expect days of testimony about statistical models.
Jurors can expect to receive help to complete a claim for expenses.
Jurors can get past criminal records.
Jurors can react very negatively to an expert making simple mistakes when using exhibits at trial.
Jurors can recommend life in prison or death, but the decision rests with the judge.
Jurors can relate to physical evidence.
Jurors can serve on more than one jury trial.
Jurors can take notes and ask questions after the prosecution and defense finish their examinations.
Jurors complain about the interruptions and breaks taken to deal with objections.
Jurors complete and submit the on-line application form.
Jurors confronted by the facts are outraged.
Jurors dislike witnesses who speak in a cold and condescending tone of voice.
Jurors dismiss six misdemeanor counts of malpractice in office.
Jurors do have power.
Jurors expect fast-paced, professional presentations.
Jurors expect flashy cases.
Jurors expect lawyers to produce and present exhibits as the appropriate time without fumbling.
Jurors first decide a defendant's guilt or innocence.
Jurors generally find their evidence reliable and credible.
Jurors generally remember what they hear and see first and last.
Jurors get strange.
Jurors have a hard enough time understanding their function in any trial.
Jurors have an absolute right to vote according to their conscience.
Jurors have at least one hour for lunch.
Jurors have dozens of monthly statements that participants received showing payment schedules.
Jurors have every right to do so.
Jurors have no choice about participation in the process.
Jurors have pressing thoughts and reactions they want to describe.
Jurors have the authority to make final decisions about what constitutes an acceptable entry.
Jurors have the duty to report to the judge any improper behavior by any juror.
Jurors have the most important role in a trial.
Jurors have the obligation, right and duty to judge according to their conscience.
Jurors have the right to a smooth proceeding.
Jurors have to be randomly selected and summoned to be able to serve on jury duty service.
Jurors have to give life and death equal weight.
Jurors have to interpret the immediacy of the threat.
Jurors have very high expectations of companies that manufacture products and provide services.
Jurors hear from a variety of expert witnesses during moderated hearings.
Jurors hear the complete story.
Jurors interpret the central action by drawing inferences from it.
Jurors know that murder is a more serious crime than manslaughter.
Jurors like to hear the defendant testify, that's all.
Jurors look at the attorney as the source to find out what is wrong with the information presented.
Jurors look for fine quality and original artwork and applicants are juried anonymously.
Jurors look for originality of concept and treatment.
Jurors look to the judge as the voice of reason and respectability.
Jurors make their decisions based on the story.
Jurors meet again today.
Jurors perform a vital role in the American system of justice.
Jurors pick up on that and it works.
Jurors question the witnesses in order to make conclusions and recommendations.
Jurors question witnesses.
Jurors reach a verdict and discuss their decision-making process .
Jurors receive a nominal amount for each day of service and are reimbursed for mileage.
Jurors receive a small fee for their time.
Jurors receive a valuable lesson in citizenship and the law.
Jurors receive notice of the date and time they are to appear in court for the selection process.
Jurors reduce even complex cases down to a few common sense themes.
Jurors reserve the right to reclassify the piece if needed.
Jurors reserve the right to reject improperly framed artwork.
Jurors respond almost uniformly in favor of computer-generated techniques in the courtroom.
Jurors responding to the survey become aware of the evaluation process by contributing to it.
Jurors review each five samples, or slides, and complete scoring sheets.
Jurors routinely find against doctors who fail to order tests or fail to read test results.
Jurors see the wounds Shooting victim testifies.
Jurors seek tight rules on super duplexes' .
Jurors serve at significant expense and inconvenience to themselves.
Jurors serve for one term of court.
Jurors serve for the length of one trial.
Jurors serve in two kinds of cases - civil and criminal.
Jurors serve in two types of cases - civil and criminal.
Jurors serve one day or one trial in California.
Jurors serve one term of court.
Jurors serving in a trial can expect to have adequate, secure and comfortable accommodation.
Jurors shop and eat in our stores.
Jurors sit in judgment of another human being.
Jurors tend to sympathize with doctors who get sued.
Jurors test the completeness and consistency of the story.
Jurors then retire from the courtroom to deliberate in secret.
Jurors understand and retain what they see much better than what they hear generally.
Jurors understand the value of our political rights and the value of democracy.
Jurors unsure that death was the proper punishment.
Jurors use of probabilistic evidence.
Jurors view crime scene photos and family pictures.
Jurors view disruptions as a sign of possible deception.
Jurors vote individually and privately and a majority vote is required for acceptance.
Jurors often feel frustrated when they are required to wait.
Jurors often have difficulty understanding the critical nature of time in medical procedures.
Jurors often use smiles to mask other feelings.
Jurors usually try the more serious criminal cases such as murder, rape, assault, burglary or fraud.
All jurors are eligible for a round-trip mileage allowance.
All jurors are fluent speakers of Italian but of non-European nationality.
All jurors have to agree on the verdict.
Every juror gets a book deal.
Every juror is responsible to the community to ensure that justice is done.
Every juror knows the defendant is the most biased person in the courtroom.
Many jurors are so bored by voir dire that they are sick of the case before it starts.
Many jurors bring work to do.
Many jurors do, too.
Many jurors serve less than a full week.
Most jurors are honest and hard-working.
Most jurors believe that life imprisonment really means eventual parole.
Most jurors bring a book to read.
Most jurors bring to court a book.
Most jurors find the experience interesting and rewarding.
Most jurors serve on petit juries.
Some jurors agree.
Some jurors are too far from witnesses.
Some jurors walk into the next room in search of solitude.
A jury box is a box
Jury box is seen at left.
Jury deliberation is a group process.
Jury deliberations are a critical stage of trial and involve substantial rights.
Jury deliberations can continue into the evening hours.
Jury deliberations can take anywhere from several hours to several days.
Jury deliberations remain mysterious, even for courtroom lawyers.
All jury deliberations are confidential.
All jury deliberations are secret.
A jury duty is civic responsibility
Jury duties are civic duties.
Jury duty comes at the worst possible time.
Jury duty extends time guard is on probation.
Jury duty has a terrible reputation.
Jury duty is a civic responsibility that is supposed to be accepted anyway, if at all possible.
Jury duty is a common obligation of citizens.
Jury duty is a mandate .
Jury duty is a right and a responsibility of American citizenship.
Jury duty is an important and rewarding service.
Jury duty is an important obligation of all citizens.
Jury duty is important, but it can wait because taking care of children is even more important.
Jury duty is never easy but it is very important and can be very rewarding.
Jury duty is one.
Jury duty is our responsibility.
Jury duty is the moment in time where all walks of life serve a mandatory sentence.
Jury duty is the small world to end all small worlds.
Jury duty is tough and time consuming.
Jury duty is weird.
Jury duty leave.
Jury duty varies widely throughout California.
Jury fee is non-refundable.
Jury fees are due upon making the demand.
Jury instructions are merely helpful suggestions.
Jury instructions are plain-language explanations of the law that applies to the case.
Jury instructions can be critical in how the jury decides a case.
Jury instructions precede closing arguments.
Jury instructions tell the jury what the laws are that govern a particular case.
Jury nullification can only work to undermine confidence in our system of justice.
Jury nullification can, in fact, prevent criminals from escaping justice.
Jury nullification is a direct attack on the legislature.
Jury nullification is a power provided to all jurors.
Jury nullification is a problem in many jurisdictions.
Jury nullification is another excellent Bill of Rights enforcement method.
Jury nullification is decentralization of political power.
Jury nullification is discussed in all law schools.
Jury nullification is just one additional check against the checkered power of the power czars.
Jury nullification is now illegal, in California.
Jury nullification is therefore one of the rights . . .
Jury nullification is touched on.
Jury nullification is what it's called.
Jury nullification occurs when a deliberative body decides to acquit the accused in spite of guilt.
Jury nullification occurs when the reputation of an agency is put on trial.
Jury selection begins in Clark's aggravated murder trial.
Jury selection begins in York County.
Jury selection begins today.
Jury selection begins tomorrow.
Jury selection begins.
Jury selection continues and the prosecutor exercises two peremptory challenges.
Jury selection continues today.
Jury selection ends.
Jury selection is a critical stage of trial.
Jury selection is an important part of any jury trial.
Jury selection is an interesting process which helps demonstrate key points in the system.
Jury selection is completed.
Jury selection is in accordance with specific criteria.
Jury selection is likely to take at least a week.
Jury selection is ongoing.
Jury selection is over and the trial proceeds today.
Jury selection is probably the single most important part of the case.
Jury selection is scheduled to begin today.
Jury selection is scheduled today.
Jury selection is set to begin next week.
Jury selection is the first part of the main trial.
Jury selection is the most important part of the entire trial.
Jury selection is today in the drug case.
Jury selection is under way.
Jury selection is usually an all day process.
Jury selection resumes today.
Jury selection starts.
Jury service can involve a good deal of sitting.
Jury service demands attention and commitment.
Jury service imposes an awesome responsibility on citizens to make decisions that are fair and just.
Jury service is a citizen's right and responsibility.
Jury service is a civic duty and is extremely important to our system of justice.
Jury service is a civic duty in our democracy.
Jury service is a civic duty that every eligible adult in California has.
Jury service is a civic duty.
Jury service is a crucial part of our system of justice.
Jury service is a fundamental responsibility of all citizens, as well as being a unique privilege.
Jury service is a high duty of citizenship.
Jury service is a privilege of citizenship.
Jury service is a privilege.
Jury service is a responsibility for which, by law, most adults are liable.
Jury service is a serious, meaningful and important responsibility.
Jury service is among our most important duties as American citizens.
Jury service is an essential function in the administration of justice.
Jury service is an important civic and community duty.
Jury service is an important duty of citizenship.
Jury service is an important responsibility.
Jury service is an obligation of all qualified citizens of Lake County, Ohio.
Jury service is an obligation of citizenship essential to the judicial process.
Jury service is but one part of the structure.
Jury service is for one trial or one day.
Jury service is generally for a two week period.
Jury service is one.
Jury service is seen as a burden by a significant portion of the community.
Jury service is the basis of our judicial system and is essential to the administration of justice.
Jury service is the duty of all citizens, including employers and employees.
Jury service is usually for a week.
Jury service plays a vital role in sustaining the American system of justice.
Jury trial begins in Edmonton.
Jury trial is available.
Jury trial is popular and adds to the legal system's credibility.
Jury trial is provided, upon demand, in civil cases.
Jury trials are before a jury of six persons.
Jury trials are either criminal or civil.
Jury trials are expensive and time-consuming.
Jury trials are longer, more complicated, and considerably more expensive than court trials.
Jury trials are rare and are only conducted at the request of a defendant.
Jury trials are trials.
Jury trials can be unpredictable.
Jury trials can last anywhere from less than one day to many weeks in length.
Jury trials make the juvenile system more costly and slow it down.
Jury trials slow things down.
Jury trials start promptly at the scheduled time.
Jury trials survive primarily in the common-law countries, above all, the United States.
Jury trials take too long, they ll say.
Any jury trials schedule with court secretary on a separate day.
Every jury trial involves some dispute as to what has happened.
Most jury trials average two to three days in length.
Most jury trials last only one day, but occasionally they last two days.
A jury is a body
Juries acquit people.
Juries are a check on the arbitrary and corrupt power of government.
Juries are also lawfully free to vote according to their conscience, above all other considerations.
Juries are an essential element of our legal system.
Juries are appreciative of visual presentations and pay special attention to videotape excerpts.
Juries are as much a part of our court system as are judges and lawyers.
Juries are biaseds.
Juries are bodies.
Juries are citizenship in action.
Juries are committees.
Juries are composed of fifteen residents.
Juries are compulsory in rail crash inquests.
Juries are either grand juries or petit juries.
Juries are excellent for inculcating good mores into the minds of the people.
Juries are far more likely to convict if there is an eyewitness.
Juries are final examinations in performance courses.
Juries are governmental organizations.
Juries are groups of average citizens who are selected to weigh the evidence and issue verdicts.
Juries are human.
Juries are more generous to plaintiffs than are judges in the amounts of damage awards.
Juries are more likely then judges to award punitive damages.
Juries are more representative of the people than is the legislature.
Juries are most common in common law adversarial-system jurisdictions .
Juries are now very rare in civil cases.
Juries are often open to our arguments.
Juries are optional for adult students.
Juries are our last line of defense against the inappropriate use of power by the state.
Juries are part of the fabric of our American way of life.
Juries are the foundation of the American justice system.
Juries are the most important part of our justice system.
Juries are the ultimate guardian against the necessity for armed revolt.
Juries are tough.
Juries are tricky.
Juries award large medical malpractice settlements in only the most egregious cases.
Juries begin deliberations.
Juries believe it.
Juries can acquit even if the evidence proves guilt.
Juries can and do, no doubt, properly evaluate such arguments.
Juries can be very generous with a company's money.
Juries can certainly render verdicts if unanimous.
Juries can disregard judicial instructions and avoid sanctions for their act of disobedience.
Juries can do that today.
Juries can even be hostile, lawyers say.
Juries can only render a verdict if the vote is unanimous.
Juries can return verdicts based on other things besides what the plaintiff actually did .
Juries can tell when the lawyer is putting on a false personality.
Juries consist of six or twelve members depending on the court and type of case.
Juries convict both men of vehicular homicide.
Juries decide cases based on the communicative weight of spoken arguments and testimony.
Juries decide disputed questions of fact and apply the law as instructed by the court to the facts.
Juries decide guilt or innocence after hearing evidence, facts, from all sides involved in the case.
Juries decide or are told to decide on the relevance of factual information.
Juries decide the verdict in a criminal trial, and usually also in a civil trial.
Juries decide whether to impose the death penalty.
Juries demand considerable commitment from people.
Juries do and always have seen themselves as moral legislatures that get to express outrage.
Juries do sometimes get confused about such things.
Juries find it hard to ignore faulty witnesses.
Juries generally hate the insanity defense.
Juries go about their deliberations in different ways.
Juries have a hard time convicting celebrities.
Juries have full power in the courtroom.
Juries have one undoubted advantage over lesser tribunals.
Juries have to be based on a representative cross-section of the community.
Juries hear common-law claims, while judges deal with other claims.
Juries hear only a small portion of the total number of negligence controversies.
Juries judge all cases.
Juries just have difficulties with that.
Juries keep awarding large sums to consumers killed or maimed by corporate wrongs.
Juries love to punish the arrogant and vindicate the innocent, no matter where the courtroom is.
Juries love visual aids.
Juries mete out the death penalty unfairly.
Juries now determine only about one percent of all civil matters.
Juries now have a single vote that decides both guilt and seriousness.
Juries play an important role in many trials.
Juries punish insincerity.
Juries react positively to a visual display of the sequencing of key events.
Juries reflect social and economic change.
Juries respect a self-confident trial lawyer.
Juries sense it too, and in front of a jury nice guys truly do finish first.
Juries still have that sense of outrage when a big insurance company mistreats a poor insured.
Juries take their job very seriously.
Juries tend to award more money to plaintiffs they like and punish negative behavior by defendants.
Juries tend to take a dim view of companies stealing from individual inventors.
Juries too award absurd levels.
Jury applicants submit slides of their work for a peer review jury.
Jury awards plaintiff damages under both state and federal law.
Jury considers punitive damages today.
Jury convicts all.
Jury deliberates two hours before returning a guilty verdict.
Jury finds for former chiropractic students on one point, school on two .
Jury finds officers guilty of assaulting bicyclist and conspiring to cover it up.
Jury has power to judge law in bringing general verdict.
Jury hears accused man 'alerted' police.
Jury includes filmography.
Jury instructions tutorial.
Jury is a ridiculous spoof of the criminal justice system and the jurors power in the media.
Jury is charged after final argument.
Jury is deadlocked on attempted murder of policemen.
Jury is instructed to disregard.
Jury is out on that one.
Jury is out.
Jury is required.
Jury is still out on catastrophe options.
Jury is still out on EMFs and cancer.
Jury is still out on non-threaded messages.
Jury is still out on PCBs' aging effects .
Jury is still out on that one.
Jury is still out.
Jury is tired.
Jury issues verdict for trucking firm in harassment suit by black employee.
Jury leave is leave with pay to serve on jury duty.
Jury meets to select winner at the ALA Midwinter Meeting.
Jury returns death verdict.
Jury returns on structure prediction.
Jury struts available.
Jury suspects star witness did it.
Jury use part of common stereotype to describe The Defendant.
Jury votes against the ex-wife.
Juries frequently favor underdogs against big corporations.
Juries often side with the perceived underdog.
Juries sometimes render verdicts that run counter to the evidence presented.
Juries usually award compensatory damages to compensate for injury and loss.
Every jury contemplating the death penalty ought to be told about Washington's close call.
Every jury is different and every case is different.
Every jury is different.
Some juries are quite sympathetic toward the sacred alcoholic.
Just punishment strives to balance all three perspectives retribution, deterrence and reform.
Justice court clerks.
Justice courts are there to serve the people.
Justice courts have district wide jurisdiction over misdemeanors and minor criminal cases.
Justice courts have townshipwide jurisdiction over misdemeanors and minor civil cases.
Justice ministry begins to deal with systems and longer-term helps.
Justice stories are typically very complex nuance pieces that require a lot of work.
Justice system enforces individual responsibility.
Justice system follows community leadership.
Any justice system relies on a community's faith that it is fair and effective.
Justice administers the penalty that right-eousness demands.
Justice agraire opposbee aa la loi et monopole agraire.
Justice alleges that the tobacco companies conspired to create an illegal enterprise.
Justice attends a program for developmentally delayed children half days five days a week.
Justice becomes a matter for leaders to decide.
Justice becomes irrelevant.
Justice begins with the recognition of the necessity of sharing.
Justice begins with the rules that make justice possible.
Justice believes there's a reason for the school board's tactics.
Justice belongs to the city.
Justice brings harmony.
Justice calls for greater punishment for some.
Justice can be brutally swift, with reports of some executions occurring hours after a sentencing.
Justice can be so unkind.
Justice can be sweet and occasionally even hilarious.
Justice can exist only in a just state.
Justice can help define, enhance and assert jurisdiction and sovereignty.
Justice can mean numerous things, depending on how it is used.
Justice can miscarry.
Justice can never create opposition to itself.
Justice can only be a partial answer to the phenomenon of human conflict.
Justice can only be about repairing damage, restoring lost equality, making restitution.
Justice can only come by uniting the people, with fairness and honesty as the guiding principles.
Justice can only happen when the fighting is over, because true justice demands reconciliation.
Justice can point to only a few successes in anti trust actions.
Justice can reach and win.
Justice cocks an ear and smiles.
Justice comes always with a shadow.
Justice comes from a Latin word, justus , meaning lawful, just, righteous.
Justice comes from following the law and honoring the law.
Justice comes in all forms.
Justice comes naturally.
Justice comes only when faithful people demand it and work for it.
Justice comes out that way.
Justice comes slow, but has finally been served.
Justice comes with a price.
Justice commands to take up arms.
Justice consists of mercy and love.
Justice consists of the proper interplay of the three parts of the soul.
Justice creates peace.
Justice deals with big things.
Justice defend Sight during corn upon several denver broncos poster that curl amid one marriage.
Justice demands a complete end to all use of animals for food.
Justice demands a good faith effort to locate the former spouse.
Justice demands a joyful obedience.
Justice demands a response that can be justified as well as possible at the time.
Justice demands a response, but tolerates neither revenge nor retaliation.
Justice demands accountability.
Justice demands an end to academic and intellectual dishonesty.
Justice demands an equal claim for all Earth's people to Earth's raw materials.
Justice demands an honest and impartial application of the law.
Justice demands both stern judgement and love.
Justice demands certain cultivation of each nature.
Justice demands diversity on the bench.
Justice demands freedom from slavery for the victim .
Justice demands freedom.
Justice demands it.
Justice demands looking at all remaining options.
Justice demands moral judgment.
Justice demands much more than apologies and dollars.
Justice demands no less.
Justice demands no such thing.
Justice demands parity of rights for the city mob and the bush mob.
Justice demands payment.
Justice demands redress of judicial wrongdoing.
Justice demands that all evidence heard in the inquest is seen to be open and of equal value.
Justice demands that crimes be punished.
Justice demands that every person have an equal right to life.
Justice demands that people other than white males have power in the prison.
Justice demands that richer countries give up unfair privileges, held at the expense of the poor.
Justice demands that survivors receive the greatest care and compassion possible.
Justice demands that the benefits and risks of new technology development are shared by all people.
Justice demands that the guilty be punished harshly.
Justice demands that the guilty be punished.
Justice demands that the law be applied fairly and evenly.
Justice demands that the person who breaks the covenant reconciles.
Justice demands that the voices of all people be heard and respected.
Justice demands that they are no longer treated as second class citizens.
Justice demands the opposition of injustice.
Justice demands the punishment of sinners.
Justice demands the speedy disposition of all criminal cases.
Justice demands the strongest analogy, the best fit.
Justice destroys wealth.
Justice dictates that punishment be inflicted to redress the disorder caused by the offense.
Justice Do what is fair in distributing harms and benefits.
Justice does move in mysterious ways.
Justice does, after all, have a price tag.
Justice ends up inviting the mad world to dance.
Justice enjoins physicians to allocate scarce medical resources in an equitable manner.
Justice entails treating others fairly and equitably.
Justice equals liberty equals happiness.
Justice equals punishment.
Justice establishes blame and administers pain through a contest between offender and state.
Justice executes the penalty, and mercy pardons or set aside the execution.
Justice exists as an objective standard and ideal.
Justice exists to protect decent people.
Justice first assumes that the correct culprit has been apprehended.
Justice flourishes only when it involves the transformation of culture.
Justice flows directly out of prudence.
Justice focuses on fairness, right, and obligation.
Justice follows bullets.
Justice forms the cornerstone of each nation's law.
Justice governs the public realm where adult men deal with adult men by making rational decisions.
Justice grants such power only to the people on the ground.
Justice grows out of joyful service.
Justice has relation to beings endowed with perception, and capable of pleasure and pain.
Justice helps societies come to grips with the past and move forward.
Justice here helps no one.
Justice here means making possible the fulfillment of basic needs for all human beings on earth.
Justice here means righteousness, rightness .
Justice however belongs to the people.
Justice incorporates punishment because it assumes love.
Justice incurs most litigation costs.
Justice indicates the suspension of any action until a decision is made.
Justice introduces the balance in the form of scales that are evenly balanced.
Justice involves protecting the rights of others.
Justice involves reciprocity of some kind.
Justice is a basic human value.
Justice is a cartoon.
Justice is a complex concept unable to be reduced to a set of simple platitudes.
Justice is a decision that has popular support.
Justice is a denial of mercy, and mercy a denial of justice.
Justice is a fundamental attribute of a good community with includes everyone fairly.
Justice is a legitimate desire.
Justice is a matter of equality, but equality can only be judged if there is more than one person.
Justice is a noble quality and injustice an iniquity.
Justice is a no-show.
Justice is a quality which, of all material creation, only man possesses.
Justice is a rule of conduct originating in the connection of one percipient being with another.
Justice is a tautology.
Justice is a term often applied to situations within our own national or regional borders.
Justice is a value of force, a power often imposed on individuals from outside themselves.
Justice is a virtue of the soul.
Justice is a virtue, jurisprudence a science.
Justice is about a lot more than what goes on in a Courtroom.
Justice is about love.
Justice is about the triumph of the human spirit.
Justice is about to be done.
Justice is alive in generation after generation.
Justice is all anyone wants and deserves.
Justice is always blind, knowing nothing of indirect or ulterior advantages.
Justice is always good.
Justice is always the foundation of peace.
Justice is around the corner for a minimal filing fee.
Justice is as much an attribute of goodness as mercy is.
Justice is as subjective as truth.
Justice is at stake.
Justice is at the heart of our social order.
Justice is basic to everything else.
Justice is beauty.
Justice is beyond the reach of man.
Justice is blind for a reason.
Justice is blind, but hate crimes laws force the courts to see color.
Justice is blind, some like to say.
Justice is blind.
Justice Is Blind.
Justice is blinds.
Justice is certainly clear and wisdom is manifest.
Justice is clearly social.
Justice is comin'.
Justice is conflict.
Justice Is Conflict.
Justice is dangerous without love.
Justice is dead in Amarillo.
Justice is deaf in our part of the world nude teen sluts.
Justice is dependent on truth.
Justice is distinct from abstract beauty, tragically they are always confused.
Justice is due everyone, whether in equal, superior or subordinate positions.
Justice is effective adjustment, beauty and order, and harmonious power.
Justice is either distributive or commutative.
Justice is essential to the human rights cause.
Justice is ever more blatantly bought and sold.
Justice is everyone's due.
Justice is everywhere.
Justice is expensive .
Justice is expensive in America.
Justice is expensive, however.
Justice is expensive.
Justice is extrememly sparse in child welfare cases.
Justice is fairness.
Justice is for big people.
Justice is forgotten.
Justice is fruitless.
Justice is good for everybody.
Justice is good.
Justice is happy at last.
Justice is how the people of faith apply passion.
Justice is ill-equipped to handle the massive volume of delinquent debts.
Justice is impartial and universal.
Justice is in crisis in Texas.
Justice is in one scale, and self preservation in the other.
Justice is in one scale, and self-preservation in the other. . . .
Justice is in one scale, and self-preservation in the other.
Justice is in one side and self-preservation in the other.
Justice is in our self-interest.
Justice is in the news.
Justice is increasingly dispensed haphazardly, with little regard to existing evidence.
Justice is indiscriminately due to all, without regard to numbers, wealth, or rank.
Justice is indivisible and yet, in the Arab world, only one enemy, it seems, deserves to be fought.
Justice is indivisible.
Justice is judgment.
Justice is juicy.
Justice is likely to be the most contentious issue.
Justice is long overdue and our rights are continuously being trampled upon.
Justice is long overdue for families like the Silcocks.
Justice is love correcting that which revolts against love.
Justice is love operating at a distance.
Justice is merely a means to an end.
Justice is micro and macro.
Justice is more a concept of the head than the heart.
Justice is more a matter of law than of moral obligation.
Justice is more important than expenses.
Justice is more like it.
Justice is more profitable than injustice.
Justice is more than a Pavlovian system of punishments and rewards set up to mold behavior.
Justice is more than just a word.
Justice is more than law.
Justice is more than the fair distribution of material goods.
Justice is necessary but unattractive, like a medicine or a law.
Justice is neither mercy nor vengeance.
Justice is neither selfish nor altruistic, but rather aims at equality.
Justice is never a private internal piety but is always public and positive.
Justice is never advanced in the taking of a human life.
Justice is never advanced in the taking of human life.
Justice is no longer a consideration.
Justice is nothing but a word.
Justice is nowhere in sight.
Justice is of a dimensional value that establishes equivalence and proportionality among behaviors.
Justice is of no concern to Washington.
Justice is often very blind.
Justice is on our side, it's only a first step.
Justice is on the way.
Justice is once when it is in accordance with law.
Justice is only external and social.
Justice is only for the strong.
Justice is out the window.
Justice is pass , so is kindness, altruism, gentleness, love, compassion, community, caring.
Justice is powerless to bring about fairness without the force of retribution.
Justice is preeminent.
Justice is probably the highest ideal toward which human groups can aspire.
Justice is proportion in human affairs.
Justice is public, collective actions.
Justice is public, political, and oriented to collective action for change.
Justice is quite another thing.
Justice is racism.
Justice is rare when the game is rigged.
Justice is redefined.
Justice is respect for the rights of individuals and associations .
Justice is righteousness
Justice is righteousness.
Justice is rightness, righteousness.
Justice is served by labour contributions for the public good.
Justice is served by who can yell the loudest.
Justice is served 'cold' to a couple of punks.
Justice is served dueling over Russian roulette.
Justice is served in a remarkably satisfying way in the novel.
Justice is served routinely and rather hurriedly in many cases.
Justice is served.
Justice is short and swift.
Justice is simply to do the right thing .This is eminent justice.
Justice is simply truth in action.
Justice is slow but attainable.
Justice is something they can only hunger and thirst for.
Justice is sometimes harsh.
Justice is sometimes slow.
Justice is still that far horizon.
Justice is subject to social objectives.
Justice is swift and blind, with minimum cost.
Justice is swift and certain, and the cause of decorum is considerably advanced.
Justice is swift and certain, apparently, and performed very differently there than back home.
Justice is swift and secret.
Justice is swift, often inappropriately so.
Justice is swift.
Justice is thicker than race, religion, or kinship.
Justice is to be by community.
Justice is to be done to all of whatever race, creed or colour.
Justice is to be found only in imagination.
Justice is to be found only in the imagination .
Justice is to be swift.
Justice is too expensive for the average family.
Justice is too important for that.
Justice is too important to be considered for sale to the highest bidder.
Justice is too slow and too expensive.
Justice is translatable into deeds.
Justice is truly blind.
Justice is truth in action.
Justice is turned upside down.
Justice is under siege around the country.
Justice is up to date on all shots and has been kept up to date on heartworm preventative.
Justice is usually a foreign concept in boxing.
Justice is worth another four months.
Justice isa morality.
Justice keeps love from becoming sentimental.
Justice keeps waiting.
Justice knows no color, class or creed and has no boundaries.
Justice knows no side.
Justice leads to respect.
Justice lies in the hands of the police.
Justice looks back and requires trial and punishment of the perpetrators of crimes against humanity.
Justice looks for plans that show no retrogression.
Justice looks to the past to ascertain whether the punishment fits the crime.
Justice matters as much as personal growth.
Justice means different things to different people.
Justice means equity, impartiality and the unerring application of an inexorable law.
Justice means fairness, and proportionality, and a hundred other things.
Justice means giving a person what is their due.
Justice means respect for and protection of the rights of all people.
Justice means something more.
Justice miscarries all the time in America, frequently when poor black defendants are involved.
Justice moves more swiftly for some than for others in Guatemala.
Justice needs to be at the heart of all our evangelization efforts.
Justice needs to be done.
Justice needs to be pure to be taken seriously.
Justice needs to be served for Logan.
Justice needs to be served.
Justice needs to be speedy.
Justice needs to preside over all human relationships.
Justice never demands reciprocity.
Justice never exacts such a price from recalcitrant mafia dons, terrorists or swindlers.
Justice now denotes conformity to the political sentiment and sentimentality of secular elites.
Justice only exists between equals.
Justice operates as third intervening deity, helping to clean up after the others.
Justice operates on a don t open the flood gate principle.
Justice opposes prejudice in every form.
Justice plays an inconsistent role on the international stage.
Justice points in tremulous splendor.
Justice presumes social entitlement.
Justice prevails again.
Justice prevails and everyone lives happily ever after.
Justice prevails, and the forces of darkness are finally crushed.
Justice prevails, but mercy is rare.
Justice promotes personal and social responsibility.
Justice promotes social change in institutions or political structures.
Justice ranks higher.
Justice recalls, grinning.
Justice refers to the application of law.
Justice refers to the equitable distribution of both the burdens and the benefits of research.
Justice refers to the status of our society.
Justice remains delayed, nonetheless.
Justice remains to be done.
Justice requires building and rebuilding just communities.
Justice requires concern for the poor of the world.
Justice requires consideration of the opinion of the public.
Justice requires critical analysis to expose deception and lies.
Justice requires equality in the selection of participants.
Justice requires help.
Justice requires more than blind adherence to established legal rule.
Justice requires more.
Justice requires no less.
Justice requires treating people with equality and fairness.
Justice responds to long-term needs.
Justice rests as does the conscience of the world.
Justice results from our willingness to abide by rules.
Justice runs training programmes on the Human Rights Act for lawyers.
Justice scores easily to tie the game.
Justice seeks fairness in society.
Justice seeks the exceptions.
Justice shows no favor and knows no mercy.
Justice shows readers that there is a difference between being healed and being cured.
Justice springs from love even for our enemies.
Justice starts at home.
Justice starts with the rights of children.
Justice starts with the truth.
Justice takes time, but it gets there.
Justice takes time, which is scarce in our courts.
Justice tempered by mercy is our goal.
Justice there is none for a victim.
Justice thus ceases to be an abstract symbol and acquires a human and social significance.
Justice thus presupposes right.
Justice tries to protect or improve the plight of the least well off.
Justice try across many fifteen since highlight green bay packers cap.
Justice unites with charity.
Justice upholds reason.
Justice values human life and society's well being.
Justice values personal change above compliant behaviour.
Justice works through trial by jury, the cherished privilege preserved by the Bill of Rights.
Justices act as independent contractors.
Justices also oversee misdemeanor and small-claims cases to their completion.
Justices also participate in a program involving state, tribal and federal judges.
Justices analyze each case up to three times before a decision to grant leave to appeal is made.
Justices are human beings with political opinions.
Justices are strategic actors, who knoe their talents and limits.
Justices are strategic.
Justices are subject to a similar retention vote at the conclusion of each term.
Justices base their decision partly on lawsuits by black parents in New Castle County.
Justices begin ruling on constitutionality of legislation.
Justices can also use strategic action to win a working majority.
Justices consider all cases submitted.
Justices deliberate in private and make decisions by a majority vote.
Justices enjoy immunity.
Justices have the ability to evaluate things.
Justices have their jobs for life.
Justices leave opening for future claims.
Justices Plan to Delve Anew into Race and Voting Rights.
Justices question lawyers about who is representing the state and whether the state can sue itself.
Justices reject any correlation between political donations and court rulings.
Justices reject case on cutting welfare for legal immigrants.
Justices select one of their own to be chief justice for a two-year term.
Justices select their own clerks, who usually serve for about two years.
Justices sit in panels of three, which change periodically.
Justices stay until they retire or die.
Justices study laws to see if they are correct according to the Constitution.
Justices take up issue of public funds for religious schools.
Justices tend to embark upon bitter fights over church-state cases.
Justices unanimously rule against industry in important environmental decision.
Justice always avenges terror.
Justice always means sacrifice and selflessness.
Justice always prevails.
Justice always repays sinners.
Justice always requires help.
Justice often seems to slip out of our grasp.
Justices often ask questions designed to point out future implications of their decision.
Justices often have more documents open than they have hands.
Justices usually study cases for months and pore over heavily footnoted briefs.
All justice is social.
All justices concur.
All justices hire two briefing attorneys for one-year terms.
Many justices hang on awaiting a president they like.
Some justices fail before that age.
Some justices have computers set up at home to do research.
Some justices have their clerks do all of the writing.
Justifiable defense is mandatory in protection of the innocent.
All justifiable inferences are to be drawn in favor of the non-movant party.
Justifiable quantification is needed during the legislatively established appropriation process.
Justifiable reason is deemed to be death, serious illness or military induction.
Justifiable reliance is an element of a claim for misrepresentation.
Justifiable reliance is an essential element of both fraud and negligent misrepresentation.
Justification addresses issues of practicality and comfort.
Justification addresses proper category for course-global or diversity.
Justification also frees the soul for true Christian service.
Justification becomes like a filling station that is passed but once.
Justification can affect appearance of text, tables, lines, graphics, etc.
Justification can influence word spacing.
Justification clears the way to our acceptance.
Justification comes by an infusion of grace.
Justification comes by faith which has become active by charity.
Justification comes through faith.
Justification comes to the sinner in a moment, and sanctification begins at that moment.
Justification consists in a governmental decree of pardon or amnesty.
Justification consists in appealing to something independent.
Justification consists in both victory over death caused by sin and a new participation in grace.
Justification constitutes man's cooperation with grace infused by the church sacraments.
Justification covers over all past sins, all present sins, and all future sins as well.
Justification deals with the sins of the past, present, and the future.
Justification destroys people's right to judge.
Justification determines how the text is placed on each line in the document.
Justification effects only a change of relations.
Justification encompasses two central facts.
Justification entails the legal declaration of forgiveness.
Justification establishes an eternal relationship that can never be broken.
Justification follows the current system justification.
Justification Get an occupation, situation, etc.
Justification Give a brief rationale for the change.
Justification gives the text a more formal appearance.
Justification has far greater value than providence.
Justification has nothing to do with it.
Justification has to do solely with the legal side of salvation.
Justification has to do with justice being settled and finished.
Justification immediately brings forth sanctification.
Justification implies being accepted, finding an identity, and counting as someone.
Justification involves two very important events.
Justification is a beautiful word.
Justification is a continual action.
Justification is a declaration made about a person.
Justification is a fancy word for innocence.
Justification is a judicial act absolving from punishment and restoring to divine favor.
Justification is a judicial word.
Justification is a legal term and looks at the pronouncement of a verdict.
Justification is a legal word having reference to trial and judgment.
Justification is a legal word, a law term.
Justification is a matter of being declared righteous.
Justification is a mercy spun out of the bowels of free grace.
Justification is a necessary part of the Christian faith.
Justification is a state and an act.
Justification is a term which belongs to the law court and to divine jurisprudence.
Justification is a third process by which media violence stimulates aggression.
Justification is a word for the insecure.
Justification is a word that intimidates many people.
Justification is a written argument of why the student believes the test has been misgraded.
Justification is an act of grace within man.
Justification is an act, a declaration.
Justification is an administrative issue.
Justification is an eternal relationship that can never be broken.
Justification is an instantaneous occurrence with the result being eternal life.
Justification is another word for pardon.
Justification is based on the user's expectations of potential savings.
Justification is both an event and a process.
Justification is by faith alone, apart from the deeds of the law.
Justification is by faith alone.
Justification is by faith, but the regeneration that accompanies justification produces works.
Justification is by, to be of grace.
Justification is circumstances.
Justification is completely apart from works.
Justification is consideration
Justification is crowned with glorification.
Justification is easy.
Justification is eschatological.
Justification is evidenced by sanctification.
Justification is evidenced by works.
Justification is explanations.
Justification is forensic effective.
Justification is glorious, but justification plus reconciliation is even more glorious.
Justification is in clear language.
Justification is in no way earned by the individual.
Justification is incomplete until death.
Justification is instantaneous, objective and complete.
Justification is like asparagus-planting.
Justification is like forgiveness, but more.
Justification is limited to the space provided on the form.
Justification is mediately by faith.
Justification is more than just mere acquittal.
Justification is one of the great words of our redemption.
Justification is pictured in the sacrificial system of the nation of Israel.
Justification is provided for why specific steps are planned to meet the goal.
Justification is received by faith alone.
Justification is required for all emergency service.
Justification is required for any encroachment.
Justification is required for nonstandard painting.
Justification is required for the purchase of equipment.
Justification is required for the use of any color ink other than black.
Justification is required if the participant population is restricted to one gender or ethnic group.
Justification is required if the subject population is restricted to one gender or ethnic group.
Justification is required only for disability-based distinctions.
Justification is required to maintain a listed course in an active status.
Justification is required.
Justification is restricted to pardon.
Justification is simply a verdict of the court declaring, or pronouncing, a person to be righteous.
Justification is that gratification is mutual and it is a private matter.
Justification is the binding that holds the book of the Christian life together.
Justification is the description of how text appears on the page.
Justification is the doorway into a life of growth in grace.
Justification is the dynamic of the message.
Justification is the great basic truth on which all is built.
Justification is the initiation to discipleship.
Justification is the more important concept.
Justification is the nonimputation of sin.
Justification is the opposite of condemnation.
Justification is the payment, the provision for the plan.
Justification is the process of stretching or shrinking a line to force it to fit a certain width.
Justification is the relational result of salvation.
Justification is the same as for the program name .
Justification is the teaching about how people are saved.
Justification is then by faith plus works.
Justification is then to declare the sinner just.
Justification is therefore a declaring righteous which is also a making righteous.
Justification is thorough and appropriate.
Justification is thoroughly and completely objective.
Justification is through grace alone.
Justification is thus a social, historical phenomenon.
Justification is to be pardoned.
Justification is two-fold, the removal of guilt and the imputation of righteousness.
Justification is vindication.
Justification lies in the belief that the initial attack is slow, technically unsound or tentative.
Justification lies in the transition from a violent past to a peaceful, democratic future.
Justification makes the believer legally free from the old service of sin.
Justification means disregarding one or more pieces of evidence.
Justification means more than pardon.
Justification means that a man is accounted righteous.
Justification means that no sin remains charged to our account.
Justification means that our sins are forgiven.
Justification means that the sinner is really made just.
Justification means to be set right before the law.
Justification means to declare righteousness sanctification means to make righteous.
Justification needs to be provided.
Justification never reaches a permanent stop.
Justification normally assumes identity of person across options.
Justification occurs at the moment of a person's faith in Jesus Christ, Rom.
Justification opens the way for the heart's regeneration.
Justification presupposes criminality, or sin.
Justification produces a cessation of all hostilities.
Justification produces reconciliation.
Justification removes the guilt.
Justification settings Finally, and perhaps most overlooked, are the justification spacing settings.
Justification starts the believer on the path toward righteousness.
Justification varies from person to person.
Justifications accept responsibility for the act but deny that the act was wrongful or blameworthy.
Justifications are addressed to others.
Justifications are to be supported by factual statement.
Justifications demand critical analysis.
Justifications have to be given for the advance.
More justification is needed for the councilor for the dependent regions and sector.
Some justification is described below.
Some justifications are more understandable than others.
Some justifications can be very brief.
Justified anger has a solution.
Every justified belief is justified by inferring it from some justified belief or beliefs.
Justified criticism has to be brought to the light and revealed.
Justified text gives strange word spacing that is harder to read.
Justified text is aligned with both the left and right margins.
Justified text is flush on both sides.
Justified type looks better in most cases than ragged right margins.
Justin boots are an ideal combination of comfort, quality and good looks.
Justin martyr says that it was in a cave .
Justinian page is added.
Jute fiber is produced from the earth, and cultivated froma substainable resource in Bangladesh.
Jute fibers are weaker and less durable than flax or hemp, and relatively easily rotted by water.
A jute is plant fibre
Jute contributes to income and food security in other ways.
Jute isa fiber.
Jute isa fibre.
Jute wears too easily and some other fabrics that last a little longer are too hard on the teeth.
Many juvenile advocates oppose tough sentences for teen and pre-teen offenders.
Juvenile alligators eat fish.
Most juvenile alligators eat fish.
Juvenile arthritis is a general term for all types of arthritis occurring in children.
Juvenile arthritis is a general term for all types of arthritis that occur in children.
Juvenile arthritis is autoimmune .
Juvenile arthritis is autoimmune.
Juvenile arthritis is the leading cause of disability in children.
Juvenile arthritis is the name of a group of arthritis-related conditions that affect children.
Juvenile birds feed diets.
Juvenile birds feed meat diets.
Juvenile birds have beaks.
Juvenile birds have bills.
Juvenile birds have brownish heads.
Juvenile birds have heads.
Juvenile birds have plumages.
Juvenile birds select sites.
Most juvenile birds feed diets.
Most juvenile birds feed meat diets.
Most juvenile birds have beaks.
Most juvenile birds have bills.
Most juvenile birds have brownish heads.
Most juvenile birds have heads.
Most juvenile birds have plumages.
Most juvenile birds select sites.
Some juvenile birds return to boxes.
Some juvenile birds return to nest boxes.
Some juvenile bobcats leave mothers.
Many juvenile books have no page numbers.
Some juvenile books consist entirely or primarily of illustrations.
Some juvenile books have shorter loan periods at times of peak demand.
Juvenile bullfrogs have behaviour.
Most juvenile bullfrogs have behaviour.
Many juvenile cases have restitution in some form as part of the disposition.
Juvenile cats are known as kittens or kitty cats.
Juvenile cats do better when fed many times during the day.
Juvenile cataracts affect different areas of the lens depending upon the breed of dog.
Juvenile cataracts cause blindness.
Some juvenile clams reach maturity.
Juvenile cougars search for territory.
Most juvenile cougars search for territory.
A juvenile court is a court
Juvenile courts are courts.
Juvenile courts are now standard branches of our legal system.
Juvenile courts are similarly divided.
Juvenile courts are specialized courts which deal exclusively with matters involving children.
Juvenile courts can now fine parents for failing to attend parent-teacher conferences.
Juvenile courts employ a variety of dispositions for youth adjudicated as delinquent offenders.
Juvenile courts employ a variety of dispositions for youth adjudicated as delinquent.
Juvenile courts entitle children to only some of the due process safeguards that adults receive.
Juvenile courts exercise jurisdiction over children and, in some instances, minors and adults.
Juvenile courts serve as the gatekeepers to the state s foster care system.
Juvenile courts serve as the overseers of the foster care system.
Juvenile courts supervise children in foster care for the entire time that children are in care.
Juvenile courts tend to be less formal than adult courts.
Juvenile courts work with law enforcement prosecution and defense attorneys.
All juvenile courts deal in misery, but conditions in Allegheny County's compound the suffering.
Juvenile crabs inhabit areas.
Juvenile crabs inhabit mangrove areas.
Juvenile crabs inhabit shelter areas.
Most juvenile crabs inhabit mangrove areas.
Most juvenile crabs inhabit shelter areas.
Some juvenile crabs eat diatoms.
Some juvenile crabs take up residences.
Juvenile crime continues to be a concern in Florida.
Juvenile crime harms society and places the young person at great risk.
Juvenile crime increases.
Juvenile crime is a growing concern throughout the United States.
Juvenile crime is a problem which needs special attention, especially violent juvenile crime.
Juvenile crime is a seemingly intractable problem.
Juvenile crime is a statewide concern and has a direct impact on the adult correctional population.
Juvenile crime is a triple tragedy.
Juvenile crime is also down in comparison to adult crime.
Juvenile crime is an extension of a troubled family system.
Juvenile crime is down in Texas, and violent juvenile crime is down sharply.
Juvenile crime is down.
Juvenile crime is on the increase in rural Minnesota as well.
Juvenile crime is on the rise again.
Juvenile crime is on the rise as well.
Juvenile crime is our most serious problem.
Juvenile crime is perceived to be growing.
Juvenile crime is prosecuted with an eye toward prevention, treatment, and punishment.
Juvenile crime is rampant.
Juvenile crime is relatively low today.
Juvenile crime is up for tweens.
Juvenile crime is up, in the county and in the country.
Juvenile crime is up.
Juvenile crime is violent crime.
Juvenile crime is widespread, random and violent.
Juvenile crime is worse than ever before, and shows no sign of improving.
Juvenile crime offers a concrete example.
Juvenile crime presents diverse risks to public safety and the well-being of citizens.
Juvenile crimes are much more violent.
Most juvenile crime takes place in the hours immediately after school is dismissed.
Most juvenile crimes occur in the hours immediately after school.
Juvenile crocodiles feed on fish.
Juvenile crocodiles feed on sea fish.
Most juvenile crocodiles feed on fish.
Most juvenile crocodiles feed on sea fish.
Many juvenile customers scorn decaf in the sugary coffee drinks they prefer.
Juvenile delinquency increases every year.
Juvenile delinquency involves the studying of crime and misbehaviour that occurs during adolescence.
Juvenile delinquency is a broad area.
Juvenile delinquency is a quality of life issue affecting the total community.
Juvenile delinquency is an activity
Juvenile delinquency is an enormous problem faced by both State and tribal governments.
Juvenile delinquency is an exciting course of study.
Juvenile delinquency is an important social problem.
Juvenile delinquency is an outward symptom of the deeper social ills afflicting at-risk youth.
Juvenile delinquency is another dimension of crime.
Juvenile delinquency is on the rise led by the increase in auto theft.
Juvenile delinquency is prevalent across the nation.
Juvenile delinquency is purely a social disease.
Juvenile delinquency is rampant.
Juvenile delinquency is seen as a serious problem in the American society.
Juvenile delinquency is the violation of legal standards by the young.
Juvenile delinquency places a tremendous burden on both families and community resources.
A juvenile delinquent is an offender
Juvenile delinquents are highly flammable.
Juvenile delinquents commit crimes as a way to lash out at overly-strict parents.
Many juvenile delinquents listen to heavy metal music.
Juvenile dermatomyositis is the condition most often seen in children.
Juvenile dermatomyositis is very rare.
Juvenile executions are particularly worrisome.
Most juvenile facilities tend to emphasize preparation for when they get out a bit more.
Juvenile fiction is for older grades and young adult readers.
All juvenile filings are confidential records.
Juvenile fish are marketed as food.
Juvenile fish become adults and some change shape or their colour.
Juvenile fish benefit from migration conditions which more closely approximate natural conditions.
Juvenile fish can be very common in the pools.
Juvenile fish go through various stages between birth and adulthood.
Juvenile fish have a pair of narrow yellow bands along sides.
Juvenile fish require special techniques for transport.
Juvenile fish retain their fondness for the stream bottom and are often found at or near it.
Juvenile fish show silvery speckles and the fins are light incolor and transparent like glass .
Juvenile glaucoma is treated using medications, laser surgery and filtering surgery.
Juvenile glaucoma produces a symptom pattern similar to open-angle glaucoma.
Juvenile hormone is secreted by two tiny glands behind the brain, the corpora allata .
Juvenile hormone restores larval pattern of sericotropin gene transcripts.
Juvenile hormone stimulates fat bodies to synthesize and export vitellogens, or yolk proteins.
Juvenile hormone tells the insect to remain in the immature state.
Juvenile hormones are secreted by glands.
Juvenile hormones suppress the development of adult structures.
Most juvenile hormones are secreted by glands.
Juvenile iguanas shed skin.
Most juvenile iguanas shed skin.
Some juvenile iguanas reside in aquaria.
Some juvenile iguanas reside in gallon aquaria.
Juvenile justice absorbs approximately one-sixth of county human services spending.
Juvenile lampreys use mouths.
Most juvenile laws pose no significant threat or deterrent to gang involvement.
Juvenile leaves are bronze before becoming green in color.
Juvenile leaves have short petiole and are more oblong.
Juvenile literature Getting some kids to eat vegetables is like pulling teeth.
Juvenile lizards grow into adults.
Most juvenile lizards grow into adults.
Juvenile lungfishes have circular heads.
Juvenile lungfishes have heads.
Most juvenile lungfishes have circular heads.
Most juvenile lungfishes have heads.
Juvenile mortality occurs during years.
Most juvenile mortality occurs during years.
Juvenile mud crabs inhabit areas.
Juvenile mud crabs inhabit mangrove areas.
Juvenile mud crabs inhabit shelter areas.
Juvenile offenders appear to be more likely to possess guns than adults.
Juvenile offenders are at least as responsive to criminal sanctions as adults.
Juvenile offenders find a way out of crime and substance abuse through drug court.
Juvenile offenders indicate that something is wrong by their sexual behaviour and drawings.
Juvenile offenders serve hard time but typically learn little of value during their stint in prison.
Many juvenile offenders are third-generation violent offenders.
Many juvenile offenders receive no punishment at all.
Most juvenile offenders have a history of child abuse.
Juvenile ospreys have coloration.
Juvenile ospreys have speckle coloration.
Most juvenile ospreys have coloration.
Most juvenile ospreys have speckle coloration.
Some juvenile perches have options.
Some juvenile plumages have degrees.
Most juvenile prostitutes are in their mid to late teens.
Some juvenile raccoons are distinguished from animals.
All juvenile records are closed and confidential at the court's discretion.
Juvenile rehabilitation works.
Juvenile salamanders exhibit preference.
Most juvenile salamanders exhibit preference.
Some juvenile salamanders emerge from burrows.
Juvenile salmon grow in clean, productive estuarine environments and gain the energy for migration.
Juvenile salmon is a bit of a misnomer for the theme ingredient.
Juvenile salmon making their way to the ocean are most at risk to damage from the dams.
Some juvenile sauropods face problems.
Juvenile snails inhabit coral reef zones.
Juvenile snails inhabit tidal zones.
Juvenile snails inhabit zones.
Juvenile snakes have ability.
Juvenile snakes have prey.
Most juvenile snakes have ability.
Most juvenile snakes have prey.
Some juvenile snooks survive in water.
Juvenile starfishs feed on algas.
Most juvenile starfishs feed on algas.
Some juvenile starfishs look like versions.
Juvenile survival contributes to growth.
Juvenile survival contributes to population growth.
Some juvenile toads avoid snakes.
Some juvenile toads move into habitats.
Some juvenile toads move into surround habitats.
Some juvenile toads move into surround terrestrial habitats.
Some juvenile toads move into terrestrial habitats.
Juvenile turtles have black carapaces.
Juvenile turtles have carapaces.
Juvenile turtles need food.
Juvenile turtles occur in habitats.
Most juvenile turtles have black carapaces.
Most juvenile turtles have carapaces.
Most juvenile turtles occur in habitats.
Some juvenile turtles return to areas.
Some juvenile turtles return to coastal areas.
Juvenile violence can occur in every community, but it remains concentrated in major cities.
Juvenile violence flourishes around certain types of businesses and blocks.
Juvenile violence is a tangible problem that affects every community.
Juvenile violence stems in large part from a breakdown of family and community.
A juvenile is a person
Juvenile announces plans to leave the community or run away.
Juvenile avoids contact with mentor.
Juvenile bitterns lack neck streaking.
Juvenile cod make substrate decisions based on risk of predation.
Juvenile cod survive and grow better on complex bottoms.
Juvenile corrections programs vary in their purpose and structure.
Juvenile cowcod eat small shrimp and crabs.
Juvenile diabetes poses a daily risk of hypoglycemic reactions and coma.
Juvenile differs from adult in having dark eyes and more yellow beneath.
Juvenile drinking and driving is absolutely unacceptable behavior, period.
Juvenile eagles then leave the nesting area within two months.
Juvenile eats almost entirely aquatic invertebrates, mostly insects.
Juvenile fall chinook salmon survive at a higher rate under increased flows and lower temperatures.
Juvenile firesetting, both malicious and child fire play, is an incredibly destructive behavior.
Juvenile frogs prey largely on invertebrates, such as insects and molluscs.
Juvenile hails from the infamous New Orleans uptown region and was reared in the Magnolia projects.
Juvenile has browner head and breast, and the bare parts are duller than in adults.
Juvenile has clean white underside.
Juvenile has dark belly and is all dark under the wings.
Juvenile has milky grayish-colored iris and fleshy pinkish gape.
Juvenile has more brown on head, shoulders, and back.
Juvenile hawk perching on the artificial cedar snag tree.
Juvenile hens exhibit the greatest dispersal movements.
Juvenile hexosaminidase A deficiency.
Juvenile hoatzins swim and dive efficiently.
Juvenile is a more generic term that describes young fish before they reach the adult stage.
Juvenile is bright green with greenish forehead.
Juvenile is charged with beating a man with a champagne bottle .
Juvenile is dark brown, streaked with buff on the upperparts, and underparts slightly mottled too.
Juvenile is duller than adults, with dull orange bill, and pinkish or dusky legs.
Juvenile is entitled to counsel at hearings.
Juvenile is made from pure magma.
Juvenile is similar to adult but has a light blue tail.
Juvenile is similar to non breeding adult, but browner and with pale tips to back feathers.
Juvenile lampreys transform into adults during late fall and early winter.
Juvenile leaves broader than E. viminalis .
Juvenile leaves bronze.
Juvenile leaves have three to five lobes.
Juvenile leaves linear-subulate.
Juvenile leaves reappear and the plant's growth rate decreases.
Juvenile leaves, variable but usually attractive mature leaves grey-green ovate shaped.
Juvenile loggerhead sea turtles arrive from the south Atlantic to feed for the summer.
Juvenile mourning doves come to feeding station.
Juvenile nematodes enter the insect host.
Juvenile now appeals.
Juvenile offender basic training camp program.
Juvenile offending is generally spontaneous, unsophisticated and less serious than adult offending.
Juvenile olives feed on crustaceans, juvenile fishes, polychaetes, octopi and squid.
Juvenile polyps causing colocolic intussusception. . .
Juvenile presents audio books available.
Juvenile queens also tend to be more brightly colored than blues.
Juvenile rattlesnakes can deliver a fully potent bite.
Juvenile rattlesnakes, like adult rattlesnakes, pose the same danger if encountered and threatened.
Juvenile rearing and smolting is simulated at the watershed scale, as juveniles migrate downstream.
Juvenile records on file in Adams County, where the driver lives, tell the chilling story.
Juvenile redback spider showing incomplete red stripe on abdomen.
Juvenile redbelly watersnake.
Juvenile resembles adults but it has smaller size.
Juvenile resembles adults with light spotting on underparts.
Juvenile resembles erythrothorax or cyanuchen.
Juvenile resembles female with white parts flecked with lighter greys and browns.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis , or Still's disease, is characterized by chronic fever and anemia.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis in some cases.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is a variant which affects children.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is a very serious illness, and it s extremely rare in children.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is probably one of the more misunderstood diseases for young children.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is the most common type of arthritis in children.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is unpredictable.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis or any other disease needing aspirin therapy.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis persisting into adulthood.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis symptoms and complications can cause a lot of pain and stress.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis vs. juvenile spondyloarthropathy.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, primary dysmenorrhea, sunburn.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, prophylaxis of migraine, migraine due to menses, sunburn.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, sunburn, prophylaxis of migraine, migraine due to menses.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, sunburn.
Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Juvenile sampling is now complete.
Juvenile sf novella of an almost destroyed Earth.
Juvenile show offs.
Juvenile smoking violations have a mandatory court appearance.
Juvenile sparrows forage less efficiently than adults.
Juvenile spotted gar eat mosquito larvae.
Juvenile suspect in custody for driving offense or fish and game offense.
Juvenile suspect in custody.
Juvenile whipsnakes consume insects, including crickets, locusts, and cicadas.
Juveniles act as cleaners until about three inches in length.
Juveniles alarm bark more than the others.
Juveniles also are victims of homicide.
Juveniles also bask, but often in more protected areas of more dense vegetation.
Juveniles also bask, but often in more protected areas with more dense vegetation.
Juveniles also have a distinctive black patch on the abdomen edged in white.
Juveniles also have bright yellow tail tips.
Juveniles also have dark, oval parr marks on their sides.
Juveniles also have distinctive colours.
Juveniles also have five or six irregular rows of bronze spots along their sides.
Juveniles also have more brown plumage in the winter.
Juveniles also have white spots on their dorsal fins.
Juveniles appear about a month later.
Juveniles appear nearly grayish, but still have a frosty appearance.
Juveniles appear to be active later in the fall than adults.
Juveniles appear to disperse widely.
Juveniles are a bright silvery color.
Juveniles are a dull gray brown.
Juveniles are a grayish brown.
Juveniles are a red-brown color with buff barring on the neck.
Juveniles are a rich chocolate-brown over most of their bodies.
Juveniles are a special population with special designation needs.
Juveniles are a spotted brown and white in colouration, with patches of orange gradually appearing.
Juveniles are a very entertaining type of fish as the play and swim in the aquarium.
Juveniles are able to access services almost immediately.
Juveniles are able to breed in their second summer.
Juveniles are active at dusk, so they tend to reach the source before the adults.
Juveniles are all carnivores.
Juveniles are also diurnal and eat crustaceans.
Juveniles are also epipelagic and form schools near the surface, sometimes far offshore.
Juveniles are also gray but their breasts are streaked and lighter in appearance.
Juveniles are also inept at handling prey.
Juveniles are also pelagic and abundant in shallow near-shore areas and estuaries.
Juveniles are also preferable to adults.
Juveniles are also sometimes caned on orders from the courts for criminal acts.
Juveniles are as green as grass.
Juveniles are black with a pair of gold stripes along the sides of the back and underbody.
Juveniles are black with contrasting white stripes.
Juveniles are black with three white spots and stay often with sea anemones.
Juveniles are black with yellow or white bars crossing the body.
Juveniles are blueish in color, and as they mature they become dark grey to black.
Juveniles are born venomous and are responsible for capturing their own food.
Juveniles are bright yellow with two dark stripes along the sides.
Juveniles are brown and white with no red on their heads.
Juveniles are brown or tan with indistinct dark dorsal crossbands.
Juveniles are brown overall with a brownish olive back.
Juveniles are brown overall, with dark streaking below.
Juveniles are brownish with a light band across back of head.
Juveniles are brownish-gray above, with a pale center crown stripe and entirely white underparts.
Juveniles are brownish-gray.
Juveniles are capable of breeding in their second year of life.
Juveniles are citizens of the state, entitled to the protection thereof.
Juveniles are clearly responsible for a disproportionate amount of violent crime.
Juveniles are colored similarly as the adults.
Juveniles are completely black.
Juveniles are crepuscular , feeding on lizards and foraging actively.
Juveniles are dark brown or black and also striped and have blue tails.
Juveniles are dark brownish black with a thin white or cream mid-dorsal stripe.
Juveniles are dark brownish with a light band across back of head.
Juveniles are dark gray tinged with chestnut.
Juveniles are dark olive brown with black cross-banding on the tail and body.
Juveniles are dark toward the head, patterned toward the tail, and have pink to tan bellies.
Juveniles are darker brown than the chestnut-colored adults.
Juveniles are darker in color.
Juveniles are deep black with bright blue tails.
Juveniles are deep red almost black with bright white to yellow longitudinal stripes.
Juveniles are demersal and likely occur within the adult habitat.
Juveniles are demersal and likey occur within the adult habitat.
Juveniles are downy and almost exclusively white.
Juveniles are dull brown in summer but moult in autumn to adult plumage.
Juveniles are easy to identify, with their beautiful patterns of black, yellow and golden brown.
Juveniles are eaten by seabirds, crabs and carnivorous fish.
Juveniles are either gray or nearly white.
Juveniles are especially hard to identify.
Juveniles are essentially independent of their parents at six weeks.
Juveniles are even more distinctive, as they are a bright orange color.
Juveniles are fed fruit a few times a week.
Juveniles are filter feeders of diatoms and algae from the sediment.
Juveniles are filter feeders of microorganisms and organic matter from the sediment.
Juveniles are generally duller than adults, with a much duller brownish-orange bill.
Juveniles are generally duller, lacking gloss on the black head feathers and lacking the crest.
Juveniles are generally grayish brown with white underparts.
Juveniles are gray and have a pinkish bill.
Juveniles are gray brown with grayish white underparts.
Juveniles are gray overall with dark legs.
Juveniles are gray to bluish.
Juveniles are gray with black blotches .
Juveniles are gray.
Juveniles are grayish with a light band across back of neck.
Juveniles are grayish with a pinkish hue and gray blotches.
Juveniles are grayish with dark blotches .
Juveniles are grayish with some blue in the wings and tail, speckled and lacking rust color.
Juveniles are grayish-brown with a faint bronze sheen on the back.
Juveniles are grayish-brown with distinct dark crossbands and blotches , with pale yellow bellies.
Juveniles are grayish-brown with small indistinct cheek patches.
Juveniles are green with yellow and black bands.
Juveniles are harder to reach.
Juveniles are harvested in the fall with carp.
Juveniles are highly carnivorous, but as they grow older, eat more vegetable matter.
Juveniles are humans.
Juveniles are identical in coloration to adults although they appear more plump.
Juveniles are indistinguishable from adults.
Juveniles are innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
Juveniles are kept concealed for the first few weeks of birth.
Juveniles are known to be cannibalistic .
Juveniles are known.
Juveniles are large enough at approx.
Juveniles are largely dark.
Juveniles are less glossy than adults, with a weaker pattern.
Juveniles are like females.
Juveniles are live-born in late summer.
Juveniles are mainly carnivorous , and become more omnivorous as they reach adulthood.
Juveniles are maintained in smaller versions of the adult enclosures, without plants.
Juveniles are minors.
Juveniles are more active than adults, and spend their time looking for leftover food.
Juveniles are more brown, have tan edges on their feathers, and darker tan bars on their wings.
Juveniles are more carnivorous than adults.
Juveniles are more carnivorous, and the intake of plant material increases with size and age.
Juveniles are more evenly brownish and lack the white rump.
Juveniles are more expensive to hold because they require extra attention.
Juveniles are more likely to be shot or trapped, or to venture near human habitation.
Juveniles are more likely to be victims of sexual assault than adults.
Juveniles are more likely to migrate than adults and tend to move further south.
Juveniles are more streamlined than adults with a proportionally larger head.
Juveniles are more susceptible to myxomatosis than adults.
Juveniles are mostly green, with their adult coloring coming on during their first year.
Juveniles are much duller in color than adults.
Juveniles are of an identical pattern although they possess a distinct brown-bronze dorsal stripe.
Juveniles are often white with purple or orange markings.
Juveniles are olive to brownish or grayish green.
Juveniles are orange with iridescent blue spots, and are shy.
Juveniles are pale ashy gray, with nearly white heads.
Juveniles are pale brown to grey.
Juveniles are pale brown with white mottling and white tipped feathers, most obvious on the tail.
Juveniles are pale pink and white.
Juveniles are pale yellow in colour with black stripes and spots on the body and tail.
Juveniles are paler and duller with yellowish cheeks and wing bar.
Juveniles are paler and more variegated than the adults.
Juveniles are patterned as adults but are light gray with yellow plastron.
Juveniles are pelagic and occur within the adult habitat.
Juveniles are people.
Juveniles are pink, turning red as they mature into reddish brown or purple adults.
Juveniles are pink, turning red as they mature, and become a deep, brick red or purple as adults.
Juveniles are pink, turning red as they mature, becoming brownish purple as adults.
Juveniles are pinkish-yellow, with bright blue dorsal spots.
Juveniles are planktonic, with noticeably elongated fin rays.
Juveniles are preyed on by deep sea sharks and fishes.
Juveniles are primarily a dull brownish olive on the crown, nape, and upper parts.
Juveniles are purple in color.
Juveniles are reddish in coloration.
Juveniles are silver where as the adults are almost black in colour.
Juveniles are silvery or gold in color, with dark black spots on their backs.
Juveniles are silvery white with several rods of large golden or brown spots on the back and sides.
Juveniles are similar but have buff-brown instead of grey underparts.
Juveniles are similar in appearance except that they have a yellowish or buff-colored eye ring.
Juveniles are similar in appearance to adults, but with stronger olive and yellow tones.
Juveniles are similar in appearance to adults.
Juveniles are similar in appearance to the females.
Juveniles are similar in colour to the hens including the necklace.
Juveniles are similar in patterning to adults but lighter in coloring so banding stands out more.
Juveniles are similar in plumage to adults, and downy chicks are black, as with all rails.
Juveniles are similar to adults but less heavily marked.
Juveniles are similar to adults except for their smaller size and darker heads.
Juveniles are similar to adults except their upperpart feathers have pale fringes.
Juveniles are similar to adults in winter plumage, but have more prominent barring across the back.
Juveniles are similar to adults, but often are more richly colored with some blackish brown barring.
Juveniles are similar to females but are even duller and lack the white crescent on the hindneck.
Juveniles are similar to that of adults.
Juveniles are similar to the adults, but lack the blue on the crown and nape.
Juveniles are similar to the rufous female, but with a white patch on the nape.
Juveniles are smaller and are mottled brown and gray, with only slight brown barring on flanks.
Juveniles are smaller and lighter in color than adults.
Juveniles are solid brown.
Juveniles are solitary and usually benthic.
Juveniles are somewhat more brown in color with white wing patches broken by black.
Juveniles are sooty gray allover, with slightly darker lores and a paler throat.
Juveniles are spotted in typical thrush pattern, molting into adult plumage in the fall.
Juveniles are streaked overall until they reach adult plumage at the end of their first summer.
Juveniles are subject to many additional legal restrictions.
Juveniles are subject to predation by larger fishes and sharks.
Juveniles are subject to the death penalty.
Juveniles are subject to the same maximum sentences as adults.
Juveniles are the dominant life-history stage captured in all areas.
Juveniles are the fastest growing segment among violent offenders.
Juveniles are therefore at greater risk of getting into an accident, and a serious accident at that.
Juveniles are typically plain grey with brown or darker spots.
Juveniles are unbarred above with a rich, buff fore-neck and breast.
Juveniles are uniformly brown with scattered white tips of down.
Juveniles are usually in grades eleven and twelve.
Juveniles are usually most vulnerable to predation.
Juveniles are usually satiny black with light spots.
Juveniles are very rare in the western Atlantic, but are common in the eastern Atlantic.
Juveniles are very secretive and hide among sea weed, under stones, and in crevices.
Juveniles are very similar in appearance to adults, but duller and with less iridescence.
Juveniles are very social, and they like to drive from place to place and to see and be seen.
Juveniles are white with a mottled caramel head and neck.
Juveniles are wholly brown or blackish gray with black bill and facial skin.
Juveniles are yellow in colour with black spots and bands on the body and tail.
Juveniles are young animals.
Juveniles arrive in New Zealand after their first trans-Pacific flight when barely four months old.
Juveniles attach a thrill to drinking and want to consume all the alcohol that is available.
Juveniles attending school events or on their way home, for example, are exempt.
Juveniles become capable of sustained flight two weeks after fledging.
Juveniles become fully mature within four years for females and eight years for males.
Juveniles beg loudly and are fed by both parents.
Juveniles beg submissively for food from adults.
Juveniles begin their migration earlier than adults and juvenile females move before juvenile males.
Juveniles brownish with indistinct dark marking usually found in mangroves or inlet waters.
Juveniles can be feed every day and adults every other day.
Juveniles can break away, generate new threads, and drift to new areas of attachment.
Juveniles can feed on bloodworms and commercial food that has been crushed.
Juveniles can molt every week or so.
Juveniles can run on land and over water.
Juveniles can stay on probation until the age of twenty-one.
Juveniles commit crimes for various reasons .
Juveniles commonly feed on zooplankton.
Juveniles commonly occur in seagrasses, mangrove creeks and oyster reefs.
Juveniles consume mostly amphipods and polychaete worms.
Juveniles consume mostly aquatic invertebrates such as insects, spiders, crustaceans and molluscs.
Juveniles consume zooplankton, insect larvae, small fish and crayfish.
Juveniles continue to commit serious crimes.
Juveniles continue to grow rapidly and can reach adult size within a year.
Juveniles create burrows in slimy stream bottoms.
Juveniles currently commit a high proportion of crime in the United States.
Juveniles develop either to free-livingadults or to infective filariform juveniles.
Juveniles develop into either adult males or females.
Juveniles develop into the distinct adult body by means of a process called metamorphosis.
Juveniles develop rapidly, and are usually able to fly in about three weeks.
Juveniles develop social skills, through sex-specific patterns of play.
Juveniles develop their long call by trial and error.
Juveniles develop through the third and fourth stages to become adult males or females.
Juveniles differ in the skin pattern from the adults.
Juveniles display increasing tolerance with age to low salinity environments.
Juveniles do occasionally commit terrible crimes.
Juveniles eat a larger proportion of energy-rich animal food than do adults.
Juveniles eat aquatic insects.
Juveniles eat aquatic invertebrates and insects.
Juveniles eat crustaceans and insects before moving onto larger, terrestrial prey.
Juveniles eat crustaceans, zooplankton, aquatic insects and other small aquatic organisms.
Juveniles eat microalgae, diatoms, bacterial film.
Juveniles eat primarily plankton, such as small crustaceans and copepods, as well as fish eggs.
Juveniles eat small crickets, grasshoppers, moths and flies.
Juveniles eat small fish and invertebrates.
Juveniles eat small reptiles, crustaceans, small mammals, and birds.
Juveniles engage in play-biting matches to determine their rank later in life.
Juveniles enter bays and estuaries in autumn.
Juveniles enter bays and estuaries.
Juveniles entering the liver or other organs induce inflammatory reactions.
Juveniles exhibit only a faint red spotted pattern.
Juveniles fall prey to other rockfishes, lingcod, cabezon, salmon, albacore, birds, and porpoise.
Juveniles fall prey to other rockfishes, lingcod, cabezon, salmon, marine birds and porpoises.
Juveniles feed in the intertidal zone during low tide.
Juveniles feed mainly on insects and their larvae.
Juveniles feed mainly on shrimp, amphipods, euphausiids, and fish and shellfish larvae.
Juveniles feed mostly on amphibians , and adults prey on small mammals , snakes and fish.
Juveniles feed mostly on chironomid larvae, cladocerans, ostracods, amphipods, bugs, and mayflies.
Juveniles feed on grasshoppers, beetles, small geckos, eggs, birds, and eventually small mammals.
Juveniles feed on insects, spiders, snails, gastropods and mussels.
Juveniles feed on invertebrates, such as crabs and freshwater shrimp.
Juveniles feed on reptiles more often than their adult counterparts.
Juveniles feed on squid and small fishes.
Juveniles feed on tiny zooplankton, including insects and crustaceans.
Juveniles feed on typical surfperch food such as worms, small crabs, mussels, and tiny snails.
Juveniles feed on zooplankton and phytoplanton.
Juveniles freely choose prostitution or pornography.
Juveniles generally have a brown carapace with orange coloured legs.
Juveniles generally have brown carapaces and orange colored legs.
Juveniles generally look the same for both sexes.
Juveniles get a more severe mix of detention, community service, probation and fines.
Juveniles grow into adults without any significant changes other than size.
Juveniles grow poorly and are predisposed to infections.
Juveniles grow rapidly to reach adult size within ten months.
Juveniles grow rapidly, attaining sexual maturity in as little as nine months.
Juveniles grow slowly, taking three to five years to reach adult size.
Juveniles grow throughout the summer, then begin to fatten in preparation for hibernation.
Juveniles hang around in or near the nest waiting for parents to come back with food.
Juveniles hatch out as miniature adults and soon begin feeding on small crustaceans.
Juveniles hatch with adhering organs to attach to plants.
Juveniles hatch, and develop through four molts.
Juveniles have a black and yellow striped pattern.
Juveniles have a black beak , which gradually brightens to orange in the adults.
Juveniles have a blotched color pattern, while adults have solid color.
Juveniles have a bone coloured beak, grey eye-rings, and less white in the tail feathers.
Juveniles have a brown body, a black bill and no black on the facial area.
Juveniles have a brown head with no red at all.
Juveniles have a brown streaked beast.
Juveniles have a dark crown with no plumes or ruff, and a mottled neck.
Juveniles have a dark mid-dorsal stripe flanked by pale tan stripes and dark sides.
Juveniles have a dark purple stripe on the umbo that extends ventrally.
Juveniles have a distinct light-colored eye ring and dark streaked throat, breast and sides.
Juveniles have a duller bill.
Juveniles have a flattened carapace with three prominent keels.
Juveniles have a golden cast to head and neck and spotted upperparts.
Juveniles have a gray bill and a dark upper rump.
Juveniles have a gray or white collar behind the head.
Juveniles have a grayish-brown general coloration, blackish head and neck skin, and a brown ruff.
Juveniles have a grey plumage flecked with white.
Juveniles have a have a patch of white on the tail.
Juveniles have a kite-shaped opercular opening.
Juveniles have a less conspicuous breast band and a fainter supercilium.
Juveniles have a light stripe along the dorsal side.
Juveniles have a pale pinkish colored bell and dark reddish tentacles.
Juveniles have a redder crown and a more obvious supercilium.
Juveniles have a reddish brown rump, and their underparts are a darker buff.
Juveniles have a reddish-brown body with bright blue iridescent spots and strips.
Juveniles have a slightly greener head, a brown beak, and brown irises.
Juveniles have a streaked breast.
Juveniles have a yellow border to scales on the head and upper side of flippers.
Juveniles have additional white markings on the abdomen.
Juveniles have an usually obvious chocolate brown plumage with bold white eyebrows.
Juveniles have bands below the dorsal fin, the darkest of which appears below the second dorsal fin.
Juveniles have black bars on their tentacles.
Juveniles have black bills and gray coats.
Juveniles have black heads with no beauty marks.
Juveniles have black heads.
Juveniles have black speckles.
Juveniles have bold crossbars and yellow tails.
Juveniles have bold patterns, whereas adults often have obscure ones.
Juveniles have bright blue tails, the color of which fades when they mature.
Juveniles have bright iridescent blue spots on their body.
Juveniles have bright tan and brown shells while the shells of adults are darker.
Juveniles have brown heads, orange irises, and less distinct, whitish eyebrows.
Juveniles have brown irises and otherwise resemble females.
Juveniles have brown plumage and brown eyes.
Juveniles have brown skin patches and can be dark grey to brown in color.
Juveniles have dark blotches on the body and fins.
Juveniles have dark blue skin.
Juveniles have dark brown skin with a thin white stripe running down their backs.
Juveniles have dark dorsal patterns on light gray backgrounds.
Juveniles have dark pigmented bodies with pink faces.
Juveniles have different rights than adults, too.
Juveniles have enough of the face pattern of the adults to be identifiable.
Juveniles have fairly well-defined stripes.
Juveniles have filamentous dorsal rays which shorten with age.
Juveniles have fin colors ranging from scarlet-red to pink.
Juveniles have four faint bands on the body.
Juveniles have gray heads while newly hatched birds have black heads.
Juveniles have grayish brown plumage, and their bills are brownish in color.
Juveniles have grayish brown plumage.
Juveniles have greyish black heads, while adults have red heads.
Juveniles have higher intakes of food compared to their weight than adult hamsters.
Juveniles have less distinct streaking and the under-tail coverts are pale brown instead of reddish.
Juveniles have light blue eyes .
Juveniles have light stripes on the sides and the back enclosing a broad black or brown stripe.
Juveniles have lower energy requirements and feed fewer times than adults do.
Juveniles have many predators, including storks, egrets, raccoons, and anacondas.
Juveniles have metallic-blue tails.
Juveniles have more contrasting markings.
Juveniles have more rights than adults do.
Juveniles have more yellow on the body and yellow pelvic fins.
Juveniles have mostly a dark plumage which gradually whitens over a long period.
Juveniles have multiple light tail bands.
Juveniles have no constitutional right to a public trial.
Juveniles have no right to a jury of their peers.
Juveniles have only a faint crest and have white mottling on the chin and throat.
Juveniles have pinkish black heads.
Juveniles have rusty wings and neck but lack the red crown until their seventh month.
Juveniles have rusty-brown edges on the collar and underparts .
Juveniles have rusty-brown edges on the collar and underparts.
Juveniles have several yellowish stripes on their backs, which fade as they mature.
Juveniles have similar physical features to that of adults.
Juveniles have smaller, less distinct white patches and sometimes a grey throat.
Juveniles have sooty gray coloration on their heads.
Juveniles have tan, brown, or black transverse bands.
Juveniles have the right to a jury trial.
Juveniles have the right to know the acts of which they are accused.
Juveniles have the right to remain silent.
Juveniles have to steal about five cars before they face even a month behind bars.
Juveniles have two light bands, one lateral line and one short line below lateral line.
Juveniles have vertical bands, hence the common name.
Juveniles have very clear red or black crossbands on light background.
Juveniles have white and rusty brown body feathers and black wingtips.
Juveniles have white bars on their wings.
Juveniles have white heads and bodies, dark brown wings and brown to black facial masks.
Juveniles have white spots on the back and buffy shading on the breast.
Juveniles have wild blue coloration when young and lose it as they get older.
Juveniles have yellow-bordered black spot on their eyelids.
Juveniles have yellow-brown spots.
Juveniles have yellowish eyes.
Juveniles inhabit inshore nursery areas.
Juveniles inhabit sheltered areas such as erosion gullies and vegetated areas in streams.
Juveniles inhabit very shallow sandy beaches and enclosed shores.
Juveniles lack spots.
Juveniles lack the plumes and are more brownish.
Juveniles lack the red tail.
Juveniles lack the spots, but are overall striped.
Juveniles leave home for reasons ranging from peer pressure to abuse.
Juveniles leave the nest after one month.
Juveniles leave the river when it cools in late fall or early winter.
Juveniles leave their family group after two to three years.
Juveniles like to cluster with older females.
Juveniles live in groups, adults tend to be loners.
Juveniles live in small groups of fish of similar size.
Juveniles live more inland than adults.
Juveniles live now in separated wards.
Juveniles live on land for four or five years after metamorphosis .
Juveniles live on land for four or five years after metamorphosis.
Juveniles live on the sea floor among rocks, algae and seagrass beds in shallow waters.
Juveniles locate prey buried in the sand by using their electro-receptors.
Juveniles look as if they have white fringes or scallops on their feathers.
Juveniles look essentially like the adults, but the colors are somewhat muted.
Juveniles look just like their parents, except younger birds have shorter tails and darker eyes.
Juveniles look like adult females, but they are darker and less colorful.
Juveniles look like adults and are soon liberated from pouch.
Juveniles look like adults but have faint streaking on the breast.
Juveniles look like the female but the young males have a pinkish bill.
Juveniles look much like adults, but their plumage is lightly mottled.
Juveniles look much like females, but are streaked underneath.
Juveniles look quite different from the adults.
Juveniles look similar to adults, but their breast feathers are whiter especially on the breast.
Juveniles look similar to females, but with less distinction between the head, neck, and body color.
Juveniles look similar, but with more pronounced scalloping on the back.
Juveniles make an educated decision to become prostitutes.
Juveniles make interesting and colorful specimens in a fish tank.
Juveniles make up nearly half of all shoplifters.
Juveniles mature by the end of one year and are able to breed.
Juveniles migrate to the ocean the first fall after they hatch, rearing briefly in estuaries.
Juveniles migrate via lymph system.
Juveniles molt into adult like plumage by early winter.
Juveniles molt into adultlike plumage by early winter.
Juveniles mostly eat insects.
Juveniles mostly inshore.
Juveniles moult during their first winter at sea, and again the following autumn.
Juveniles move rapidly and stress easily.
Juveniles normally remain in estuaries for two to four years before migrating to the ocean.
Juveniles now face exactly the same criminal charges as adults.
Juveniles occur in shallow coastal waters, adults - further offshore.
Juveniles play more vigorously with wrestling and chasing.
Juveniles possess a coppery or red tail stripe and are slimmer than the adults.
Juveniles possess eyes with a light iris, which is reported to become darker with age.
Juveniles prefer shallower waters and larger adults deeper water.
Juveniles prefer softer-bodied prey such as polychaete worms and sea anemones .
Juveniles prey primarily on lizards and giant centipedes.
Juveniles primarily feed on insects, eggs, and small birds.
Juveniles reach sexual maturity at eight years of age.
Juveniles reach sexual maturity at five years of age.
Juveniles rear briefly in estuaries.
Juveniles rear in backwaters and shallow areas through mid-summer before migrating to the ocean.
Juveniles receive community service hours for attending and participating in the course.
Juveniles reddish brown.
Juveniles regularly move overland to land-locked pools and ditches.
Juveniles released from prison are black-listed and put under strict surveillance.
Juveniles remain active until fall.
Juveniles remain in backwater areas as they develop.
Juveniles remain in estuaries through winter and first migrate offshore just prior to spawning.
Juveniles remain in the estuaries for a short time and migrate to the ocean as they grow larger.
Juveniles remain in the shallows of their natal rivers through summer and autumn.
Juveniles remain inshore for more than a year and then migrate offshore as they begin to mature.
Juveniles remain with the mother until they are completely weaned just before a new baby is born.
Juveniles remain with their mothers for about a year.
Juveniles require one to four years of stream rearing.
Juveniles require summer cold water flows.
Juveniles resemble adult females, but have gray eyes.
Juveniles resemble adults but have lighter, smaller chest spots and shorter tails.
Juveniles resemble adults, but lack the white forehead and are generally duller.
Juveniles resemble adults, but with a single rounded button at the tip of the tail.
Juveniles resemble female but have a cinamon brown breast.
Juveniles resemble females but show more brown coloration and less distinct markings.
Juveniles resemble females in coloration, but are often darker.
Juveniles resemble the adults except for being smaller and wingless.
Juveniles resemble the adults except juveniles have less contrast between the upper- and underparts.
Juveniles resemble the adults.
Juveniles resemble the female but initially lack the black cap.
Juveniles resemble the female.
Juveniles resemble young adult females, but are more boldly patterned.
Juveniles retain spotting until they move inshore and become adults.
Juveniles sometime require new born pink mice scented with lizards.
Juveniles spend more time moving on damaged leaves because of a reduced food source.
Juveniles spend two to three years in the estuary or river before migrating to the ocean.
Juveniles start fires for kicks, out of curiosity or for purposes of intimidation.
Juveniles start taking solid food from about three months, and weaning takes place at six months.
Juveniles stay in familial groups for the first year of their lives.
Juveniles stay on the shallow end of the depth spectrum.
Juveniles stay one week to a month in the estuary, schooling and feeding on small crustaceans.
Juveniles stay with their mother for up to a year.
Juveniles stopover on King Island to feed on the coastal vegetation on their way to the mainland.
Juveniles supply food for trout and other stream fish.
Juveniles take crustaceans before moving onto larger, terrestrial prey.
Juveniles take crustaceans, insects and small fish generally.
Juveniles take flight when an adult approaches.
Juveniles take several years to grow to their adult size.
Juveniles take small fish and invertebrates.
Juveniles take smaller fish fry, smaller crustaceans and aquatic insects.
Juveniles take young mice and small lizards.
Juveniles tend to be found closer to shore than adults.
Juveniles tend to be more vocal than adults, and produce a quacking call when alarmed or pursued.
Juveniles tend to be solitary.
Juveniles tend to defecate more frequently.
Juveniles tend to hang out around crustose red algae patches, and migrate much more than adults.
Juveniles tend to have gray face, skin, bill, and legs, with a brown body.
Juveniles tend to have smaller home range sizes.
Juveniles tend to inhabit shallow inshore waters and larger fish live in deeper waters.
Juveniles tend to live near protective niches in shallow patch reefs and seagrass beds.
Juveniles tend to occur in shallower waters than adults.
Juveniles then hunt with their mothers until they become completely independent.
Juveniles tolerate lower temperatures and greater salinity ranges than adults.
Juveniles traditionally commit few violent crimes, however.
Juveniles traveling from work to their home are exempt.
Juveniles turn a lighter brown before darkening to the adult coloration after one year of age.
Juveniles use burrows more than other age groups.
Juveniles use drugs due to peer pressure.
Juveniles use shallower, near shore areas.
Juveniles utilize estuaries, as well as offshore areas, for nurseries.
Juveniles utilize the rivers and sounds as a nursery area, within the same area as adults.
Juveniles work to pay off the restitution, while obtaining education and career training.
Juveniles often fall prey to adults, larger mammals, and birds.
Juveniles often feed in nearby grassy fields in late summer and autumn.
Juveniles often filter feed by using their maxillipeds.
Juveniles often have a better chance of recovery than adults.
Juveniles often have traces of gray.
Juveniles often inherit a mound from their mother.
Juveniles often receive firearms from their friends, usually at their school or home.
Juveniles often say they needed to take the gun for protection.
Juveniles often sport bright red, yellow or orange markings.
Juveniles often straggle to the east coast of the South Island, usually to moult.
Juveniles usually have a distinct pattern which tends to fade with age.
Many juveniles are well into adulthood by the time they face execution.
Many juveniles decorate their shells with sponges, kelp, or other objects to disguise themselves.
Many juveniles starve to death.
Many juveniles suffer from substance abuse issues, mental health problems and behavioral problems.
Most juveniles are very social, and they like to be in the company of friends.
Most juveniles begin lives of crime with minor offenses.
Most juveniles remain in their natal river from one to six years before migrating to the ocean.
Some juveniles act as parasite cleaners.
Some juveniles appear before the judge only once or twice.
Some juveniles are white.
Some juveniles go down in the mud and rest in a protective case when the bay dries up.
Some juveniles look like miniature adults and a few are exact replicas with different colours.
Most juveniles fish reach maturity in one year.
Most juvnile records are sealed.
Juxtaposition is a position
Juxtaposition is placements.
Juxtaposition is positions.
Some juxtapositions are humorous, and others sublime.
Some juxtapositions are indeed funny, but on the whole the article s tone is quite apologetic.
Some juxtapositions are indeed funny, but on the whole the article's tone is quite apologetic.
Kaanapali beach is by far one of the most richest beaches to see.
A kabbala is information
Kabbala describes the process of reflections which gave rise to creation.
Kabbala is an ancient form of Jewish mysticism.
A kabbalism is adherence
Kabbalism is a Jewish form of mysticism.
A kabbalist is an expert
Kabbalists are scholars.
Kabbalists group the simple letters into four triplets.
Kabbalists permute letters.
Kabbalists teach that each month of the year corresponds to a major body part.
Kabbalistic readings emphasize self-discovery and empowerment.
A kabob is a dish
Kabobs are a wonderfully easy barbecue meal.
Kabobs are dishs.
Kabobs are likely to be on the menu.
Kabobs are tasty and fun to eat.
All kabobs come with a grilled tomato and rice.
All kabuki actors are males, who play both male and female roles.
Most Kabuki actors come from a long line of actors.
Kabuki makeup helps audiences understand each character's role.
Kabuki music is classified into about a dozen categories, according to different schools.
Kabuki performances are loud, vibrant and career along at breakneck speed.
All kabuki performers are male.
All kabuki performers are men.
Kabuki syndrome is rare.
Kabuki theater becomes Jewish jazz.
Kabuki theater prints.
Kabuki theaters are very unique.
Kabuki theatre is touched on as well.
Every kachina doll is unique.
Some kachina dolls are very ancient.
A kachina is a dancer
Kachina appears as a side dancer and accompanies the kachinas.
Kachina has some very neat markings and is a real standout.
Kachina is named for rock art on the bridge that resembles symbols commonly used on kachina dolls.
Kachina is perfect as a winter home or full-time residence.
Kachina is the spirit essence of everything in the world.
Kachina offers the units separately or as part of a package, part no.
Kachinas are dancers.
Kachinas are dolls.
Kachinas are spirit.
All kachinas are different as all people are.
Every kachina is unique and made by hand.
Every kachina represents something.
KAEA members contribute about one half of the papers presented.
KAEA membership is waived for graduate students.
Kaffir lilies are so pretty with their pale pink blooms.
Kaffir lilies have a grace all of their own.
Kaffir lilies have different flowering habits.
Most Kaffir lilies are bright orange, but some are bright reddish orange.
Kaffiyehs are secured around the head with a cord called an agal .
A kafir is a person
Kafir is an Arabic word for unbeliever, a person who hides, denies, or covers the truth.
Kafir is derived from the word kufr, which means to conceal or to reject.
A kaftan is a dress
Kaftan pulls a lever and the lid slams shut, trapping Victoria.
Kafue lechwe give a snorting-cough as an alert signal and during mating displays.
Kafue lechwe live marshy habitats and prefer swamps and wetlands.
Many kaiju movies are made in Japan.
Kalagan art is limited mostly to weaving, making baskets, and crafting certain ornaments.
A kaleidoscope is a toy
Kaleidoscope isa plaything.
Kaleidoscope isa toy.
Kaleidoscopes are a fun way to do vision training.
Kaleidoscopes are forms.
Kaleidoscopes are of wood and soon to be added brass.
Kaleidoscopes are the most popular item on our web site.
Kaleidoscopes are toys.
Kaleidoscopes are works of art.
Kaleidoscopes contain equilateral triangular mirrors.
Kaleidoscopes have (part) sections.
Kaleidoscopes restore the body by fostering stillness and by providing pleasant visual images.
Most kaleidoscopes are one of a kind.
Kalevala years are a tradition spanning several generations.
Kalliala views play in relation to time in terms of three different pictures.
Kalua pig can be so gratifying.
Kalua pig is baked underground.
Kalua pork is the centerpiece of any luau.
Kamaaina rates are available to Hawaii residents only.
Kamaaina rates are available.
Kamasan paintings are actually colored drawings.
Kamasan paintings take their essential characteristics from the wayang tradition.
Kammic formations keep everything in balance.
Kanban control uses the levels of buffer inventories in the system to regulate production.
Kanban requirements are input on the shop floor.
Kanga documentation is now available.
Kangaroo care shows benefits.
Most kangaroo care shows benefits.
Kangaroo Island has a temperate climate.
Kangaroo Island is a remote natioanl park with a rugged coast line in the south of the island.
Kangaroo Island is a wilderness island in our southern waters.
Kangaroo Island is Australia s third largest island.
Kangaroo Island is one of the best places to see beautiful Australian fur seals in the wild.
Kangaroo Island is one of the world's last unspoiled wildernesses.
Kangaroo Island is paradise for nature lovers.
Kangaroo Island is surrounded by rich temperate waters.
Kangaroo Island is the third largest island off the coast of Australia.
Kangaroo islands are islands.
Kangaroo Lake has a campground Host available for information or assistance.
Kangaroo leather is by far the best leather for fine leather braiding.
Kangaroo leather is one of the finest and strongest light weight leathers known.
Kangaroo leather is the most common material for the construction of bullwhips .
Kangaroo meat is a safer, more natural, less modified product.
Kangaroo meat is low in fat, and kangaroo patties or kangaroo tail soup are well-known country food.
Kangaroo meat is similar to venison in flavor and can be used in any venison recipe.
Kangaroo meat is stronger in flavour than the meat from commercially raised food animals.
A kangaroo mouse is a rat
Kangaroo mice are gentle and adapt well to captivity.
Kangaroo mice are nocturnal , and are most active in the two hours following sunset .
Kangaroo mice are nocturnal, and are most active in the two hours following sunset.
Kangaroo mice live near shrubs growing in fine gravelly soil or windblown sand dunes.
Kangaroo mice make burrows in sand .
Kangaroo mice make burrows in sand.
Kangaroo mouses are mammals.
A kangaroo paw is a herb
Kangaroo paws are also very good cut flowers.
Kangaroo paws are much in demand as house plants and as cut flowers.
Kangaroo paws are now in flower throughout the Gardens.
Kangaroo paws work well in containers or as accent plants in borders during summer months.
A kangaroo rat is a kangaroo
Kangaroo rats adapt to life.
Kangaroo rats are a common prey items for many other desert animals.
Kangaroo rats are aggressively solitary.
Kangaroo rats are generally solitary animals with little social organization.
Kangaroo rats are mammals.
Kangaroo rats are only one of many terrestrial species that signal with drumming.
Kangaroo rats are primarily active during the night time when temperatures are the coolest.
Kangaroo rats are primarily seed eaters.
Kangaroo rats are vegetarians and eat only high carbohydrate seeds.
Kangaroo rats avoid obstacles.
Kangaroo rats can locate food caches by spatial memory.
Kangaroo rats communicate during competitive interactions and courtship.
Kangaroo rats conserve water by eating their own droppings.
Kangaroo rats eat green vegetation.
Kangaroo rats eat vegetation.
Kangaroo rats emerge at nights.
Kangaroo rats find food.
Kangaroo rats go their whole lives without drinking free water.
Kangaroo rats have a promiscuous mating system.
Kangaroo rats have glands.
Kangaroo rats have kidneys.
Kangaroo rats have long tails.
Kangaroo rats have pouches.
Kangaroo rats have sweat glands only in their feet.
Kangaroo rats have tails.
Kangaroo rats inhabit niches.
Kangaroo rats inhabit overlapping home ranges.
Kangaroo rats live in burrows.
Kangaroo rats live in complex burrow systems.
Kangaroo rats live in dry climates.
Kangaroo rats live in underground burrows.
Kangaroo rats move bipedally .
Kangaroo rats produce urine.
Kangaroo rats survive in deserts.
Kangaroo rats survive on diets.
Most kangaroo rats adapt to life.
Most Kangaroo rats are exclusively nocturnal.
Most kangaroo rats avoid obstacles.
Most kangaroo rats eat green vegetation.
Most kangaroo rats emerge at nights.
Most kangaroo rats find food.
Most kangaroo rats have glands.
Most kangaroo rats have long tails.
Most kangaroo rats have pouches.
Most kangaroo rats have tails.
Most kangaroo rats live in burrows.
Most kangaroo rats live in underground burrows.
Most kangaroo rats produce urine.
Most kangaroo rats survive in deserts.
Most kangaroo rats survive on diets.
Some kangaroo rats avoid daytime heat.
Some kangaroo rats avoid heat.
Some kangaroo rats eat kangaroo rats.
Some kangaroo rats eat rats.
Some kangaroo rats eat seeds.
Some kangaroo rats live in deserts.
Kangaroo Valley is the ideal place to spend a few hours, a few days or even a few weeks.
A kangaroo is a mammal
Kangaroo are a mammals, a marsupial mammal.
Kangaroo Be sure the directories are right.
Kangaroo brings extraordinarily strong warrior energy for all genders.
Kangaroo care in western Europe.
Kangaroo care Infant-parent contact proves to be a lifesaver for preemies.
Kangaroo has a strong sense of family togetherness.
Kangaroo hide from Australia makes strong, flexible leather for shoe uppers.
Kangaroo is a European mathematics competition for various levels of students.
Kangaroo is a meat from any of the species of kangaroo .
Kangaroo is absolutely delicious when properly cooked.
Kangaroo is believed to be a significant element in the Australian culture.
Kangaroo is classified as a game meat and shares a similar texture and taste to beef.
Kangaroo is more hard.
Kangaroo is more supple than calf skin and is considered the finest leather for braiding.
Kangaroo is one of the healthiest red meats there is.
Kangaroo is the national symbol of Australia.
Kangaroo is the only manufacturer making a motorcaddie with integral-skinned polyurethane foam.
Kangaroo is very comfortable and supple, requiring almost no break-in period.
Kangaroo isa mammal.
Kangaroo reproduce in much the same way as the opossums.
Kangaroo resembles rare London broil strips.
Kangaroo tastes great and is less filling.
Kangaroo tastes great.
Kangaroo tends to prefer simple rituals that are conducted with respect and skill.
Kangaroos are active at night.
Kangaroos are adept swimmers , and often flee into waterways if threatened by a predator.
Kangaroos are capable of jumps.
Kangaroos are capable of leaps.
Kangaroos are different.
Kangaroos are excellent swimmers .
Kangaroos are excellent swimmers.
Kangaroos are extremely social animals, and travel in groups.
Kangaroos are furry, pouched mammals, but raccoons are furry placental mammals.
Kangaroos are good swimmers.
Kangaroos are herbivores, meaning they eat only plant material.
Kangaroos are herbivorous so most of their diet composes of shrubs, leaves, grazing several grasses.
Kangaroos are highly adaptable to a dry, barren continent together with a flexible climate.
Kangaroos are interesting in lots of ways.
Kangaroos are lactose-intolerant.
Kangaroos are large fast animals.
Kangaroos are large marsupials that are found only in Australia.
Kangaroos are mammals, and they are also marsupials.
Kangaroos are mammals, so like all mammals the produce sexually.
Kangaroos are marsupials because they carry their young in a special pouch on their bodies.
Kangaroos are marsupials found only Australia and New Guinea.
Kangaroos are marsupials which imply that the females carry joeys in their pouch.
Kangaroos are marsupials, a type of mammal that gives birth to undeveloped young.
Kangaroos are marsupials, meaning the young crawl into a pouch after birth.
Kangaroos are marsupials.
Kangaroos are metric.
Kangaroos are native of Australia.
Kangaroos are native to Australia and the only ones found in New Zealand are in our zoos.
Kangaroos are native to Australia.
Kangaroos are native to the grasslands of Australia, the southern continent.
Kangaroos are quite well-known in fiction and folklore.
Kangaroos are red, gray, brown, and tan.
Kangaroos are shy herbivores, active at dawn and dusk.
Kangaroos are shy, mainly nocturnal animals, but some species are active at dawn and dusk.
Kangaroos are strong swimmers.
Kangaroos are terrestrial grazing animals that subsist mainly on vegetation.
Kangaroos are used for jumping.
Kangaroos are vertebrates and all vertebrates are multicellular.
Kangaroos belong to a group of marsupials known as macropods.
Kangaroos belong to the kingdom Animalia.
Kangaroos celebrate victory in their first Sydney home game.
Kangaroos come in more than one colour.
Kangaroos continue to be used as a resource but only under strict government controls.
Kangaroos desire jumps.
Kangaroos drink water.
Kangaroos eat berries.
Kangaroos eat diets.
Kangaroos eat food.
Kangaroos eat grass.
Kangaroos eat leaves.
Kangaroos eat plants.
Kangaroos eat vegetation.
Kangaroos emerge from their bush retreats to feed on grassy flats.
Kangaroos forage for food.
Kangaroos give birth to kangaroos.
Kangaroos has-part feet.
Kangaroos has-part stomachs.
Kangaroos has-part tails.
Kangaroos has-part tissue.
Kangaroos have (part) brains.
Kangaroos have (part) breasts.
Kangaroos have (part) cell membranes.
Kangaroos have (part) cells.
Kangaroos have (part) chest cavities.
Kangaroos have (part) chests.
Kangaroos have (part) corpi.
Kangaroos have (part) cytoplasm.
Kangaroos have (part) ears.
Kangaroos have (part) faces.
Kangaroos have (part) heads.
Kangaroos have (part) nuclei.
Kangaroos have (part) pedal extremities.
Kangaroos have (part) piluses.
Kangaroos have (part) plasma membranes.
Kangaroos have (part) rib cages.
Kangaroos have (part) sections.
Kangaroos have (part) skulls.
Kangaroos have (part) sterna.
Kangaroos have (part) vacuoles.
Kangaroos have (part) vertebrate feet.
Kangaroos have average lifespans.
Kangaroos have behaviour.
Kangaroos have big ears that swivel about on a deerlike head.
Kangaroos have breed strategies.
Kangaroos have chamber stomachs.
Kangaroos have coarse, thick, wooly hair that can be red, grey, or brown in color.
Kangaroos have diets.
Kangaroos have few enemies besides human beings and wild dogs called dingoes.
Kangaroos have few natural predators.
Kangaroos have forward opening pouches.
Kangaroos have four such pairs of chewing teeth.Grasslands are wide, open areas.
Kangaroos have fur for a coating.
Kangaroos have good eyesight but only respond to moving objects.
Kangaroos have heads.
Kangaroos have hind legs.
Kangaroos have large back legs that they use to make long hops.
Kangaroos have large hind legs.
Kangaroos have large, powerful hind legs and small front legs.
Kangaroos have legs.
Kangaroos have lifespans.
Kangaroos have long tails.
Kangaroos have long tails.
Kangaroos have long, strong hind legs and short, weaker forelimbs.
Kangaroos have pouches.
Kangaroos have pouchs.
Kangaroos have prehensile tails.
Kangaroos have ruminant stomachs.
Kangaroos have short fur which varies in colour from orange-brown, to grey to dark brown.
Kangaroos have stomachs.
Kangaroos have strategies.
Kangaroos have strong legs.
Kangaroos have tails.
Kangaroos have two long, soft feet.
Kangaroos have two reproductive tracts, which lead into two separate wombs.
Kangaroos have very good eyesight but only when an object is moving.
Kangaroos have very long and powerful hind legs and feet for hopping and leaping.
Kangaroos have very small almost non-existence vocal chords.
Kangaroos inhabit areas.
Kangaroos keep cool by licking their forearms.
Kangaroos kick opponents.
Kangaroos lift eyelids.
Kangaroos lift lazy eyelids.
Kangaroos live almost entirely on herbage or plants.
Kangaroos live and move around in small social groups called 'mobs' or 'troops'.
Kangaroos live here because they have places to play.
Kangaroos live in areas.
Kangaroos live in Australia and the neighboring islands.
Kangaroos live in Australia, Tasmania, and surrounding islands.
Kangaroos live in Australia.
Kangaroos live in grassland.
Kangaroos live in habitats.
Kangaroos live in many different places in the world.
Kangaroos live in mobs.
Kangaroos live in open grassland.
Kangaroos live in varied habitats, from forests and woodland areas to grassy plains and savannas .
Kangaroos live in varying and diverse climates across Australia and Papua New Guinea.
Kangaroos live on grassland.
Kangaroos live on ground.
Kangaroos live together in small groups called mobs.
Kangaroos look for food.
Kangaroos move hind limbs.
Kangaroos move legs.
Kangaroos move limbs.
Kangaroos occupy habitats.
Kangaroos occur in areas.
Kangaroos possess fur.
Kangaroos possess pouches.
Kangaroos prefer grassland.
Kangaroos prefer open grassland.
Kangaroos receive food.
Kangaroos require food.
Kangaroos seek food.
Kangaroos share habitats.
Kangaroos show distinctive features.
Kangaroos show features.
Kangaroos stand on grassland.
Kangaroos stand on legs.
Kangaroos stay in pouches.
Kangaroos survive on grass.
Kangaroos swallow the food without chewing it.
Kangaroos take off and land on their hind feet.
Kangaroos thrive in habitats.
Kangaroos thump their hind legs to warn others of danger.
Kangaroos use muscles.
Kangaroos use tails.
Kangaroos vary enormously in size.
Kangaroos often live in 'mobs,' and tend to be social animals with a social hierarchy.
All kangaroos can swim, despite their apparently awkward shape.
All kangaroos have a chambered stomach similar to cattle and sheep.
All kangaroos have soft woolly fur and sharp nails on both their front and hind legs.
Many kangaroos are nocturnal.
Most kangaroos are herbivores, primarily eating grass and other vegetation.
Most kangaroos eat diets.
Most kangaroos eat food.
Most kangaroos eat grass.
Most kangaroos eat vegetation.
Most kangaroos give birth to kangaroos.
Most kangaroos has-part feet.
Most kangaroos has-part stomachs.
Most kangaroos has-part tails.
Most kangaroos has-part tissue.
Most kangaroos have average lifespans.
Most kangaroos have behaviour.
Most kangaroos have chamber stomachs.
Most kangaroos have diets.
Most kangaroos have heads.
Most kangaroos have large hind legs.
Most kangaroos have legs.
Most kangaroos have lifespans.
Most kangaroos have long tails.
Most kangaroos have no set breeding cycle and are able to breed all year round.
Most kangaroos have pouches.
Most kangaroos have prehensile tails.
Most kangaroos have ruminant stomachs.
Most kangaroos have short brown or gray fur.
Most kangaroos have strategies.
Most kangaroos have strong legs.
Most kangaroos have tails.
Most kangaroos move hind limbs.
Most kangaroos occur in areas.
Most kangaroos prefer open grassland.
Most kangaroos receive food.
Most kangaroos require food.
Most kangaroos seek food.
Most kangaroos show distinctive features.
Most kangaroos stand on legs.
Most kangaroos survive on grass.
Some kangaroos are killed by hunters.
Some kangaroos are located at zoos.
Some kangaroos belong to mobs.
Some kangaroos eat corn.
Some kangaroos eat insects.
Some kangaroos eat seeds.
Some kangaroos eat trees.
Some kangaroos has-part hips.
Some kangaroos have enemies.
Some kangaroos have particular breed seasons.
Some kangaroos have power.
Some kangaroos have predators.
Some kangaroos have ranges.
Some kangaroos have seasons.
Some kangaroos have supernatural power.
Some kangaroos kill deer.
Some kangaroos live in districts.
Some kangaroos live in environments.
Some kangaroos live in groups.
Some kangaroos live in pouches.
Some kangaroos live in worlds.
Some kangaroos live in zoos.
Some kangaroos possess babies.
Some kangaroos provide meat.
Some kangaroos reside in zoos.
Some kangaroos stand on Australia.
Some kangaroos stand on roads.
Some kangaroos vary in depth.
Kanji selection works in a similar way to radical selection, described below.
Kansai people value individuality, seek variety and generally accept outside influences.
Kansai region is the old political center of Japan.
Kansas is part of America.
Kansas isa thing.
Kantian ethics work best when they involve language and speech.
Kantian synthesis is, indeed, the act by which a conscious observer experiences the world.
Kanuka oil is very soothing to the skin.
Kaolin clay exists in considerable amounts and has proven to be a valuable resource.
Kaolin clay is sold in bulk form for many uses such as papermaking and pottery.
Kaolin clays contribute desirable properties to plastics, polymers and other specialties.
A kaolin is clay
Kaolin also seems to prevent the weevil from feeding on citrus leaves.
Kaolin can cause anemia, severe liver and kidney damage as well as constipation.
Kaolin is a fine white clay used to create porcelain.
Kaolin is a natural component of the soil and occurs widely in ambient air.
Kaolin is a pure white clay that forms when the mineral feldspar breaks down.
Kaolin is a stable material under ordinary conditions.
Kaolin is an industrial mineral that is used mainly in the paper industry.
Kaolin is mined in parts of the study area.
Kaolin is one of the more highly prized of the industrial mineral clays.
Kaolin is pure clay mineral.
Kaolin is pure, fine white powdered clay that is great for oily skins.
Kaolin is the clay of choice for any clay body which needs to be clean and white.
Kaolin is the fine clay used for the production of porcelain and china.
Kaolin is the major primary clay which is used in ceramics.
Kaolin is the white clay-like mineral used for ceramics and refractories.
Kaolin is used as a high temperature bonding agent in ceramics as well as a constituent in coatings.
Kaolin is used in a variety of products, including paper, ceramics, paint and rubber.
Kaolin is used to give paper a glossy coating and for filling paper.
Kaolin is used to make porcelain paste.
Kaolin is well hydrated and has a much higher percentage of alumina than does red clay.
Kaolin produces a specific pneumoconiosis, known as kaolinosis.
Kaolins are clay.
Kaolinite clay is composed of one tetrahedral layer and one octrahedral layer.
Kaolinite mineral has a much larger particle size than ball clay and bentonite type materials.
Kaolinite isa mineral.
Many KAOS members are active performers.
KAOS training starts with a series of three classes.
Kaplan employees dress in business casual clothes every day.
Kaplan materials are also available without taking the course.
Kaplan notes are good, as is First aid.
Kaplan students get into one of their top choice colleges.
Kaplan students get into one of their top choices for college.
Kaplan students get into one of their top college choices.
Kapok trees are keystone species in many rain forest ecosystems.
Kapok trees are very tall in the rain forest.
Kapok trees grow in tropical rainforests.
A kapok is a tree
Kapok is a fluffy fiber from the seed pod of the rainforest kapok tree.
Kapok is a natural fiber similar to cotton which is grown in a pod.
Kapok is lighter and easier to carry, and gives firm, buoyant support.
Kappa Delta encourages scholastics, campus and community involvement, and leadership.
Kappa Delta is a common bond among a diverse group of people where great friendships grow.
Kappa Delta is a diverse group of women striving to create a better Kappa Delta.
Kappa Delta is diverse.
Kappa Delta is friends.
Kappa Delta is the definition of true sisterhood.
Kappa Delta is very special.
Kappa Delta leads women's soccer with the same record.
Kappa Delta seeks the best character, ideals, and ability.
Kappa Delta strives on sisterhood and friendship.
All Kappa Delta alumnae welcome.
A kappa is a letter
Kappa are mythical creatures that live in rivers.
Karakuls are medium-size sheep.
Karaoke bars are a very popular form of entertainment in Japan.
Karaoke bars are also a very popular form of entertainment.
Karaoke boxes are small rooms with karaoke machines.
Karaoke contests are a favorite of our customers.
Karaoke contests work well for bringing in the crowds that bar owners want.
Karaoke entertainment provide opportunities to mingle.
Karaoke lounges have the usual bar, video screen and couches.
Karaoke rentals are also available for the home or parties.
Karaoke rooms are also available.
Karaoke singers read lyrics from computer monitor while they're singing.
Karaoke star look alike evenings, for instance.
A karaoke is musical performance
A karaoke is vocal music
Karaokes are also available for the avid entourage of singers.
A karat is an unit
Karats refer to the fractional parts of pure gold in the total alloy.
Karate spirit represents courtesy, self-discipline, respect for superiors and friendship.
Karate students become leaders and role models in their peer groups.
Karate training brings out the best capabilities of the students commensurate with their abilities.
Karate training helps the body create a strong delivery system by maintaining fitness.
Karate training increases mental focus and assists in health and stress management.
Karate training involves little instruction in philosophy.
Karate training is for everyone - male or female, adult or junior.
Karate training is like a light revealing the true path for our lives.
Karate training is much more personal and involved than academic training.
Karate training meets almost all the principles required by sports physiologists.
Karate training requires a long term commitment to excel.
Karate isa protection.
Karelian language is one of the smallest languages spoken in Russia.
Karelian officials don t have any sence of international market trends.
KARL funding comes entirely from private sources.
All karma software contains a legal disclaimer based on the gnu licence.
Karma yoga is concerned with selfless work and good deeds.
Karma yoga is the path of action.
Karma yoga is the yoga of service.
Karma yoga is unconditional and without expectation.
Karma yoga makes it possible for anyone to seek moksha and still perform one's dharma.
Karma yoga relates to an attitude of service to others.
A karma is fate
Karma creates nothing, nor does it design.
Karmas are destiny.
All karma have to burn out.
All karma is impermanent and runs out in due course.
All karma is up for cleansing.
Some karmas are like a golden chain.
Karmic body is a ruler of our ego.
Karmic body rules all functions of a cosmic organism.
Karmic causes are the most common.
Karmic diseases require atonement or some qualitative change from within.
Karmic energy is unbiased, it is like energy of gravity.
Karmic inflow is of two types, viz.
Karmic justice is alive and well.
Most karmic reactions come from the individuals own deep memory.
Karmic relationships are unpleasant, debilitating and repetitive.
Karmic relationships can be both good and bad news.
Karmic relationships exist to teach a lesson against.
Karnal bunt affects common wheat to a lesser degree than durum wheat, triticale and related species.
Karnal bunt disrupts wheat marketing .
Karnal bunt has minimal effect on quality and yield of wheat.
Karnal bunt has several effects on wheat.
Karnal bunt infected heads, on the other hand, can be very difficult to detect.
Karnal bunt is a disease of wheat, durum wheat, and triticale, a hybrid of wheat and rye.
Karnal bunt is a fungal disease of wheat that is spread by planting infected seeds.
Karnal bunt is a fungal disease of wheat that is spread through the planting of infected seed.
Karnal bunt is a fungal disease of wheat, which can affect the amount and quality of grain produced.
Karnal bunt is a fungal disease of wheats, triticales and rye.
Karnal bunt is caused by the smut fungus Tilletia indica and is spread by spores.
Karnal bunt is difficult to detect in the field.
Karnal bunt reduces flour quality.
Karst land is susceptible to sinkholes, water contamination, and damage from earth hazards.
Many karst regions display distinctive surface features, with sinkholes being the most common.
Karstic areas have few streams.
A karyotype is a composition
Karyotype isa makeup.
Karyotypes are commonly complex.
Karyotypes are constitutions.
Karyotypes can also reveal the gender of a person.
Karyotypes Can count number of chromosome in metaphase cell.
Karyotypes only give information about the chromosomes in an individual.
Karyotypes shows chromosomes paired according to size, shape, and appearance in metaphase.
All karyotypes show the Philadelphia chromosome.
Some karyotypes provide information.
Some karyotypes provide more information.
Karyotypic analyses involve nondifferentially stained and banded metaphase chromosomes.
Karyotyping results are normal.
Most kas commands require that the issuer be privileged.
A kasbah is a quarter
Kasbah allows users to create agents that buy and sell goods on behalf of the user.
Kasbah is a database of hand-picked Web sites on just about any place in the world.
Kasbah is an an on-line multiagent classified ad system.
Kasbah is the best Moroccan restaurant in the Bay Area.
Kasbah is the Internet travel guide and search engine.
Kasbah is the only destination specific search engine on the internet.
Kasbah is uphill.
Kasbahs are quarters.
A kasha is a hot cereal
Kasha boasts a wonderfully nutty flavor when toasted.
Kasha can serve as a wonderful medicine to people with digestion problems.
Kasha is another grain that can serve as a rice replacement.
Kasha is another grain which can serve as a rice replacement.
Kasha is cracked buckwheat.
Kasha is low in fat and sodium and high in potassium, phosphorus and fiber.
Kasha is made from buckwheat and can be used in pilafs, burgers, or mixed in casseroles.
Kasha is particularly common, especially for children.
Kasha is poised to leave home in the painting.
Kasha is quite fearful of driving in a large city.
Kasha is the assistant marketing director at a Cleveland-area hospital.
Kasha is the best thing for women who want to be in good shape or who is on a diet.
Kasha is the hulled, crushed kernels of buckwheat.
Kaspian Beach is just beyond and offers swimming and picnicking.
A kat is a stimulant
KATs are generally also KBMSs.
Kats sit in fifth place after the first round of the confernce golf tournament.
Katabatic wind is blowing.
Katabatic wind is wind
Katabatic wind is wind.
Katabatic winds are a characteristic feature.
Katabatic winds are cold and dense air pulled downhill by gravity.
Katabatic winds begin as inversion winds.
Katabatic winds originate in the interior of the continent.
Katate tori ryotemochi kotegaeshi.
Katoikogenic embryos are nourished via a specialized oral feeding apparatus that develops early.
Some katydid species supplement abbreviated songs with tremulations in order to avoid bat predation.
A katydid is a grasshopper
Katydid isa grasshopper.
Katydids also have good hearing.
Katydids also make noise while sitting in trees, but at night.
Katydids are a beautiful butterfly-like creature.
Katydids are a primary food source in the rain forest.
Katydids are an important part of the Amazonian rainforest community.
Katydids are common in the E United States and are also found in the tropics.
Katydids are common in the eastern United States and are also found in the tropics.
Katydids are generally herbivores , feeding on leaves, flowers, bark, seeds, and fruit.
Katydids are green and occasionally pink and can grow up to five inches in length.
Katydids are insects that are closely related to crickets and grasshoppers.
Katydids are known for feeding on garden leaves and fruit.
Katydids are medium-sized to large insects.
Katydids are native to the United States from the East Coast to Nebraska.
Katydids are now very active in our landscapes.
Katydids are related to crickets and grasshoppers, with large back legs for jumping.
Katydids are relatives of grasshoppers and crickets.
Katydids are tree-living insects that are most commonly heard at night during summer and early fall.
Katydids are usually green and are well camouflaged on the plant.
Katydids are widespread, occurring in every region of the world with the exception of Antarctica .
Katydids can fly for short distances, but they prefer to walk and climb.
Katydids can grow to over two inches long and sometimes resemble leaves.
Katydids can see fairly well, but have poor night vision.
Katydids consume fruit.
Katydids die after mating and laying eggs, their purpose fulfilled.
Katydids do have wings.
Katydids eat flowers.
Katydids eat leaves.
Katydids eat the leaves of many trees and shrubs.
Katydids feed chiefly on plant matter, though some species are predatory, feeding on other insects.
Katydids feed on leaves, stems, flowers, fruit and a variety of plant seeds.
Katydids feed on pollen and nectar, vegetation, insects and invertebrates.
Katydids feed on the foliage of citrus trees during the mid to late morning.
Katydids fold wings.
Katydids have (part) air sacs.
Katydids have (part) brains.
Katydids have (part) carapaces.
Katydids have (part) cell membranes.
Katydids have (part) cells.
Katydids have (part) corpi.
Katydids have (part) cytoplasm.
Katydids have (part) ears.
Katydids have (part) faces.
Katydids have (part) flight feathers.
Katydids have (part) heads.
Katydids have (part) nuclei.
Katydids have (part) plasma membranes.
Katydids have (part) quill feathers.
Katydids have (part) sections.
Katydids have (part) shells.
Katydids have (part) skulls.
Katydids have (part) thoraxes.
Katydids have (part) vacuoles.
Katydids have a lifespan of about a year or less.
Katydids have camouflage to look like leaves.
Katydids have no other direct effects on humans.
Katydids have sharp spikes.
Katydids have spikes.
Katydids hear each other with ears on their front legs.
Katydids inhabit areas.
Katydids inhabit countries.
Katydids listen with twice as many eardrums as humans, located out on the front legs.
Katydids live everywhere.
Katydids live in arid climates.
Katydids live in climates.
Katydids look similar to grasshoppers, but their bodies are shorter and antennae longer.
Katydids make sound.
Katydids mate during the late summer months and sometimes into early fall.
Katydids play a very important role in nature's web of life.
Katydids resemble a leaf and easily hide within the upper crown of a hardwood tree.
Katydids spend three to four months as nymphs.
Most katydids are generally green, but brown, white, and even pink varieties have been found.
Most katydids are green and have long wings.
Most katydids are omnivorous, feeding on vegetation, seeds, carrion and occasional prey.
Most katydids consume fruit.
Most katydids do have wings.
Most katydids eat flowers.
Most katydids eat leaves.
Most katydids fold wings.
Most katydids have sharp spikes.
Most katydids have spikes.
Most katydids inhabit areas.
Most katydids inhabit countries.
Most katydids live in arid climates.
Most katydids live in climates.
Most katydids make sound.
Some katydids have cones.
Some katydids have problems.
Some katydids have wings.
Some katydids look like dead leaves.
Some katydids look like leaves.
Some katydids make noise.
Some katydids serve functions.
Some katydids use strategies.
A kava is alcohol
Most kava is native to stream beds in warm climates like that of Hawaii.
A kavakava is alcohol
Kavakava is a depressant.
Kawasaki parents keep asking how their experiences stack up against others in the network.
Some kayak anglers use rod holders that swivel to allow trolling.
Kayak diving is better.
All kayak equipment is provided.
Kayak fishing is a great way for anglers to enjoy spectacular fishing.
Kayak paddles have two blades, canoe paddles have one.
Kayak racing is power, focus, skill, control, and attitude all rolled up into one.
Kayak sailing is primarily a downwind experience.
A kayak is a canoe
Kayak en r o en SMAndes.
Kayak exhibit showing kayak frame and hunting accessories.
Kayak isa canoe.
Kayak surfing in our kayaks is even easier than boogie boarding.
Kayak tours on Orcas Island's beautiful west side.
Kayak tours with an ecological emphasis.
Kayaks are boats.
Kayaks are canoes.
Kayaks are personal computers.
Kayaks are products.
Kayaks are vehicles.
Kayaks have (part) anchors.
Kayaks have (part) bases.
Kayaks have (part) hulls.
Kayaks have (part) ribs.
Kayaks have (part) rider plates.
Kayaks have (part) rudder blades.
Kayaks have (part) sections.
All kayaks are expedition-equipped with bulkheads, and most with rudders.
All kayaks are strong lightweight easy to paddle and stable in all conditions.
All kayaks come complete with safety grab lines, cargo straps and three storage hatches.
All kayaks have comfortable, supportive back rests.
Many kayaks flip here.
Many kayaks have a shallow V hull with slightly flared sides.
Many kayaks integrate a round or oval rubber type hatch system in the forward deck.
Most kayaks have a flatter and rounder bottom than Greenland kayaks.
Most kayaks have flexible back rests to prevent back injuries.
Some kayaks always come with a rudder.
Some kayaks are very good at many tasks, others do only one well.
Some kayaks can never have a rudder.
Some kayaks even come with a brief instructional section in the owner's manual.
Kayakings are paddlings.
Kayakings are water sports.
Kazakhstan children are very beautiful with light to medium skin, Asian eyes and soft, dark hair.
Many Kazakhstan natives are contributers.
Kazakhstan isa thing.
A kazoo is wind
Kazoo figures prominently in jugband music, then and now.
Kazoo isa device.
Kazoos are the perfect instrument for everyone.
Kazoos have (part) sections.
A kb is an unit
KB Creates tab bitmaps.
KCLN libraries are typically smaller hospital libraries.
A kea is a parrot
Keas also feed on fruit and leaves, and scavenge on trash heaps.
Keas are birds.
Keas are generalist feeders consuming everything from nectar and plant buds to insects and carrion.
Keas are intelligent, social, highly inquisitive birds.
Keas are large alpine parrots that live a life of mischief.
Keas are parrots.
Keas are renown for their inquisitive nature and comic antics.
Keas are warm blooded animals.
Keas eat flesh and bone marrow from carcasses.
Keas have a clutch of two to four eggs, and incubate the eggs for three to four weeks.
Keatonian comedy includes areas of human experience from which other filmmakers shrink.
A kebab is a dish
Kebab isa nourishment.
Kebab isa sustenance.
Kebabs are a great way to serve something for everyone.
Kebabs are also very popular, imported from the Arab cuisine but adapted to the local raw materials.
Kebabs are always a hit.
Kebabs are cheap.
Kebabs are food.
Kebabs are widely available.
Kebabs come with rice, grilled tomato and pepper, an herb-heavy cabbage salad and pita bread.
Kebabs have (part) sauces.
Kebabs have (part) sections.
Kebabs make great appetizers or even desserts.
Keefe coffee turns out to taste just as bad as chow-hall coffee.
Keegan statement stirs flap over Prop.
A keel is a projection
Keel assists with on-field coaching, physical conditioning and coaches first base during games.
Keels also provide additional protection against abrasions to the bottom of the canoe.
Keels are beams.
Keels are compact, with solid-steel ballast weight.
Keels are external lead antimony casting, held in place by embedded stainless steel bolts.
Keels are often a major hurdle for an amateur boat builder.
Keels are part of hulls.
Keels are projections.
A keelboat is a river boat
Keelboats have a haevy concentration of weight, usually lead, in their keels.
Keen anglers can also indulge in fishing.
Keen competition is observed in the decoration of the veemanas.
Keen competition prevails for both salaried and free-lance work.
Keen ears listen for the slightest sound.
Keen eyesight allows early detection for flights to safety.
Keen eyesight is an adaptation that helps eagles and other hunting birds locate their prey .
Keen eyesight is complemented by two sensitive odour-detecting antennae.
Keen eyesight is needed for some of the text.
Keen eyesight lets a flycatcher spot insects and judge distances accurately.
Keen eyesights help predators.
Keen eyesights play major roles.
Keen eyesights play roles.
Most keen eyesights help predators.
Most keen eyesights play major roles.
Most keen eyesights play roles.
Some keen fishermen get ideas.
Keen insight is next after that.
Keen observation coupled with a vivid imagination indicates the potential illustration student.
Keen observation is one of the innate skills of a good writer.
Keen observation is the key to culling the false anomalies from the seepage anomalies.
Keen observation is the teacher s main tool.
Keen perception is hard to train, but easy to spot.
Keen rivalry exists among the societies.
Keen senses help prey.
Most keen senses help prey.
Keen tools make easy work of most chores.
Keen walkers climb all three in the same day.
Keep bees have experience.
A keep is a resource
Keeps accounts, deposits funds, issues checks, and prepares the annual financial reports.
Keeps are castles.
Keeps are part of castles.
Keeps are well fortified with only one entrance and can be over run.
Keeps arrows straight in target.
Keeps bait and catch dry.
Keeps beverages hot or cold.
Keeps bugs at least ten feet away.
Keeps bugs away naturally.
Keeps bugs off little ones too.
Keeps cables safe and out of sight.
Keeps call at the palm of hand at all times.
Keeps caps neat and clean for travel.
Keeps cool longer, stores gear.
Keeps copy of constitution and bylaws, with amendments properly entered.
Keeps copy of payment list.
Keeps cows from getting stuck in the mud and helps water quality.
Keeps daily log reports of productions problems.
Keeps dentures extra fresh and clean.
Keeps dogs busy and content.
Keeps door up and out of the way, leaving both hands free while inside the cage.
Keeps drain lines open, thus reducing malodors generated by rancid material.
Keeps feed consumption, growth, and related records.
Keeps feed free of mice and rats.
Keeps focus for crewmembers with individual crew management problems.
Keeps forestay away from spreaders and mast when stored.
Keeps handle away from walls to avoid damage.
Keeps heat in and allows rain to run off.
Keeps heat in and keeps debris out.
Keeps heat in and moisture, drafts, and pest out.
Keeps helmet safe and clean, spray can ready for use, and machine handle free to move around.
Keeps ink from crawling.
Keeps intact the rural electric co-op's mandate to maintain electric service in rural areas.
Keeps kicks low for safety.
Keeps learning process manageable for teacher and student.
Keeps limbs out of the way of vehicles and creates thick growth of the hedges.
Keeps log file of user violations.
Keeps log of all activity, including use of specific words or phrases.
Keeps log of daily activities.
Keeps log of false alarms on a weekly basis and bills customers for false alarms.
Keeps log of recycling centers that handle a variety of materials.
Keeps log of sales contacts, potential customers, and other marketing activities.
Keeps logs and records of all types of airport operations.
Keeps logs up to date and always available for inspection.
Keeps moisture out to keep food nice and crunchy.
Keeps notes on group processing and social skills.
Keeps offset press duplicator in working order, making necessary repairs and adjustments.
Keeps pedigree, vaccination and calf records.
Keeps pets away from certain areas with a harmless water spray.
Keeps pets off furniture, plants, kitchens or dangerous areas.
Keeps pillows clean and fresh, and renews older pillows.
Keeps pins handy for every sewing project.
Keeps plate from lifting even on the hardest toe side maneuvers.
Keeps produce fresher longer.
Keeps rainin' all the time.
Keeps records current.
Keeps records on Reading Recovery teachers and guides record keeping on children.
Keeps records on Reading Recovery teachers and guides recordkeeping on children.
Keeps records pertinent to moving and storage operations.
Keeps records together that pretain to the same individual or project.
Keeps reward from getting to infinity.
Keeps rug firmly on floor and stops liquid from leaching through to floor.
Keeps saddle clean and protected.
Keeps sand out of eyes, hair and nose.
Keeps score and immediately gives correct answer to missed questions.
Keeps score and shows percentage at end of quiz.
Keeps score and shows percentage right when over.
Keeps score on screen.
Keeps shine on floors.
Keeps showroom clean, including counters, displays, mirrors, shower doors, etc.
Keeps smoke from floating away.
Keeps smoke, gases and water out.
Keeps soil loose and friable.
Keeps sperm from entering the woman's body.
Keeps sperm from entering vagina.
Keeps sperm out of the uterus.
Keeps spine straight.
Keeps stats on missing pages.
Keeps supervisor apprised of work status and coordinates adjustments to accommodate priorities.
Keeps supervisor informed of employees performance.
Keeps supervisor informed of time-sensitive and controversial issues.
Keeps track automatically of the length of every opened document or project.
Keeps verb tense consistent.
Keeps vinyl soft and supple.
Keeps weight off permanently without giving up favorite foods.
Keeps work diverse and interesting.
Keeps wrist in neutral position of a comfortable soft cushion.
A keeper is a guardian
Keeper isa defender.
Keeper isa guardian.
Keepers add a special vitamin food, which is eaten by the shrimp.
Keepers also offer fresh browse when available.
Keepers also seem to favor points.
Keepers also take the elephants out of the exhibit to walk around the zoo.
Keepers are defenders.
Keepers are on hand throughout the day to answer any questions.
Keepers are on hand to help small children have an opportunity to touch the animals.
Keepers are part investigator, scientist, lawyer, lobbyist and PR agent.
Keepers are plentiful and weakfish are spicing the catches.
Keepers are responsible to selection leaders or senior keepers who report to the head keeper.
Keepers believe the calf, as yet unnamed, is a male.
Keepers can move anywhere.
Keepers can only react to the situations they face.
Keepers can play the ball with their hands.
Keepers can throw ball to one another across the area to help create space for team in possession.
Keepers care for animals in zoos.
Keepers constantly maintains quality control and monitors customer satisfaction.
Keepers create and set out different enrichment items and toys daily for the animals.
Keepers determine protocols.
Keepers enjoy their inquisitive nature and love to show off their amazingly bright blue tongue.
Keepers explain the animal s behaviors, diet, mating styles and idiosyncrasies of their area.
Keepers feed animals.
Keepers feed turtles.
Keepers feed, water, groom, and exercise animals.
Keepers generally work outdoors in all kinds of weather.
Keepers have (part) arms.
Keepers have (part) body substances.
Keepers have (part) cell membranes.
Keepers have (part) cells.
Keepers have (part) corpi.
Keepers have (part) cytoplasm.
Keepers have (part) heads.
Keepers have (part) human bodies.
Keepers have (part) legs.
Keepers have (part) material bodies.
Keepers have (part) necks.
Keepers have (part) nuclei.
Keepers have (part) personality.
Keepers have (part) plasma membranes.
Keepers have (part) sections.
Keepers have (part) vacuoles.
Keepers have ideas.
Keepers have specific house and ground and lighthouse keeping duties.
Keepers identify individual tigers by the markings above their left eye.
Keepers is open to the general public.
Keepers keep bees.
Keepers look for patterns.
Keepers maintain sites.
Keepers monitor growth.
Keepers observe behavior.
Keepers prepare meals.
Keepers provide fresh cut vegetation as part of their daily diet.
Keepers provide minimum requirements.
Keepers provide requirements.
Keepers receive food.
Keepers recommend diets.
Keepers resemble stags, but with the upper body of night elves.
Keepers see results.
Keepers see similar results.
Keepers serve to their team when a shot is taken.
Keepers show how they care for animals at least twice daily.
Keepers specialize in care.
Keepers start hitting their peak in their early thirties.
Keepers take advantage.
Keepers wash each elephant's feet during their daily bath, checking for cracks and small rocks.
Keepers sometimes assist in research studies on their wards.
Every keeper is different and as such, has their own strengths.
Many keepers have to invest in a seperate freezer.
Many keepers make use of Brassicas with no ill effect.
Many keepers use hardware cloth with half inch openings.
Most keepers determine protocols.
Most keepers feed animals.
Most keepers feed turtles.
Most keepers have ideas.
Most keepers keep bees.
Most keepers maintain sites.
Most keepers monitor growth.
Most keepers observe behavior.
Most keepers prepare meals.
Most keepers provide minimum requirements.
Most keepers provide requirements.
Most keepers receive food.
Most keepers recommend diets.
Most keepers see results.
Most keepers see similar results.
Most keepers specialize in care.
Most keepers take advantage.
Some keepers also recommend sprinkling with vitamins designed for anoles.
Some keepers assess conditions.
Some keepers assess physical conditions.
Some keepers attach it to the side while others let it float in the water.
Some keepers consider plants.
Some keepers die at sanctuaries.
Some keepers die at wild sanctuaries.
Some keepers feed apes.
Some keepers feed bees.
Some keepers feed big cats.
Some keepers feed cattle.
Some keepers feed cockroaches.
Some keepers feed elephants.
Some keepers feed gorillas.
Some keepers feed rabbits.
Some keepers find boxes.
Some keepers focus care.
Some keepers get mites.
Some keepers have babies.
Some keepers have feet.
Some keepers have fit lids.
Some keepers have lids.
Some keepers have results.
Some keepers have shoots.
Some keepers have tight fit lids.
Some keepers have tight lids.
Some keepers keep cows.
Some keepers keep fowl.
Some keepers know breakfasts.
Some keepers live in environments.
Some keepers look for benefits.
Some keepers look for long term health benefits.
Some keepers look for term health benefits.
Some keepers observe mates.
Some keepers offer food.
Some keepers offer rewards.
Some keepers prefer plants.
Some keepers prepare nurseries.
Some keepers raise animals.
Some keepers raise tortoises.
Some keepers recommend dog food.
Some keepers recommend food.
Some keepers report mix results.
Some keepers report results.
Some keepers see development.
Some keepers see paws.
Some keepers suggest the terrarium be about twice as long as the adult on all planes.
Some keepers take care.
Some keepers take recommendations.
Some keepers transmit diseases.
Some keepers understand danger.
Some keepers use boiled or bottled water to prevent disease.
Some keepers use contact.
Some keepers use incubators.
Some keepers use reptile bark or aspen chips in their cages.
Some keepers use techniques.
Some keepers watch pups.
Some keepers work in cages.
Some keepers work with pachyderms.
Keeping are conformity.
Keeping are events.
Keeping are lodgings.
Keeping are raisings.
Keepsake card is available in English or Spanish.
A keepsake is an object
Keepsake Pillows Capture a special moment and turn it into a family keepsake with a home printer.
Keepsakes are available in a variety of designs.
Keepsakes are gifts.
Keepsakes are located in boxs.
Keepsakes are located in trunks.
Keepsakes are objects.
Keepsakes are our specialty, feel free to explore our online store.
Keepsakes come ready for personalization by the customer.
Keepsakes do that.
Some keepsakes have a rougher ride of it.
A keeshond is a dog
Keeshonds are dogs.
Keeshonds are quick learners and can be trained fairly easily with gentle and consistent methods.
Keeshonds love to show off and make fantastic show dogs wanting to please their owners all the time.
Keeshonds shed their dense undercoats each fall and spring.
Kefalonian wines are excellent and among the best in Greece.
A keg is a barrel
Kegs are also perfect for making homemade seltzer or soda .
Kegs are available.
Kegs are barrels.
Kegs are cans and create a social atmospher.
Kegs are empty and am resorting to buying beer.
Kegs are extremely hard to transport.
Kegs are heavy-duty designed for rough handling' commercial applications.
Kegs are more fun, and they're actually cheaper than buying cases.
Kegs can often become finicky to work on, especially inexpensive or used ones.
Kegs carry a connotation of excessiveness.
Kegs come complete with rechargable batteries and charger.
Kegs gain three-week extension.
Kegs require extra parts on hand to deal with routine wear and unforeseen equipment failures.
Kegs still contain soda syrups.
Kegal exercises are also helpful.
A keister is a body part
Keisters are about to be kicked.
A keloid is a scar
Keloids appear in the healing phase of a surgical or traumatic wound.
Keloids are a raised over-growth of healed scar tissue over a cut, injury, or surgery site.
Keloids are an excessive growth of scar tissue and harmless.
Keloids are benign collagenous tumors that arise from abnormally healing wounds.
Keloids are deficient in lymphatics and associated elastic fibers.
Keloids are devoid of hair and other adnexa.
Keloids are difficult to treat.
Keloids are more frequent in black people than in white people.
Keloids are more frequent in blacks.
Keloids are often hereditary and are more common in people that have a dark complexion.
Keloids are overgrowths of scar tissue that follow injuries.
Keloids are overgrowths of scar tissue that follow skin injuries.
Keloids are overgrowths of tissue that follow injuries.
Keloids are over-growths of wounds usually after surgery or trauma.
Keloids are scars that are raised and extend beyond the borders of a normal scar.
Keloids are scars that grow excessively.
Keloids are scars.
Keloids are shiny, hard, smooth, often dome-shaped, and slightly pink.
Keloids are tumor-like proliferations of scar tissue.
Keloids are usually just a cosmetic problem.
Keloids are very difficult to remove.
Keloids continue to be an unsolved problem in plastic surgery.
Keloids grow beyond the boundary of the original wound and can continue to grow indefinitely.
Keloids have a tendency to occur more frequently in dark skin people.
Keloids occur most often in heavily pigmented people and tend to get progressively worse.
Keloids occur when the body overreacts when forming a scar.
Keloids respond poorly to most treatment approaches.
Keloids seem to have genetic causes and are found primarily in people from African and Asian races.
Keloids tend to run in families.
Keloids often form after surgery at the site of the incision or puncture site.
Keloids often require no treatment.
Some keloids stop growing or even disappear by themselves.
Kelp bass are noted for their fighting qualities regardless of the type of bait or lure used.
Kelp beds are extremely complex and critical marine habitats.
Kelp beds are some of the most productive ecosystems on earth.
Kelp beds can impede special warfare and amphibious operations.
Kelp beds form a multistoried, complex environment.
Kelp beds have a complex vertical structure, like a forest.
Kelp beds lie just off the coast, which means romping grounds for sea otters.
Kelp beds provide a resting area for otters, gulls, herons, shorebirds, and waterfowl.
Kelp beds start shallow and it is quite a swim to deeper water, but it is well worth it.
Kelp forest are great for sheltering all sorts of marine life, fish, invertebrates seals and sharks.
Kelp forest help defend intertidal communities from the pounding surf.
Kelp forests are also highly prized for their beauty.
Kelp forests are among the most productive communities on Earth.
Kelp forests are among the most productive habitats in the ocean .
Kelp forests are large jumbles of seaweed, kelp and algae.
Kelp forests are subject to dynamic changes induced by herbivory.
Kelp forests are very productive and support areas of high plant biomass.
Kelp forests can be big or small.
Kelp forests draw their name from an analogy to forests on land .
Kelp forests draw their name from an analogy to forests on land.
Kelp forests help defend inter-tidal communities from the pounding surf.
Kelp forests provide food and habitat for many marine and terrestrial species.
Kelp forests provide food and shelter for an array of organisms.
Kelp forests soften the force of waves against the shoreline.
Kelp gulls live for years.
Kelp gulls return to colonies.
Most kelp gulls live for years.
Most kelp gulls return to colonies.
Some kelp gulls kill birds.
Kelp plants have roots.
Kelp absorbs green, blue and red light giving rise to the brown color.
Kelp accumulates high levels of plant growth hormones and nutrients.
Kelp are multicellular organisms that live in the ocean.
Kelp attracts many animals for a variety of reasons.
Kelp beds, in turn, provide habitat for fish and other invertebrate species.
Kelp beds, offshore islets, and log booms are favourite roosting sites.
Kelp can be one of several brown-colored seaweed species called Laminaria .
Kelp can be one of several brown-colored seaweed species called Laminaria.
Kelp can be thick.
Kelp comes in either a powder or granulated form.
Kelp comes in tablet form or can be made into a tea.
Kelp communities on the Pacific coast of North America are par- ticularly diverse.
Kelp contains alginic acid which can help protect the body against the effects of radiation.
Kelp contains all known natural organic minerals, trace elements and vitamins.
Kelp contains approximately thirty trace and major minerals.
Kelp contains calcium and magnesium , both needed for balance in building bones and calming nerves.
Kelp contains calcium and magnesium, both needed for balance in building bones and calming nerves.
Kelp contains compounds.
Kelp contains iodine.
Kelp contains large quantities of the natural growth hormones auxins, gibberellin and cytokinin.
Kelp contains lots of micronutrients and hormones that help plants prosper.
Kelp contains many nutrients, including potassium, that strengthens the urinary tract.
Kelp contains potassium.
Kelp contains radioactive iodine.
Kelp flies and other insects feed on the seaweed.
Kelp flies, wrack flies, rove beetles, tiger beetles, and dune beetles ream the beach foreshore.
Kelp forests and their inhabitants are a real commodity to our coastal waters.
Kelp forests dance and sway and ripple with every tiny movement of the water.
Kelp forests, in turn, serve as important nursery grounds for many types of fin fishes.
Kelp forests, submarine canyons, shipwrecks.
Kelp form the basis of entire ecosystems off the coast of California and in other cool waters.
Kelp forms dense underwater forests that create a habitat for many varieties of marine organisms.
Kelp grows from the low tide mark to depths of about one hundred feet in ocean waters.
Kelp grows from the tip by splitting of the terminal frond.
Kelp grows in clean water.
Kelp grows in cool shallow waters where it attaches to rocks and coral or sometimes floats freely.
Kelp grows in cool water.
Kelp grows in different environments.
Kelp grows in environments.
Kelp grows in pollute water.
Kelp grows in shallow water.
Kelp grows in the ocean where the water contains minerals in the same proportions as the human body.
Kelp grows in water.
Kelp grows mostly in shallow marine waters .
Kelp grows mostly in shallow marine waters.
Kelp grows on ropes.
Kelp grows quickly and the plants recover rapidly.
Kelp gulls , like most of their kind, are opportunists.
Kelp has (part) cell membranes.
Kelp has (part) cells.
Kelp has (part) corpi.
Kelp has (part) cytoplasm.
Kelp has (part) nuclei.
Kelp has (part) plasma membranes.
Kelp has (part) sections.
Kelp has (part) vacuoles.
Kelp helps control the thyroid and regulate the metabolism associated with proper food digestion.
Kelp helps in hydration.
Kelp helps keep the dog healthy.
Kelp helps to firm skin.
Kelp helps to promote good overall skin tone.
Kelp houses a variety of sea creatures including tiny barnicles and inch wide sea-anemonies.
Kelp improves soil fertility as nutrients and hormones are directly available to the plant.
Kelp is aquatic plants.
Kelp is brown algae
Kelp is brown algae.
Kelp is located in oceans.
Kelp is located in sea.
Kelp is located in water.
Kelp is seaweed.
Kelp isa alga.
Kelp isa algae.
Kelp plays an important role as food and habitat for fish and other forms .
Kelp plays an important role as food and habitat for fish and other forms.
Kelp promotes faster growth and germination.
Kelp Provides help in production of thyroid hormones.
Kelp requires nutrient rich water.
Kelp requires water.
Kelp snails, with their vivid red foot, live and feed on giant kelp.
Kelp stimulates beneficial soil bacteria that fix nitrogen and make it available to the plant.
Kelp supplies extra minerals such as selenium and iodine.
Kelps are giant seaweeds.
Kelps are large brown seaweed found in temperate oceans around the world.
Kelps are large, brown algae that grow along coasts around the world, especially in cooler regions.
Kelps are seaweeds that grow in particular shallow and nutrient-rich waters around the world.
Kelps vary widely in size and form.
Many kelp locate their meristem in the stipe.
Many kelps die back in the winter and grow again the following spring.
Most kelp contains compounds.
Most kelp contains iodine.
Most kelp contains potassium.
Most kelp contains radioactive iodine.
Most kelp grows in clean water.
Most kelp grows in cool water.
Most kelp grows in different environments.
Most kelp grows in environments.
Most kelp grows in pollute water.
Most kelp grows in shallow water.
Most kelp grows in water.
Most kelp grows on ropes.
Most kelp requires nutrient rich water.
Most kelp requires water.
Most kelps are found below the low tide level in temperate and subpolar latitudes.
Some kelp are shape shifters that can adapt the shape of their blades to local conditions.
Some kelp has a thick, tough stem that can be used as rope.
Some kelp has applications.
Some kelp has wide range applications.
Some kelp looks like trees.
Some kelp occurs in patches.
Some kelp provides food.
A kelpie is evil spirit
Kelpies are keen and active dogs, always ready to work.
Kelpies are keen, active, intelligent and biddable.
Kelpies have natural instincts for managing livestock.
Kelpies sometimes have a double coat , which sheds out in spring in temperate climates.
Kelps also help support adrenal function which helps in immune support.
Kelps are commonly the most conspicuous species below mean low water along exposed coasts.
Kelps are very rich in iodine.
Kelps can get very large.
Kelps grow extremely quickly under the right conditions.
Kelps grow throughout the cold temperate regions of the world.
Kelps have a heteromorphic alternation of generations life cycle.
A kelpy is evil spirit
Kelpies can muster thousands of sheep from pasture to pen to truck.
Kelsey creek runs through the camp ground.
Kelvin isa unit.
A ken is a knowing
Any ken can give a kengame, but it takes a real freecenow to casinos pee the keno games freeceno.
Most kenaf cultivars are short-day plants.
A kenaf is a hemp
Some kenaf also floats in drain pipes causing clogging.
Kendo training begins with learning basic footwork and swing.
All Kenic products list the toll free consumer phone line, web site address and email address.
All Kenic shampoos are natural formulations and they are detergent and soap free.
Kennametal carbide does the job with room to spar e.
Kennel accommodations are available for service animals.
Kennel accommodations are available.
Kennel attendants care for pets while their owners are working or traveling.
Some kennel attendants work in shelter.
Kennel clubs have a separate listing .
Some kennel clubs solve problems.
Kennel dogs receive less human attention and affection than household pets.
Kennel health needs as they pertain to dogs health.
Kennel licenses are also available.
Kennel management covers design, maintenance, sanitation, and the feeding of dogs.
Kennel operators are happy for the dogs to go to a home rather than be destroyed.
Kennel shipment is relatively inexpensive since they are normally handled as pet shipments.
Kennel space is very limited.
A kennel is shelter
Kennel isa artifact.
Kennel isa building.
Kennels are a growing popular service for vacationers.
Kennels are also available.
Kennels are available for that special hunting partner.
Kennels are available in Jackson.
Kennels are available in several towns surrounding the park.
Kennels are available locally.
Kennels are available near-by.
Kennels are available on a first come first serve basis.
Kennels are available on most vessels.
Kennels are available onsite for hunters who wish to work their own dogs.
Kennels are available.
Kennels are cleaned twice daily and disinfected.
Kennels are conduits.
Kennels are nearby for an additional cost.
Kennels are nearby.
Kennels are portable and are available . . .
Kennels are shelter.
Kennels are to the right at the bottom of driveway.
Kennels can be custom built to any size.
Kennels have (part) bases.
Kennels have (part) boilers.
Kennels have (part) ceilings.
Kennels have (part) courtyards.
Kennels have (part) doorknobs.
Kennels have (part) doorsteps.
Kennels have (part) elevator cars.
Kennels have (part) elevators.
Kennels have (part) floors.
Kennels have (part) foundation stones.
Kennels have (part) foyers.
Kennels have (part) hinges.
Kennels have (part) interior doors.
Kennels have (part) readsides.
Kennels have (part) roof peaks.
Kennels have (part) roofs.
Kennels have (part) room light.
Kennels have (part) sections.
Kennels have (part) staircases.
Kennels have (part) stairs.
Kennels have (part) storeys.
Kennels have (part) walls.
Kennels have (part) window frames.
Kennels have (part) windowpanes.
Kennels have (part) windows.
Kennels have to be cleaned daily and they have to get playtime and exercise.
Kennels select a country . .
Kennels usually use the stronger strength when a dog is checked out.
Every kennel is disinfected daily.
Many kennels have grooming available.
Many kennels require proof of vaccinations, so arrange needed vaccinations now.
Most kennels feed once or twice a day and pick up the food shortly after feeding.
Most kennels pay every two weeks or monthly.
Most kennels require dogs to be vaccinated against rabies, distemper and bordetella.
Most kennels require proof of current rabies and distemper vaccinations before accepting a pet.
Most kennels require that pets have current vaccinations.
Some kennels allow dogs to play together in supervised play groups.
Some kennels are large scale retailers who breed their own stock for retail sales.
Some kennels have few employees, so that each dog gets little attention.
Some kennels have holes where dogs have chewed through walls and floors.
Some kennels use automatic misters, others water buckets.
A kenning is an image
Kennings can have multiple levels.
A keno is a board game
Keno dynamites the mountain pass.
Kenonic professionals work closely with the client and vendors to achieve optimum integration.
KENS facility is a pulsed neutron source in Japan.
Kent isa thing.
Kentucky barns are so different from Wisconsin barns.
Kentucky bass are deep deep deep, sitting in the middle of cuts, coves and creeks.
Kentucky blue is drought-resistant and forms an attractive, thick carpet of dark blueish green.
Kentucky bluegrass cover to zero.
Kentucky bluegrass establishes more slowly, but once it is established it is very competitive.
Kentucky bluegrass grown in the shade is the most likely to be affected.
Kentucky bluegrass has a dark green color and grows in most soils with moderate amounts of water.
Kentucky bluegrass has the ability to replace prairie grasses that are shaded for half of the day.
Kentucky bluegrass is a common lawn and pasture grass.
Kentucky bluegrass is a cool season plant and tends to languish in hot weather.
Kentucky bluegrass is a great choice where it is adapted.
Kentucky bluegrass is a strongly rhizomatous, mat-forming, perennial grass.
Kentucky bluegrass is a true sod-forming grass because it spreads by underground stems.
Kentucky bluegrass is a turfgrass with a panicle-type seed head.
Kentucky bluegrass is adapted to a wide climatic region which includes arid states like Nebraska.
Kentucky bluegrass is adapted to a wide range of mineral and organic soils.
Kentucky bluegrass is attractive to wildlife.
Kentucky bluegrass is considered the most desirable species for a fine, high-maintenance lawn.
Kentucky bluegrass is dark green in color with medium-textured leaves.
Kentucky bluegrass is distinguished from Canada bluegrass by the shape of the stem.
Kentucky bluegrass is found scattered throughout the park.
Kentucky bluegrass is more resistant to winter desiccation and ice sheet injury.
Kentucky bluegrass is most productive in the spring or during periods of cool, moist weather.
Kentucky bluegrass is native to Europe, Eurasia, and possibly North America.
Kentucky bluegrass is slightly slower to establish than many other cool-season grasses.
Kentucky bluegrass is slow to establish by seed, and is also readily available as sod.
Kentucky bluegrass is still the preferred grass, but turf fescue is popular also.
Kentucky bluegrass is susceptible to diseases such as brown patch and melting out.
Kentucky bluegrass is the best adapted and most popular lawn grass in New York.
Kentucky bluegrass is the first grass to brown out in the summer and tall fescue is the last.
Kentucky bluegrass is the most common lawn grass.
Kentucky bluegrass is the most popular lawn grass in the United States.
Kentucky bluegrass is the most popular of the turf grasses in northern Nevada.
Kentucky bluegrass is the most widely used turfgrass in Michigan.
Kentucky bluegrass is the most widely used turfgrass species in Nebraska.
Kentucky bluegrass is the preferred grass for most homelawns in Indiana.
Kentucky bluegrass is the slowest.
Kentucky bluegrass is used extensively in waterways.
Kentucky bluegrass is very palatable to horses under most conditions.
Kentucky bluegrass is winter-hardy and capable of withstanding temperature and moisture extremes.
Kentucky bluegrass occurs over much of Europe and Asia, where it is believed native.
Kentucky bluegrass prefers full sun, although a few cultivars have tolerance to light shade.
Kentucky bluegrass requires a medium to high intensity of culture.
Kentucky bluegrass requires moist, well-drained, fertile soil.
Kentucky bluegrass spreads by rhizomes.
Kentucky bluegrass uses between four and six pounds of nitrogen per thousand square feet in a year.
Kentucky bluegrasses are bluegrasses.
Kentucky bluegrasses are dark green with medium-textured blades.
Kentucky bourbon is a popular alcoholic drink.
Kentucky coal is a natural resource used around the world.
Kentucky documents have no access point.
Kentucky employers invest significantly in creating and sustaining safe workplaces.
Kentucky fans are ticket predators.
Kentucky fans love their basketball.
Kentucky food is simple and hearty.
Most Kentucky fossils are of marine invertebrates.
Kentucky governor vetoes civil rights exemption for religious groups.
Kentucky law bans corporate contributions to political parties except their building funds.
Kentucky law makes no distinction between married and non-married parents of minor child.
Kentucky law recognizes several types of advance directives.
Kentucky law requires a fe for a search and copy or a search and no copy.
Kentucky law requires disclosure of such non-exempt information.
Kentucky law requires the jail to pay if a county prisoner is indigent.
Kentucky link looks good.
Kentucky links lead to other links that look good.
Kentucky lore has it that hemp seed is what made the canaries in the coal mines sing.
Kentucky marijuana is very prized, especially in the Northeast United States.
Kentucky observers are also impressed.
Kentucky reports are by county only.
Kentucky researchers are also involved in mapping the horse's genetic makeup.
Kentucky saddler see American saddle horse .
Kentucky sheriffs are the chief law enforcement officials of their respective counties.
Kentucky students produce complex poetry and essays as early as the fourth grade.
Kentucky summers are very hot and very humid.
Kentucky voters approve a lottery.
Kentucky voters approve constitutional amendment revamping court system.
Kentucky voters can find information on how to register to vote here .
Kentucky winters are cold and water pipes often freeze.
Kentucky workers are more productive.
Kentucky is part of America.
Kentucky isa thing.
Kenya is part of Africa.
Kenya isa thing.
Kenyan agriculture is dominated by tea, tobacco, and coffee.
Kenyan children know that a large fort exits in Mombasa.
Many Kenyan children are experts in inventing their own toys.
Kenyan coffee is very good and one of the main export products.
Kenyan coffees are a classic example of winy coffee flavor.
Kenyan coffees are generally very mellow and often have a citrus taste.
Kenyan coffees have smooth taste and light acidity.
Kenyan court stops two girls from undergoing female genital mutilation.
Kenyan farmers seem to apply sustainable management practices, including tree growing.
Kenyan government ends power rationing.
Kenyan journalists report a disturbing encounter with an apparently intoxicated police officer.
Kenyan law criminalizes thinking or imagining the president's death.
Kenyan music displays rhythmic intensity and precision.
Kenyan nurse learns the ins and outs of operating rooms Link to story.
Kenyan official hails Egypt s support of agricultural projects.
Kenyan opposition threatens counter-government, more tension.
Kenyan police say about five people have been detained.
Kenyan roads have an earned reputations for being particularly deadly at night respect it.
Kenyan women sew large shell discs on their clothing to indicate their unmarried status.
Keoladeo heronry is full of life, action and activity.
Keplerian elements are descriptive of the size, shape, and orientation of an orbital ellipse.
Keplerian telescopes have a long focal length objective and a shorter focal length eye-piece.
Kept player is out for the year.
Keratin pearls are ball-like structures made of flattened keratinized cells.
Keratin appears in the form of granules.
Keratin contains sulphur, which is released as the keratin ages, or begins to break down.
Keratin gives the skin considerable mechanical strength and flexibility.
Keratin hardens squamous epithelium.
Keratin has (part) atoms.
Keratin has (part) chemical chain.
Keratin has (part) chemical groups.
Keratin helps prevent split ends and panthenol smoothes the hair cuticle.
Keratin is a chief ingredient in horns, hoofs, feathers, hair, nails in other mammals.
Keratin is a fibrous protein barrier that serves as protection from the environment.
Keratin is a fibrous protein that also forms the substance of hair, horns and hoofs.
Keratin is a fibrous protein that makes the cells stiff and horny.
Keratin is a large, complicated molecule that makes cells stronger.
Keratin is a protective epidermal protein.
Keratin is a protein found in hair, fingernails and feathers.
Keratin is a protein in skin, hair, and nails.
Keratin is a protein nutrient found in the cells of our skin and nails.
Keratin is a protein that consists almost entirely of alpha helix.
Keratin is a protein that is also found in turtle shells, bird feathers and hair.
Keratin is a protein which is found in skin, hair, and nails.
Keratin is a protein, which is the main constituent of skin cells.
Keratin is a protein.
Keratin is a simple protein
Keratin is a strong protein that is specific to the skin, hair and nails .
Keratin is a substance similar to hair and fingernails but it lacks the outside cuticle.
Keratin is a tough protein that is also the main constituent of skin and hair.
Keratin is a tough, water-repellent protein.
Keratin is a tough, water-resistant protein found in skin, hair, and nails.
Keratin is a very strong and light material.
Keratin is also present in hair, hoofs, beaks, claws, and even armadillo shells.
Keratin is extra thick on the soles of the feet and the palms of the hands.
Keratin is polymers.
Keratin is proteins.
Keratin isa protein.
Keratins are filamentous proteins which are found in a number of tissues including the skin.
Keratins are proteins.
Keratins are tough and insoluble.
A keratinization is a biological process
Keratinization appears to be normal.
Keratinization contribute to the pale pink color with a bluish hue, indicating subtle vascularity.
Keratinization is a feature of squamous cell carcinomas.
Keratinization is one of the diagnostic features of squamous cell carcinoma.
Keratinization is the process by which keratin is produced and the stratum corneum is formed.
Keratinization is typical of epidermis.
Keratoconic corneas are very pliable, especially if the previous lens was flat.
Keratoconus frequently appears during puberty.
Keratoconus usually affects both eyes and requires careful contact lens management.
Some keratolytic agents are salicylic acid, urea, and propylene glycol.
Some keratolytic products contain salicylates.
A kerion is a roundworm
Kerions are an allergic reaction to the fungus.
Kern City is a retirement community and many residents are on limited and fixed incomes.
Kern County becomes part of Mexico.
Kern County continues to produce carrots year round.
Kern County has reason to be concerned.
Kern County has something for everyone.
Kern County has the highest first-year infant mortality rate in the state.
Kern County is first in the state in death among newborn babies during the first month of life.
Kern County is has long had one of the highest rates in the state when it comes to teen pregnancies.
Kern County is one of the most rapidly growing areas in the United States.
Kern County is rural and relatively poor.
Kern County is the third largest county in California.
Kern County needs to include a little thought process for all the monies that come into the offers.
Kern County operates a household hazardous waste collection and reuse facility.
Kern County owns the land and the fair people just rent it.
Kern County plays a critical role in satisfying the nation s energy needs.
Kern County ranks fourth in the state in low birth-weight babies.
Kern County ranks fourth in the state in the proportion of low birth-weight babies.
Kern County ranks seventh in the state in the proportion of births to adolescents.
Kern River owns and operates the meter station and interconnecting facilities.
Kernel headers are structures and constants needed for compiling most standard programs.
Kernel memory is unpageable.
Kernel mode allows full, unprotected access to the system.
Kernel mode results in faster performance at run time.
Kernel modules are probably the most misunderstood aspect of the Linux operating system.
Kernel modules can also import symbols from other kernel object files.
Kernel modules can also import symbols from other kernel object modules.
Kernel modules can register a new table, and ask for a packet to traverse a given table.
Kernel patches follow the same naming conventions as the kernel itself does.
Kernel services Provide low-level services to all other services and subsystems.
Kernel threads are visible to the kernel as well as to the threads library.
A kernel is content
Kernel are light colored and clean and are easily cracked form the paper-thin shells.
Kernel bloating There are always tradeoffs.
Kernel build successful.
Kernel comes from the same word as corn.
Kernel does initial checks.
Kernel freezes during the booting process.
Kernel has appearance of a pimple.
Kernel has to be recompiled.
Kernel has unsupported bootinfo version.
Kernel implements a single policy or pays overhead of managing multiple policies.
Kernel is large, light colored, and good tasting.
Kernel is only one of the major essential components.
Kernel is portable.
Kernel is relinked and a reboot required.
Kernel is responsible for creating, destroying and scheduling processes.
Kernel is used in gravel.
Kernel is used in stone and gravel.
Kernel is very plump.
Kernel isa plant part.
Kernel logging The lowest level of logging possible is at the kernel level.
Kernel means the processor has mechanically removed the hull.
Kernel now handles reiserfs log overflow error.
Kernel protects the languages and enforces the device drive to get the application's request done.
Kernel receives press association awards .
Kernel takes top honors .
Kernel Use a stable kernel, i.e. one with an even minor version number.
Kernel wins top design awards .
Kernels accumulate sugars until kernel black layer.
Kernels adhere to sides of shell and are difficult to separate.
Kernels appear pink but maintain plumpness and vitreousness.
Kernels are among the best flavored of all nuts with a characteristic buttery flavor.
Kernels are content.
Kernels are crisp or crunchy.
Kernels are dull white.
Kernels are generally near round to broad-conic in shape.
Kernels are generally spherical but vary in size and shape.
Kernels are grain.
Kernels are laxative stimulant, and sudorific.
Kernels are light pink to dark rose colored and pearly.
Kernels are medium long, slender and hard or flinty.
Kernels are pale to dark blue, used for grinding.
Kernels are part of operating systems.
Kernels are part of seeds.
Kernels are red, long, flattened, with a sharp tip and a narrow, shallow crease.
Kernels are short and almost spherical, unique among wheats, and thresh free.
Kernels are short, ovate and humped in shape.
Kernels are siblings housed on the same ear and so naturally have many different colors.
Kernels are small, flattened, have a very shallow, narrow crease, and a short brush.
Kernels are trendy in salads.
Kernels are very long, narrow, and hard.
Kernels are well developed and light colored.
Kernels are white in the milk stage, maturing to white, blue and red striped.
Kernels are white, swollen blisters full of clear fluid.
Kernels are yellow and contain white fluid, due to accumulating starch.
Kernels are yellow to orange.
Kernels are yellow, nonfluorescent, medium to large, and plump.
Kernels are yellow, white, red, and purple.
Kernels can be yellow, white, red or purple.
Kernels contain a very hard endosperm with only a small portion of soft starch.
Kernels contain moderate but varying levels of sugar, depending on variety.
Kernels first demonstrate yellow color.
Kernels have (part) sections.
Kernels have a smooth awn.
Kernels have a soft texture and crushed kernels produce floury particles.
Kernels have flavour.
Kernels have hard outer shells.
Kernels have hard shells.
Kernels have high test weight, groat percent, and whole oat protein.
Kernels have ingredients like protein, crude fibre, carbohydrate ash and oil.
Kernels have outer shells.
Kernels have shells.
Kernels look like almonds.
Kernels look like jewelry in bright, glowing colors, high in anti-oxidants.
Kernels now begin to show a yellowish color on the outside.
Kernels show clear evidence of growth in the germ area.
Kernels try to implement only a minimal set of abstractions on which OSs can be built flexibly.
Kernels turn dark blue-black when mature.
Kernels vary in color from light oyster to dark brown, but yield sweet white snacks when popped.
Kernels vary in color from yellow, red, orange, black and bronze.
Most kernels are yellow or white.
Most kernels coming out of the box already have ppp support enabled by default.
Most kernels have flavour.
Most kernels have hard outer shells.
Most kernels have hard shells.
Most kernels have outer shells.
Most kernels have shells.
Most kernels look like almonds.
Some kernels are part of almonds.
Some kernels are part of beeches.
Some kernels are part of brazils.
Some kernels are part of cashews.
Some kernels are part of chestnuts.
Some kernels are part of cobs.
Some kernels are part of cocos.
Some kernels are part of conkers.
Some kernels are part of grain.
Some kernels are part of nuts.
Some kernels are part of peanuts.
Some kernels are part of pistachios.
Some kernels are part of pumpkins.
Some kernels are part of rapeseeds.
Some kernels are part of seeds.
Some kernels are part of soy.
Some kernels are part of soyas.
Some kernels are part of soybeans.
Some kernels are part of walnuts.
Some kernels are part of wheat.
Some kernels become plants.
Some kernels come from oil palm trees.
Some kernels come from trees.
Some kernels contain water.
Some kernels experience modems hanging up after a couple of seconds.
Some kernels grow embryos.
Some kernels grow plant embryos.
Some kernels have appearances.
Some kernels have effects.
Some kernels have fluid.
Some kernels have grooves.
Some kernels use semaphores to synchronize activities.
A kerosene heater is a heater
Most kerosene heaters get hot enough on top to cook food.
Kerosene isa fuel.
Kerosene isa hydrocarbon.
Kerrawa beach has a fantastic small village feel.
A kestrel is a falcon
Kestrel has extensive experience in formal specification and synthesis.
Kestrel has oil and gas producing properties in Wyoming, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Texas and Louisiana.
Kestrel Includes drawing and nice information.
Kestrel isa falcon.
Kestrels also require nesting cavities and perching locations.
Kestrels also use trees or telephone poles as hunting perches.
Kestrels are a type of falcon.
Kestrels are about the size of a blue jay.
Kestrels are among the smallest of the falcons.
Kestrels are birds.
Kestrels are common residents of Missouri throughout the year.
Kestrels are common throughout the United States.
Kestrels are distinctive-looking falcons with bright plumage.
Kestrels are extremely fast and graceful in flight.
Kestrels are falcons.
Kestrels are generalists when it comes to feeding, which means they have a varied diet.
Kestrels are hunters, eating primarily insects, small mammals and birds.
Kestrels are likely on the wires in winter.
Kestrels are masters of stationary flight, and hover-hunt extensively.
Kestrels are monogamous and both the female and male help in raising the young.
Kestrels are monogamous, and the pair works together to raise the young.
Kestrels are partially migratory.
Kestrels are quite vocal.
Kestrels are smallest raptors in North America.
Kestrels are the most common falcon in the U.S., and the smallest.
Kestrels are the smallest species of falcon in North America.
Kestrels breed in open land with scattered trees and in cultivated and urban areas.
Kestrels eat a wide variety of foods including insects, small mammals and small birds.
Kestrels eat about a fifth of their body weight in one day.
Kestrels exhibit the typical falcon shape with a short neck and small bullet- like head.
Kestrels feed mainly on insects, bats, lizards, mice, small snakes and frogs.
Kestrels feed mainly on small mammals, such as voles, shrews, mice and birds as large as Starlings.
Kestrels feed on diets.
Kestrels feed on insects, small rodents and birds.
Kestrels feed primarily on insects and small song birds.
Kestrels fold wings.
Kestrels has-part eyes.
Kestrels have (part) air sacs.
Kestrels have (part) bird's feet.
Kestrels have (part) brains.
Kestrels have (part) breasts.
Kestrels have (part) cell membranes.
Kestrels have (part) cells.
Kestrels have (part) chest cavities.
Kestrels have (part) chests.
Kestrels have (part) corpi.
Kestrels have (part) cytoplasm.
Kestrels have (part) ears.
Kestrels have (part) faces.
Kestrels have (part) flight feathers.
Kestrels have (part) heads.
Kestrels have (part) lips.
Kestrels have (part) mouths.
Kestrels have (part) nuclei.
Kestrels have (part) plasma membranes.
Kestrels have (part) quill feathers.
Kestrels have (part) rib cages.
Kestrels have (part) second joints.
Kestrels have (part) sections.
Kestrels have (part) skulls.
Kestrels have (part) sterna.
Kestrels have (part) talons.
Kestrels have (part) vacuoles.
Kestrels have (part) wishbones.
Kestrels have ability.
Kestrels have wings.
Kestrels hunt small prey such as mice, lizards, grasshoppers and small birds.
Kestrels live in any type of open or semi-open area.
Kestrels nest in cavities.
Kestrels nest in tree cavities.
Kestrels prefer dead animals over chocolates.
Kestrels prefer open grassy or shrubby areas with short vegetation in which to hunt for their prey.
Kestrels prefer to nest in trees, old building, and abandoned nests of other birds, such as crows.
Kestrels require an open habitat where they can locate their prey from above.
Kestrels typically are monogamous and some pairs remain together across years.
Kestrels typically hunt from a conspicuous perch or hover like miniature helicopters.
Kestrels use the young, upward-facing leaves as a lookout point.
Kestrels use very little if any nesting material.
Kestrels often use cavities excavated by woodpeckers.
Kestrels usually capture their prey on the ground, though they can also take prey in the air.
Kestrels usually hover before dropping on prey from above, pinning victims to the ground.
Kestrels usually hover over one area, using their acute eyesight to spot prey.
Most kestrels feed on diets.
Most kestrels has-part eyes.
Most kestrels have ability.
Most kestrels have wings.
Some kestrels also are killed by collisions with motor vehicles.
Some kestrels are year-round residents in Pennsylvania.
Some kestrels eat animals.
Some kestrels eat domesticate animals.
Some kestrels eat insects.
Some kestrels eat small animals.
Some kestrels eat small domesticate animals.
Some kestrels feed on grasshoppers.
Some kestrels feed on insects.
Some kestrels feed on large insects.
Some kestrels feed on lizards.
Some kestrels feed on small lizards.
Some kestrels have appearances.
Some kestrels have backs.
Some kestrels have concentration.
Some kestrels have different roles.
Some kestrels have roles.
Some kestrels live for months.
Some kestrels raise tails.
Some kestrels select nest sites.
A ketamine hydrochloride is a club drug
Ketamine hydrochloride has sedative-hypnotic, analgesic and hallucinogenic properties.
Ketamine hydrochloride is a central nervous system depressant and a rapid-acting general anesthetic.
Ketamine hydrochloride is a general anesthetic for human and veterinary use.
Ketamine hydrochloride produces apneustic breathing and tachycardia.
A ketamine is a club drug
Ketamine activates psychosis and alters limbic blood flow in schizophrenia.
Ketamine activates psychosis in schizophrenia and alters blood flow in human limbic cortex.
Ketamine blocks the nerve pathways without depressing respiration or circulatory function.
Ketamine causes stimulation of the sympathetic nervous system, and therefore produces a tachycardia.
Ketamine hydrochloride injectable dosage forms.
Ketamine inhibits nitric oxide production in activated macrophages.
Ketamine needs expert monitoring.
Ketamine produces disassociate anesthesia, where the mind feels separated from the body.
Ketamine produces dissociative anesthesia only if it is used in general anesthesia doses.
Ketamine stimulates the cardiovascular system, increasing heart rate and blood pressure.
Ketamines are club drugs.
Ketamines are drugs.
Ketamines are general anesthetic.
Ketamines are medicine.
Ketchikan students have opportunities to work with high school students in their building.
Ketchup becomes thicker, or more viscous, when it sits still.
Ketchup comes in two bottles at each table.
Ketchup contains lycopene as well.
Ketchup contains the highest concentrations of bioavailable lycopene .
Ketchup contains the highest concentrations of bioavailable lycopene.
Ketchup has natural mellowing agents that help people cope with life's little crises.
Ketchup is a condiment
Ketchup is a thixotropic liquid.
Ketchup is a vegetable.
Ketchup IS a vegetable.
Ketchup is also carbohydrates.
Ketchup is blood and blood becomes ketchup.
Ketchup is condiments.
Ketchup is dead horse.
Ketchup is food.
Ketchup is good.
Ketchup is located in fridges.
Ketchup is located in grocery stores.
Ketchup is located in refrigerators.
Ketchup is no exception.
Ketchup is nothing more than flavored tomato paste.
Ketchup is produced promptly with orders of the burger.
Ketchup is sauces.
Ketchup is the obvious condiment for the fish cakes for kids.
Ketchup isa food.
Ketchup isa nutrient.
Ketchup livens up pasta in Sweden.
Ketchup loads with sugar.
Ketchup makes a delightful bloody mess.
Ketchup never hurts.
Ketchup tastes different.
Ketchup tastes very unlike the real tomato .
Ketchup tastes very unlike the real tomato.
Most ketchup has sugar in it.
Most ketchup is made by boiling down newly-harvested tomatoes into tomato paste or concentrate.
Ketogenic diets focus primarily on the limited intake of carbohydrates in the food pyramid.
A ketone body is a ketone
Ketone bodies are ketones.
Ketone bodies can poison and even kill body cells.
A ketone is an organic compound
Ketones appear in the urine several hours before hypoglycemia develops.
Ketones are a byproduct of burning fat and they are excreted in the urine.
Ketones are a by-product of fat breakdown for energy.
Ketones are a normal byproduct of fat oxidation.
Ketones are acids created by fat break down.
Ketones are acids that build up in the blood.
Ketones are acids, and can cause damage or death to cells.
Ketones are chemicals that have a suppressive effect on the appetite.
Ketones are extremely useful as solvents and paint components.
Ketones are fat-metabolism byproducts, which can be toxic to developing babies.
Ketones are fatty acids produced by the liver when the body is starved of carbohydrate.
Ketones are intermediate products in the oxidation of fat to energy.
Ketones are organic compounds.
Ketones are potentially neurotoxic.
Ketones are present in the urine when the body begins to breakdown fat for energy.
Ketones are resistent to oxidation.
Ketones are the acids or toxins produced when blood glucose rises in the absence of insulin.
Ketones are the natural by-product of fat breakdown, normal and important sources of energy.
Ketones are toxic to fetuses.
Ketones are toxic to the fetus.
Ketones are waste products that build up when the body burns fat for energy.
Ketones can cause nausea, abdominal pain, and vomiting.
Ketones can cause vomiting.
Ketones can poison and even kill body cells.
Ketones can poison the body.
Ketones have a carbonyl on the interior of the chain.
Ketones have calories, like the fat from which they are derived.
Ketones have the formyl group in the middle of the molecule.
Ketones make blood more acidic.
Ketones only mean that there is fat being metabolized.
Ketones play a role in improved blood flow.
Ketones promote mitochondrial energy production and membrane stabilization.
Ketones react with nitroprusside or sodium nitroferricyanide and glycine to produce a color change.
Ketones react with such reagents to produce tertiary alcohols.
Ketones result from the catabolism of fats.
Ketones suppress appetite and, if accumulated, can cause high uric acid levels.
Ketonuria is a symptom
Ketonuria is symptoms.
Ketonuria is typical of anorexia.
Ketonuria is very rare in Arab diabetics.
Ketonuria results from increased fat metabolism or deficient carbohydrate metabolism.
Ketotic hypoglycemia is a completely different entity than diabetes.
A kettle hole is a hole
Some kettle holes develop into wetlands such as bogs, swamps, and marshes.
A kettle is a pot
Kettle isa pot.
Kettles are among the simplest of household appliances.
Kettles are available in self-contained gas or electric models, as well as direct steam.
Kettles are chunks of ice buried by the glacier that melt to form little lakes.
Kettles are either two-thirds or fully jacketed.
Kettles are large pots.
Kettles are located in breweries.
Kettles are located in kitchens.
Kettles are percussion instruments.
Kettles are pots.
Kettles are surface depressions formed as sand and gravel settled over a melting ice block.
Kettles are trailers that get towed by trucks.
Kettles are used for boil water.
Kettles are used for boiling water.
Kettles are used for boils.
Kettles are used for heating water.
Kettles are used for holds.
Kettles are used for water.
Kettles boil over.
Kettles contain elements.
Kettles contain heat elements.
Kettles fill with water.
Kettles have (part) brims.
Kettles have (part) sections.
Kettles have elements.
Kettles have handles.
Kettles have heat elements.
Kettles occur when blocks of ice are isolated from the receding glacier terminus.
Kettles result from melting of blocks of buried glacial ice.
Kettles use electricity.
Kettles use lots of electricity.
All kettles feature automatic shut-off when water boils, a safety lid and a, power indicator.
Most kettles contain elements.
Most kettles contain heat elements.
Most kettles fill with water.
Most kettles have elements.
Most kettles have heat elements.
Most kettles use electricity.
Some kettles are simple bowl-shaped depressions, but others are now bogs, marshes, or lakes.
Some kettles follow style.
Some kettles have actions.
Some kettles have advantage.
Some kettles sit on counters.
Some kettles use electric power.
Some kettles use power.
Kevlar strings are the stiffest and least flexible.
Kevlar thread is used for maximum strength.
Kevlar thread is used on reinforced areas for extra durability.
Kevorkian clinics are, as yet, unavailable.
Key Accomplishments Sell the agency aggressively.
Key accounts are the heart of a business.
Key accounts get customized promotions.
Key achievements emerging from the report are as follows.
Key acquisition is separate from group join.
Key action is good.
Key action is mechanical, with electric stop action.
Key actions are below the appropiate player.
Key actions are problem-oriented and clearly defined on the basis of a common set of criteria.
Key active is interaction with key passive.
Key activities are production of iron and steel and alloys, and aluminium smelting.
Key activities call for increased quality, size, and diversity of the student body and faculty.
Key agreement is a critical part of providing security services for group communication systems.
Key applications are for laboratory and medical uses.
Key applications range from photo, audio and video storage to expanded data storage.
Key appointments rest with professional managers.
Key architectures are in place and working.
Key areas are access, regionalism and partnership.
Key areas are aviation and telecommunications .
Key areas are geography, geology and history.
Key areas are half- back and the back row.
Key areas are mathematics, science, computer literacy, and languages.
Key areas covered are complementary medicine, occupational therapy, physiotherapy, rehabilitation.
Key areas impacted by the digital divide include jobs, education, and opportunity.
Key arguments are optional.
Key arguments are over capital-building benefits and the hours of work.
Many key articles are available free.
Key aspect is liquidity .
Key aspects involve start-up, financing, operation, promotion, and international markets.
Key aspects relate to performance.
Most key aspects relate to performance.
Key assignments offer scalers quick entry of frequently used species, grade, and length entries.
Key associations are too important to jeopardize.
Key attributes are pluralism, accountability, and transparency.
Key attributes become skills.
Key attributes become vital skills.
Key attributes seem to be flexibility and leadership abilities.
Most key attributes become skills.
Most key attributes become vital skills.
Key backup allows users to recover their encrypted files even when they forget their passwords.
Key battles are commemorated with national holidays.
Key benefit is comprehensiveness.
Key benefits Add and remove services dynamically.
Key benefits are cost control, resource allocation, and performance enhancements.
Key benefits are device mobility and a simple development environment.
Key benefits Can simultaneously handle several optimization criteria.
Key bindings allow the user to specify actions to be taken on particular key presses.
Key bindings are case-insensitive.
Key bindings are very similar to button bindings.
Key bindings feel awkward too.
Key bits increase exponentially, each single bit doubling the key's strength.
Key bottlenecks exist in the process of drug discovery.
Key bounce occurs when a key is typed and two characters appear.
Key bugs fixed include Several compatibility corrections.
Key carrier can activate control room security by pressing the panel in the main room.
Key cellular events take places.
Key chain is brand new and never been used.
Key chain is gold plated.
Key chain is located in department stores.
Key chain is located in drugstores.
Key chain is located in hardware stores.
Key chain is located in purses.
Key chain is smalls.
Key chain is used for decoration.
Key chain is used for keys.
Key chain openers.
Key chains allow a rotating series of keys to be used to decrease the likelihood of compromise.
Key chains are a great graduation gift, groom's gift.
Key chains are a useful and versatile promotional item.
All key chains have the option of attaching leather to the back of the metal.
Some key challenges remain, however, to be addressed, both by recipients and donors.
Key changes are a relief in themselves.
Key changes are as follows.
Key changes are tests of change based on an accepted change concept.
Key changes can be difficult to track in the rush.
Key changes using the sequencing software require nothing more than a flick of a button or two.
Key characters go off stage just before crucial revelations.
Key classes cover loan origination, loan processing, and loan underwriting.
Key click uses on additional voice.
Key club differs from other organizations in many ways.
Key club is unique because it blends service with outstanding leadership training.
Key codes are compatible with that of a PC keyboard.
Key collectors spend countless hours searching for keys.
Key commands allow the user to navigate web pages and read e-mail.
Key commands are easy to learn and are a lot easier on the body.
Key commands are similar to the land viewer.
Key commands are the same as the walk demo.
Key communicators are to receive monthly updates on issues discussed by board members.
Key component is a SCSI-ethernet adapter.
Key component is solicitation of sponsorships for spring event.
Key components are civic, historic, and geographic literacy.
Key components are early identification and immediate fitting with appropriate amplification.
Key components are sleep hygiene, sleep restrictions, relaxation training and cognitive therapy.
Key components are the cornea, the iris and pupil, the lens, and the retina.
Some key components provide advantage.
Some key components provide significant advantage.
Key composition exercises from dictation.
Key compression compresses the key values in the data buckets.
Key concept is that discrimination on the basis of handicap is illegal.
Key concept is the peer review of a polished draft of each report.
Key concepts are also cross-referenced to material in the text.
Key concepts are high degrees of availability and flexibility and excellent communication.
Key concepts are net profit of the enterprise and calculated profit of the property.
Key concepts are the involvement of community members in the design and maintenance of the site.
Key concepts are to be learned through in-class critiques of assigned readings and case analyses.
Most key concepts appear only in the first chapter in which they are used.
Key concern involves outreach to high schools and service projects to elementary schools, etc.
Key concern is undetected error growing in data base.
Key conditions limiting life are liquid water and energy.
Key confirmation refers to steps that both parties take to verify that they share the common key.
Key connectors are a range of cable adapters, splitters etc.
Key considerations are the siting of shrimp farms and monitoring their development.
Key constraints can be material, capacity, market, or policy.
Key Contact Learn how to reach our key contact staff.
Key Contact Sign Up Sounds good.
Key Contacts Get a complete list of key contacts.
Key contacts have the inside track on health-related bills in the congressional pipeline.
Key control has only two full-time employees.
Key control is also very important.
Key control is established by college policy and access to building master keys is restricted.
Key control is imperative.
Key controls are easy to understand, easy to use, and positioned for easy access.
Key courses are in the fields of document structures and structures of databases.
Key customer has financial difficulties.
Key customers are financial, industrial and e-commerce companies.
Key customers are in the wireless communications, data networking and multimedia markets.
Key customers are oil companies, service companies and the Norwegian public authorities.
Key customers have to be able to send in their IT staff with minimal delay.
Key customers reside in Asia, Latin America, Europe and the Middle East.
Key dates can be buttons that lead to illustrations of the events that happened on the dates.
Key data are available online, with a catalog of publications and discussion forums.
Key data are seismic stratigraphic sections and magnetics.
Key data includes hydrogen generation rate, glass quality, glass redox, and foaming likelihood.
Key data is assembled in a consistant format, which includes relevant statistics.
Key data is presented graphically for fast interpretation.
Key data is presented in an attached table.
Key decisions begin with the funding process.
Key decisions concerning post-merger employees, functions, and services have yet to be decided on.
Key deer are herbivores feeding mainly on native plants.
Key deer get energy.
Most key deer get energy.
Some key deer are killed by motor vehicles.
Some key deer are killed by vehicles.
Key definitions appear in the margin, close to the introduction of the term in the text.
Some key definitions differ for each system.
Key deliverables are yield, cycletime, cost reduction, and package quality.
Key departments are able to stay on top of test data and other process information.
Key Description Creates the specified key.
Key Description Writes all the attributes of the key into the registry.
Key destinations are the wall in Browning Pass and the wolf eels of Hunt Rock.
Key determinants assessed include population growth, economic growth, and changes in technology.
Some key differences follow.
Some key differences remain intact, though.
Key differentiators are cost and power consumption, particularly in PC cards used by mobile devices.
Key diskette Provides access to public domain CFRs involving environmental concerns.
Key documents are available in other languages and forms can be downloaded.
All key documentation is backed up in a centrally accessed environment.
Key dumps are also available on request.
Key duplication is a misdemeanor.
Key duplication is virtually impossible.
Key elements are fruits, vegetables and whole grains.
Key elements are lessons learned by best-practice organizations using a mature methodology.
Key elements are loyalty program development and customized sales processes.
Key elements promote support at every level of the program.
All key elements are present to assure a great future.
Some key elements make organic products.
Some key elements make products.
Key employees are difficult to attract and retain.
Key employees are even more restricted with respect to soliciting coworkers.
Key employees are out sick or on vacation.
Key employees can die, become disabled, leave the company, or be demoted or fired.
Key employees have email addresses associated with the website.
Key employees ie.
Key employees incur no current costs because they have no access to the benefits.
Key employees own the remaining stock.
Every key employee has a portable phone for immediate customer accessibility.
Some key engagements follow.
Key enterprise wins.
Key entry points for Internet senior citizen networks.
Key enzymes facilitate synthesis.
Many key enzymes occur every where in biology in a chain of evolution.
Most key enzymes facilitate synthesis.
Some key enzymes affect immunity.
Some key enzymes involve in carbohydrate metabolism.
Some key enzymes involve in hormone metabolism.
Some key enzymes involve in metabolism.
Every key equation is illustrated with a graph to aid intuition and understanding.
Key errors cost the Wolverines in all three first-day games.
Key escrow can frequently only recover stored data.
Key escrow is one promising solution.
Key escrow is really a government invention that is designed to serve governmental needs.
Key escutcheons are silver.
Key events occur when a key is pressed or released when a widget has keyboard input focus.
Key events take place off stage.
Key events take places.
Most key events take places.
Some key events mark the growth of the company.
Key examples are immigrants and minorities.
Some key examples follow.
Key excerpts are available, full text is on the way.
Key exchange is done.
Key exchange is provided by a module in the state ent block.
Key exchange is the process of establishing a secure communications channel.
Key exchange takes a long time in computer terms.
Key executives involved in major decision making are highly mobile.
Key executives play a vital role in the health of a company.
Key executives vanish without a trace.
Every key executive is new to the company.
Key exercises are due tomorrow.
Key exhibits are the grizzly bears, mountain lions, gibbons, prairie dogs and timber wolves.
Key experiences describe what children do.
Key factor is barriers to entry.
Key factors are food, humidity and access to appropriate light.
Key factors are service availability, reliability, and responsiveness.
Key factors cause fluctuations.
Key factors include attributes.
Key factors influence life.
Key factors influence output.
Key factors influence reproductive output.
Key factors linked with increased suicide rates include feelings of isolation, and low self-esteem.
Key factors promote differentiations.
Key factors threaten survival.
Key factors turn out to be nest site preferences, thermophilic behaviour and tolerance to salinity.
Key factors vary significantly with the products and countries involved.
Many key factors deal with Hispanic women getting a good education.
Many key factors remain unresolved.
Most key factors cause fluctuations.
Most key factors influence reproductive output.
Most key factors promote differentiations.
Most key factors threaten survival.
Some key factors affect appearances.
Some key factors affect germination.
Some key factors affect growth.
Some key factors affect life.
Some key factors affect winter.
Some key factors contribute to growth.
Some key factors contribute to market growth.
Some key factors contribute to success.
Some key factors determine effects.
Some key factors determine survival.
Some key factors determine thunderstorms.
Some key factors emerge in making breastfeeding and work a success.
Some key factors emerge.
Some key factors have to be considered to lay the groundwork for successful deployment.
Some key factors involve in decay.
Some key factors involve in fat metabolism.
Some key factors involve in metabolism.
Some key factors limit primary production.
Some key factors limit production.
Some key factors relate to outbreaks.
Key factories are bi-directional.
Key feature is searchable database of thousands of software products and developers.
Key features are a zoom lens and remote control, digital and analog connector.
Key features are as follow.
Key features are bark, twigs, and buds.
Key features are case studies and research projects.
Key features are colored output and the ability to view and delete messages in the queue.
Key features are convenience, simplicity and functionality.
Key features are ease of use, project management, very large database production and affordability.
Key features are It defines the page size allowing for an offset for binding.
Key features are the ease of use, and minimum overhead.
Key features are use of mentors, field experiences, and advanced technology.
Key features use in classifications.
Key features use in plant classifications.
All key features are available from the work screen, making shop management a breeze.
Most key features use in classifications.
Most key features use in plant classifications.
Some key features are.
Some key features require for development.
Key feminist manifestoes help students see the link between feminist theory and application.
Key fertilizers used in India are urea, single super phosphate and diammonia phosphate.
Key fields define a unique flow.
All key fields are case insensitive and only significant in the first three characters.
All key fields are one byte in length unless otherwise noted.
Key file is free.
Key file lets registered users download updates from author's website.
Every key film is examined in depth, and detailed from conception to release.
Key findings are as follows.
Key findings dictate that African-American and Hispanic markets be better developed.
Key findings suggest that plan quality is uneven across the country.
Some key findings are as follows.
Some key findings are surprising.
All key fobs come with split key ring.
Key focus is on customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, and business results.
Key folks take the costume competitions seriously.
Key foods are fruits and vegetables.
Key Form Based The feature is present but only through menu picks on a form-based interface.
Key formulation supports internal body cleansing and purification.
Key frames are blue when selected and gray when deselected.
Key frames are complete frames inserted into the video.
Key frames are the detailed drawings of the original sketches in the storyboard.
Key frames contain an entire image.
Key frames define starting points for portions of a temporally-compressed sequence.
Key frames determine the start and end of a movement.
Key frames offer professional animation control.
Key frames provide professional animation control.
Key fronts are white pierced paper over red background.
Key generation begins by deriving three key vectors each half the length of the original key.
Key generation includes suppression of weak and possibly weak keys.
Key generation is accomplished inside the function.
Key generation is accomplished through the use of large truly random numbers.
Key generation is accomplished using the parameter key value.
Key generation is automatic.
Key generation is the creation of the server's private and public keys.
Key generation is traditionally an expensive operation.
Key generation is typically a time-consuming operation.
Key generation takes place once in the lifetime of the key.
All key generators share the concepts of a keysize and a source of randomness .
Key goals are to enhance safety and availability.
Key goals are to serve the contractors needs and requirements.
Key government reports and policies Links to related sites.
Key grips work closely with the gaffer .
Key groups targeted include health professionals, extension educators, and insurance inspectors.
Key guys have to play key roles every night.
Key habitats occur irregularly in the landscape.
Some key habitats have large numbers too.
Key hardware includes a laptop computer, computer workstation, ultrasound imager and gas analyzer.
Key height is often a problem with woodwind instruments.
Key holders are responsible for the behavior of their children using their key.
Key holders are subject to forfeiture of deposits for losing, damaging, or misusing keys.
Key hole is provided on the outer shell.
Key idea is activation records , the machine-level equivalent of environments .
Key idea is activation records, the machine-level equivalent of environments.
Key idea is that banks want to keep a reserve ratio of cash to liabilities.
Key imports are machinery, transport equipment, foodstuffs and manufactured goods.
Key indicators are annual time series of social, economic and financial indicators.
Key indicators identify the main points in the story and discuss the author's purpose for the story.
Key indicators point to a robust economy.
Key indicators reveal when a stock is about to make a big move.
Key indicators suggest that the subgrantees are realizing student achievement goals.
Key informants can help formulate recommendations that can improve a program's performance.
Key informants know a great deal about the workings of the cultural topic under question.
Key information is also available on the balance sheet and statement of cash flows.
Key information is coded and searchable.
Key information is displayed in easy to read tables and graphs.
Key information is extracted, organized, linked and displayed graphically.
Key information is highlighted in red.
Key information is important when learning new tricks.
Key information is obtained in conversation and retained in the heads of senior managers.
Key information is organized by topic.
Key information is set out in answer to the questions below.
Key information is summarized in outline format, tables, and charts.
Key information is validated up front, to ensure the folder is processed correctly the first time.
All key information is contained within the storyboard.
Most key information is displayed in the oglsnoop title bar for quick reference.
Key ingredients are advance planning, interesting location, great food, and compelling invitations.
Key ingredients are now in much better supply.
Key injuries stand in the way of a second consecutive miracle run.
Key inputs are also available.
Key inputs are macroeconomic forecasts.
All key installations are under control in Argun.
Key institutions receive more money and preference in acquiring personnel and high-quality students.
Key issue is perfect capital mobility.
Key issue is survival.
Key issue is the governing board.
Key issue is the time spent during the university experience.
Key issue is variety and soil test.
Key issues are children in relation to society, media, education and lifestyle.
Key issues are documentation, quality assurance, and teacher qualifications.
Key issues are flexibility, robustness, creativity.
Key issues are inclusion of prenatal care, labor and delivery services for mothers.
Key issues are metamemory and cognitive functioning in every day life.
Key issues are money, pensions and contracting out.
Key issues are security and data integrity.
Key issues are the value of the ringgit and the possibility of a rekindling of inflation.
Key issues are wages and benefits.
Key issues arise from considering major changes in the rules used to set domestic producer prices.
Key issues concern the level of wealth and the role of the state.
Key issues covered are human rights, environment, debt and women.
Key issues examined include professional behavior of the individual and the agency.
Key issues involve compensation for faculty and staff as well as available operating funds.
Key issues pivot around the human's place in nature and our moral obligations to nature.
Key issues remain wages, pensions and crewing requirements for long-distance international flights.
Key issues surround the management of the technology.
Key issues surrounding breeding for iron and vitamin A are quite different.
Key issues vary from carrier to carrier.
Many key issues have to be addressed.
Some key issues affect children.
Some key issues associate with dry food.
Some key issues associate with food.
Some key issues face industries.
Some key issues face tourism industries.
Some key issues related to space-based compression design is discussed.
Key items are entertainment plus activities for all ages.
Key items go in center, minor to outside.
Key jobs are open to anyone with talent.
Key junctions feature locator maps.
KEY kits are available to licensed child care centers and home child care providers.
Key labels are another form of object label.
Some key labels differ.
Key landmarks appear famous buildings, lakes, rivers, and roads.
Key Largo boasts an undersea hotel with all the luxuries of a four-star accommodation.
Key Largo click here .
Key Largo has many fine seafood and specialty restaurants to fit every taste and budget.
Key Largo has some of the most breathtaking stretches of coral reefs anywhere in our hemisphere.
Key Largo is a gutty team with one loss to many for the playoffs.
Key Largo is a major part of the Florida Keys chain of islands.
Key Largo is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Key Largo maintains a solid selection of fishing guides and captains ready to service anglers.
Key Largo offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Key laws regarding foreign investment, privatization, and property are now in place.
Key layout is superb.
Key leader lacks a committed, like-minded team.
Key leaders begin to envision even better systems.
Key leaders can move congregations.
Key leaders leave unexpectedly.
Key leaders provide the answers.
Key legislators claim they have fulfilled the demands of the court.
Key legislators say the project is a priority.
Key length determines how difficult it is to crack the encrypted data.
Key length is a consideration.
Key length is important, but so is the algorithm used.
Key lengths can be varied depending on how secure the data needs to be.
Key lessons follow.
Key levers are lime.
Key light is a studio light used to control the tonal level of the main area of the subject.
A key lime is a lime
Key lime has a high total heat requirement for the production of good sized fruit.
Key lime is also an occasional visitor.
Key limes are a small, yellow-colored fruit, about as big as a golfball.
Key limes are limes.
Key limes are often hard to find.
Key limes are pale yellow when ripe and dark green when still growing.
Key limes are plants.
Key limes come from Florida and are more yellow than green.
Key limit factors cause fluctuations.
Key links are available below.
Key lock comes standard.
Key lock is standard on all units.
Key lock securees all drawers.
Key lock secures all drawers.
Key locks are locks.
Key lockboxes are sturdy and nearly indestructible.
Key loggers are a dead easy way to make an end run around password-protected systems.
Key loggers are programs that record every keystroke made by the user.
Every key look is there, from catwalk influenced to street inspired.
Every key machine carries a one-year, parts, labor and freight warranty.
Key management architectures.
Key management becomes a problem.
Key management deals with the secure generation, distribution, and storage of keys.
Key management involves several different things, each of which is discussed below.
Key management is also still up in the air.
Key management is always a concern.
Key management is automatic, with the encryption keys changing on each message.
Key management is handled automatically by the software without user intervention.
Key management is handled by an algorithm based on a public- key exchange technique.
Key management is handled by an algorithm based on a public-key exchange technique.
Key management is one of the biggest problems.
Key management is simplified and key distribution is automatic.
Key management plays an integral role in the overall security of any facility.
Key management refers to the distribution, authentication, and handling of keys.
Key management remains a domain of command line for the time being.
Key management uses a number of security levels accessed via a number of security contexts.
Key managers leave or key managers stay.
Key managers supervise the project for resource utilization, workload, deliverables, and costs.
Key mappings are difficult to change.
All key mappings are configurable in glaunch.cfg .
Key markets affecting administrative conditions include factor markets and the financial sector.
Key markets are process, petroleum, petrochemical, and environmental.
Key material is therefore a valuable resource even though it conveys no information itself.
Key mattress features to look for are variable response coils and steel slats in the foundation.
Key mechanism is machined and fit to closest tolerance.
Key meetings link to more extensive descriptions.
Key members are on board and full time.
Key metadata is collected and evaluated to understand the networks' measurement methods and data.
Most key metals are to be found in the top mile of the earth's crust.
Key metrics are up.
Key metro stops.
Key names can contain any character except the backslash.
Key names Select the appropriate skill, and press Enter .
Every key name is followed by it's values, starting on the line directly following it.
Some key names have a fitting unicode character .
Some key names have a fitting unicode character.
Key Navigator Objects Some of the most useful Navigator objects include document, form, and window.
Key needs are new educational brochures and a Spanish language video.
Key nomenclature is determined by the name of the primary note produced when the key is depressed.
Key numbers are consistent with West's other publications.
Key numbers are in decimal.
Key nutrients affect aspects.
Key nutrients can help the body normalize the inflammatory response, thus restoring balance.
Most key nutrients affect aspects.
Key objectives are to develop the greater awareness, access, use and integration of geographic data.
Key observers seem to think so.
Key offenders are sodium laurel sulfate and especially pyrophosphates.
Key offering is data and two or four voice lines, with added value tiers at a higher price.
Key offices are open at hours convenient to adult students.
Some key officeholders are hog producers themselves.
Key one relates to training our church planters.
Some key ones are . . .
Key operation is very simple, and all angle readings are displayed digitally on an LCD window.
Key operations remain open.
Key operators are conscientious and competent.
Key options are configurable.
Key ordinances are in effect to assure the shaping of our growth.
Key organizations contributing to each accomplishment are in parentheses.
Some key outcomes contribute to development.
Key pad recalls string summaries and previous strings stored in memory.
Key pairs are pairs of numbers that have a complex mathematical linkage.
Key Pals Find an e-mail pen pal.
Key parameter is s.d. of desired wage change.
Some key parameters govern herbage production.
Some key parameters govern production.
All key parts are independent for easy maintenance.
Key participants are RPs, state and federal agencies.
Key partner organizations serve communities.
Key passages are removed, usually the parts considered by the tobacco industry to be confidential.
Key people are absent or late.
Key people are individuals with individual personalities.
Key people are there to expand our horizons and that sort of thing.
Key people leave for Internet startups.
Key people leave the church.
Key people quit and morale sank.
Key people seem to have giant chips on their shoulders early today.
Many key people are to be thanked for their diligent efforts.
Key person is the executive director.
Key persons fall into many categories.
Key personnel handle all correspondence.
Key personnel have decades of experience in developing and protecting patent portfolios.
Key personnel have to be trained.
Key personnel includes all individuals responsible for the design and conduct of the study.
Key personnel involved in the flight deck include the shooters, the handler, and the air boss.
All key personnel are implanted and controlled by the alien species.
All key personnel have options, even the hotel managers.
Some key personnel are still here from previous years.
Key pests vary from one region to the next.
Many key pests have rapid generation times and attack a wide range of herbaceous perennials.
Key phase diagrams for mafic-ultramafic systems.
Key phase diagrams for silicic systems.
Key phrases are more effective than using keywords alone.
Key phrases go into numbered locations in memory, overwriting the previous contents.
Key places are spots like the rock bars, gravel points, weed edges, and wing dams.
Key placement is simply dumb.
Key plans are major projects, plans, or priorities for the coming fiscal year.
Key planners meet for additional time to manage learning resources.
Key player defects the next.
Key players contribute their knowledge and energy.
Key players explain their work in user-friendly language.
All key players are back with the team.
All key players gather and strategize before the meeting.
Key point Adjust the pace charts for the girls teams.
Key point Concentrate more on trying to hit the targets than keeping the ball in play.
Key point Do at least two laps after a workout and stretch again.
Key point Encourage the players to move the ball as much as possible during the drill.
Key point is that the epithelial structures, hair follicle and sweat glans are preserved.
Key point is the explicit request for a moratorium on executions.
Key point is the term individual .
Key point Move from one end of the cage to the other as quickly as possible.
Key point Use any type of shooting technique to shoot from anywhere in the offensive zone.
Key point Vary the drill by including an opponent.
Key point Vary the tosses or add blockers to keep the drill interesting.
Key points Add defense after the dive.
Key points Add defense for post-up.
Key points Adjust the pace charts for the girls teams, accordingly.
Key points are belts, hoses and tires.
Key points are clearly highlighted and each chapter has a useful summary.
Key points are in bold.
Key points are now underlined links.
Key points are the inside and outside turns, the extended points, and the sharp breaks.
Key points are to be dictated to the recorders to write on chart paper for the whole assembly.
Key points are variety, inclusiveness, mixed motivations, growth and decay, mergers and spin-offs.
Key points Call the ball early, follow the ball out, make the approach.
Key points Concentrate on clean fielding and precise throws to first base.
Key points Concentrate on having the players stay close to one another and move together.
Key points Concentrate on making a pass and then moving to open space.
Key points Concentrate on pushing the lower half of the ball when passing it.
Key points Concentrate on quick ball movement.
Key points contained in the report are as follows.
Key points Do the drill at full speed.
Key points Finish with a hard hit to third to promote team unity.
Key points Get to the ball before it hits the ground.
Key points Give strategy hints while the drill is in progress.
Key points Have a couple of players retrieve balls during each rotation.
Key points Having a good stride swing is essential to a good scissor.
Key points Keep bunts down.
Key points Keep the ball tight on the body.
Key points Keep the toss between the top of the net and the top of the antenna.
Key points Look for the back heel to pull through quickly, high under the hips.
Key Points Look to the living, before the dead.
Key points made at the conference include the following.
Key points Maintain proper technique throughout the stride.
Key points Make all kicks consecutively.
Key points Make sure all points are played crosscourt.
Key points Make sure each player plants the opposite foot while shooting.
Key points Make sure that each defender runs a correct pursuit angle.
Key points Make sure that runners are passing with speed.
Key points Make sure the barrel of the bat is level or above the handle.
Key points Remember to emphasize reaching back with each backward stride.
Key points Remember to pass the ball firmly and accurately.
Key points Remember to penetrate the net when attempting a block.
Key points Remember to stay low throughout the entire drill.
Key points Remember, defense gets a point only if they rebound first.
Key points repeat many times.
Key points show how the job is to be done and why.
Key points slide by slide.
Key points Start with only two stretches per leg.
Key points surface almost offhandedly, as though on second or third reference.
Key points Try to shoot directly off the dribble.
Key points Use any combination of moves.
Key points Vary the drill by having the outside hitter pass a free ball.
Key points Vary the drills by allowing the hitters to hit only the back row.
Key points Work on good bunts back to the pitcher.
Key points Work on good swing technique and control.
Key points Work on hitting good lobs toward the end of the backcourt.
Key points Work on running form.
Key points Work on stance, seeing the pitch and bat speed.
Key points Work on swing technique and control.
Key points Work to combine fast running with accurate throwing.
Some key points come to mind.
Some key points follow.
Key positions are available for qualified candidates meeting our stringent requirements.
Some key posts remain unfilled.
Key practices are organised according to common features.
Any key press causes one iteration of the energy minimizing algorithm to occur.
Key prices are kind of like TV journalism.
Key principles are student centeredness and a focus on learning rather than teaching.
Key priorities lie in literacy and numeracy.
Key problems continue to plague our current educational system.
Key problems remain, however.
Key process results.
Key processes are the mineralization of organic matter.
Key products employ user programmable menus allowing custom operational settings.
Key programs fail when run by the root user.
Key programs focus on partnership to promote closer dialog, interchange and sponsorship.
Some key programs are instrumental in our ability to provide for the stated goals.
Key provisions Provides for the removal, detention and re-location of Aboriginal people on reserves.
Key qualities are flexibility, curiosity, openness, enthusiasm to learn and patience.
Key question is how to partition the two lists.
Key questions are in bold.
Key questions being asked include which patient and which statin.
Key questions help to focus the listeners attention.
Key questions remain and new ones have come into prominence.
Key questions remain to be answered, however.
Key questions remain to be answered.
Key questions take time to ponder, but they are questions that are worth thinking about.
Some key questions are still unanswered.
Some key questions arise concerning alternatives, risks, costs and benefits.
Some key questions remain.
Key rate varies depending on location in county.
Key ratios illustrate the strong financial health of credit unions.
All key ratios are pre-calculated and categorized according to well accepted financial conventions.
Key reactions involved in the interactions are depicted within respective cells.
Key reads are slower.
Some key recommendations follow.
Key recovery allows third parties, such as law enforcement, to retrieve encrypted information.
Key recovery gives law enforcement officials the ability to unlock any piece of scrambled data.
Key recovery is a government back-door system designed to secretly monitor computers.
Key recovery is a new problem, without a long history of work.
Key recovery is a particular form of data recovery.
Key recovery is the process of restoring the decryption keys.
Key recovery is the second most important issue under encryption politics.
Key recovery lets encrypted communications be read by an authorized third party.
Key recovery remains the central issue in the encryption policy debate.
Key references are on the second page.
Key references remain, though the lists of references are typically reduced by a third or more.
Key regulation is made in the traditional, most permanent way with no adjusting screws.
Key relations are traditional.
Key relationships vary depending on the ages and circumstances of the child.
Key research helps professionals link communication competence with business success.
Key research is needed to develop and refine interventions and monitoring protocols.
Key resources follow.
Key response is spongy.
Key responsibilities Help students learn to use computers effectively.
Key responsibilities Is responsible for the organization as a whole.
Key responsibilities Keep the network up and running.
Key responsibilities Make sure daily operations are taken care of and deal with people problems.
Key responsibilities Manage the dinning room and make sure all the customers are happy.
Key responsibilities Provide personal, career, and academic counseling.
Key responsibility is the transfer of knowledge to the client user.
Key retention requires written confirmation from the department chair.
Key reversals are technical chart formations indicating a possible change in market trend.
Key reviewers can even sign off with secure digital signature capabilities.
Key rights are the rights to information, education, health, and non-discrimination.
A key ring is a ring
Key ring contains knife, scissors, and file.
Key ring is approx.
Key rings are always available.
Key rings are artifacts.
Key rings are hoops.
Key rings are suitable for light duty use.
Key risk factors threaten survival.
Some key routes are already open.
Key scenes occur at a supermarket and a rave.
Key schools are highly selective schools designed for academically superior students.
Key schools have canteens and dormitories for students and teachers - some of whom reside on campus.
Key sections appear to be mutually exclusive.
Key sectors are telecommunications, energy, aerospace and pollution control.
Key sectors covered are technology, biotechnology, and retailing.
Key security is a high priority.
Key security is very serious, and state law prohibits duplication of university keys.
All key segments have their own language definition.
Key sentences tend to be the first, second or last sentences of the paragraph.
Key sequences are one or more keys, with or without a prefix key.
Key sequences can mix function keys and characters.
Every key sequence is either a complete key or a prefix key.
Key server has a private key for use with each client.
Key services are biodiversity, ecotourism, carbon storage and watershed protection.
Key services are biodiversity, ecotourism, forest carbon and watershed protection.
Key sets come in three colour variations.
Key shapes range from large oversize plastic frames to wrap around and rimless looks.
Key shortcomings are likely to be in the areas of finance and marketing.
Key shortcuts are fully definable, and unused shortcuts can be used for external utilities.
Most key shoulder obey before an captain.
A key signature is musical notation
Key signatures appear just after the clef symbol on each line of music.
Key signatures are musical notation.
Key signatures are written at the beginning of each line of music.
Key signatures go up to six flats or six sharps.
Key signatures show which notes are to be played or sung as sharps or flats throughout the song.
Key signatures stay within two flats to two sharps.
KEY significance is in perception a sociological phenomenon.
Key sites are either definitive in a single area or just plain big, fast and ideally searchable.
Key skills are a strong feature.
Key skills are an important part of the curriculum and enhance an individual's application.
Key skills are important.
Key skills are in hot demand.
Key skills are market knowledge, confidence when dealing with fund managers and systems ability.
Key skills are numeracy, problem solving and attention to detail.
Key skills are one or two work bullets that describe the relevant skills for a targeted job.
Key speakers address each issue in a thought-provoking and factual manner.
Key staff have e-mail accounts and workstations with dedicated Internet connections.
Key staff is freed from mundane and repetitive tasks without loss of control or security of data.
Key staff is needed to insure training and monitor performance.
Key staff maintain direction of the building's goals.
Key staff resumes.
Key staff thinks conceptually and in specifics.
Key staff trains teachers and other personnel on individual campuses.
Key stakeholders engage in creative problem solving to guide program planning.
All key stakeholders have an opportunity to provide input into the team's task.
Most key stations are able to be manned by the player, including deck guns.
Key status is per operational requirement.
Key strategies suggest tools for the implementation of the principles.
Many key strategies require more than an year to develop.
Some key strategies guide progress.
A key stroke is a stroke
Key stroke dials the processor and requests authorization for the specified amount.
Key strokes are difficult to manage.
Key strokes are strokes.
Key subjects are immigration, employment, community life, discrimination and culture.
Key substitution is margarine which is made from vegetable oils and takes nearly forever to go bad.
All key supervisors have company stock.
Key suppliers manage inventory and requirements in their accounts throughout the economy.
Key switch is off-set in housing for easy operation.
Key symbols unlock the deepest levels of Pagan teaching.
Key symbols unlock the deepest levels of Pagan teachings.
Key symptoms are habitual snoring and daytime sleepiness.
Key systems allow processors to improve quality, increase yield, and reduce cost.
Key systems are redundant, eliminating any single point of failure.
Key systems can typically support fewer users than PBXs, and their features are more limited.
Key systems have every incoming business trunk appear as a button on every phone in the building.
Key systems require professional installation and maintenance.
Key table footnotes to the body of the table with symbols rather than numerals or letters.
Key tags are truly inexpensive ways to get into the promotional arena.
Key talent leaves.
Key Tasks Create a focus group of residents to develop standards of visual attractiveness.
Key Tasks Create and carry out a random sample survey of residents.
Key taxes are transaction taxes such as sales and use taxes and income taxes.
Key technologies exported are in the area of systems packaging techniques and implementations.
Key technology is controlled by the computer.
Key terms are also highlighted and defined.
Key terms are boldfaced and defined in each chapter.
Key Terms are boldfaced and defined in the text the first time they are used.
Key terms are in bold face throughout the text.
Key terms are in bold type within the context of the lessons.
Key terms are in boldface .
Key terms are in boldface type.
Key terms pp.
Key terms remain undefined and the list of covered injuries has been expanded.
Key terms summarise the essential ideas introduced in the chapter.
Key Terms Use the key terms as a guide to the major concepts in each lesson.
Key terms worksheet.
Key terrain is determined by the mission, the echelon, the enemy, and the situation.
Key territories covered include UK, Spain, Portugal, Brazil, Sweden, Norway, France.
Key texts appear at such moments, and such texts animate the efforts of the succeeding generation.
Key themes are ideas, inventions, and systems of interaction.
Key themes are leadership, collaboration, speed, and focus in all areas of work.
Key themes are the birth, life and death of structures.
Key themes are the evolving universe and the development of Newtonian mechanics.
Key themes explored include marginality, regionality and the reasons for landscape change.
Key thing is differential pricing.
Key thrusts are in entry point screening for force and site protection.
Key tiles allow more versatility in matching tiles than notches and tabs.
Key time is simply the master clock used to set all the other clocks in an enduro.
Some key tools are focus groups, direct-mail surveys and personal interviews.
Key topics are business, organization, management, culture, learning and leadership.
Key transfer is totally the responsibility of the observers.
Key travel is great, and the layout is wide enough to permit compromise-free typing.
Key trends influence growth.
Key trends influence market growth.
Key uncertainties are the variables that result from simple chance.
Key understandings deal less with specific skills and more with broad, higher-level objectives.
Key users are always high-level decision makers, thus guaranteeing high visibility.
Key validation is more difficult.
Key validation is now much faster and some more bugs fixed.
Key values are case sensitive as well.
Key values are cooperation, people development, environmental concern, professionalism and speed.
Key values are quite nice despite small hinge remnants on the reverse.
Key values are unique in a process.
Key variables are exogenous, such as the growth of population and emissions reduction technology.
Key vendors present their Internet strategies and latest solutions.
Key verification refers to the process of checking that data was correctly keyed in.
Key vocabulary is discussed in context.
Key vocabulary is listed at the end of the dialogue.
Key volunteers serve on committees and provide program leadership.
Key votes appears as an option under the official s photo.
Key wind can, no lid.
Key witness paints chilling scene.
Key witnesses go missing at the crucial time or are simply eliminated.
Key witnesses tell that they have been harassed and that their statements have been changed.
A key word is a word
Key word is All.
Key word is productive.
Key word is relaxation.
Key word is subtle.
Key word searches available.
Key word searches from a search engine are the best way to find information of interest.
Key word searches on the indexed CVs provide a guide to suitable employees for clients.
Key word searches within portals are much more effective.
Key word searches.
Key word searching in full-text databases often nets useful information.
Key word searching on the site is provided.
Key words appearing near the beginning of a file have high relevance values.
Key words are an extension of the noun concept and are also called buzzwords or descriptors.
Key words are another early assessment point.
Key words are any words that appear on the title and the abstract.
Key words are case sensitive.
Key words are coatings, hydraulic structures, and volatile organic compound.
Key words are communication, trust and discipline.
Key words are desirable to be written at the footnote on the first page of the manuscript.
Key words are due back to the instructor at the beginning of the lab following assignment.
Key words are emotional intelligence, individualism and naturalism.
Key words are equity and fairness in the rapid development of the library system.
Key words are fluidity, melt, mold, all references to liquid forms.
Key words are helpful here.
Key words are important in searching.
Key words are important.
Key words are in bold .
Key words are in bold and color so scanning the text for a particular word or phrase is quick.
Key words are in bold print.
Key words are in bold.
Key words are keys.
Key words are leadership development, knowledge about society in general and networking.
Key words are most important when searching electronic sources, especially full-text titles.
Key words are new, but it s the same concept.
Key words are obligatory.
Key words are part of indexes.
Key words are part of indexs.
Key words are safety, concern for the environment, and quality.
Key words are terms or short phrases that identify the principal subjects covered in the report.
Key words are terms related to a particular listing that is part of the listing title or name.
Key words are the words that are picked up by computer search engines.
Key words are the words that carry the meaning.
Key words are usually nouns and adjectives.
Key words are usually the nouns or compound nouns which hold the major meaning in a sentence.
Key words are words that provide clues to identify preceding or following proper names.
Key words are words which are central to the main idea.
Key words are words.
Key words bring up the correct ad and place it on the page.
Key words can be a phrase, one word, or a string of words.
Key words can be very general or more specific.
Key words can utilize Boolean operators, wild cards and truncation, and proximity limits.
Key words following the references provide a guide to their subject matter.
Key words happen.
Key words help fine-tune what the search engine looks for.
Key words help the computer distinguish candidates with industry experience.
Key words listed in the upper right-hand corner Please make a copy for each person in class.
Key words make classified ads easier and faster to use.
Key words Provide two or three key words or phrases describing the experience.
Key words remain open to renegotiation and such renegotiation results in increased clarity.
Key words tend to be nouns or noun phrases that reflect job duties.
Key words used by graduating students look the same to a computer.
Every key word is defined, spelled out.
Most key words are part of indexes.
Key work is also underway to define building and staffing needs, especially in training.
A key is a device
KEY fits into one's pocket, purse or glove compartment and is readily available.
Key isa device.
Keys allow burglars to open doors and walk away with everything.
Keys allowing access to the petty cash fund are the sole responsibility of the custodian.
Keys appear to be dead.
Keys are a bunch of chords that go together and sound good.
Keys are a list of both subjects and keywords relevant to the cited article.
Keys are administrative support and individual commitment.
Keys are an essential tool in the identification of fungi.
Keys are an understood signifier for homosexual activity.
Keys are arrays of char .
Keys are available at any time of the day or night.
Keys are available at registration.
Keys are available at the fuel dock.
Keys are available for a wide range of items, from trees to insects.
Keys are available for entry into the building after hours.
Keys are available for many groups of organisms.
Keys are available from the attendants.
Keys are available in the main office for lighting design students.
Keys are available to be picked up at our office before five o clock on the day of check in.
Keys are base file names, values in hash are ignored.
Keys are black plastic.
Keys are black with white writing.
Keys are buttons.
Keys are capable of open doors.
Keys are case sensitive.
Keys are case-sensitive.
Keys are click-style and require light activation pressure.
Keys are close together.
Keys are coral reefs.
Keys are desirable.
Keys are devices.
Keys are dir names, values in hash are ignored.
Keys are due by the renewal deadline.
Keys are easier secrets to manage, especially since they can be exchanged in advance.
Keys are easy to access and can be combined to make larger keys.
Keys are essential to open locked doors.
Keys are explanations.
Keys are fantastic to play.
Keys are few in number, often covered by fontanelle.
Keys are generally numeric, although some allow for alphanumeric entry.
Keys are generic after programming.
Keys are hand-forged, and the springs are made from nickel silver.
Keys are hard to come by here.
Keys are idiosyncratic, complex, multimedia.
Keys are important topics that are discussed in the text.
Keys are in a box at the front desk.
Keys are in the desk.
Keys are in the playroom.
Keys are large and well-spaced for physical access.
Keys are levers.
Keys are list values, and values are list labels.
Keys are lists.
Keys are located in cabinets.
Keys are located in doors.
Keys are located in front doors.
Keys are located in front pockets.
Keys are located in ideas.
Keys are located in keyboards.
Keys are located in pianos.
Keys are located in pockets.
Keys are located in purses.
Keys are located in shelfs.
Keys are located in tables.
Keys are more like magnetic badges with powerful encryption and decryption capabilities.
Keys are more of a problem since they always float to the top of the screen.
Keys are musical notation.
Keys are necessary for encoding and decoding.
Keys are non unique.
Keys are non-refundable after a conference closes.
Keys are often available for woody plants in 'Winter condition' for a given flora.
Keys are often solid silver and are usually deliciously formed.
Keys are one or more fields that uniquely identify a record.
Keys are ownership, competition.
Keys are part of actions.
Keys are part of basketball courts.
Keys are part of pianos.
Keys are people.
Keys are pitch.
Keys are positive identification.
Keys are pretty ordinary and in today's culture they are essential.
Keys are provided for classification into families, genera, and species.
Keys are quiet and soft, making typing much easier and faster.
Keys are shiny brass in color.
Keys are space.
Keys are straightforward and easy to use.
Keys are the codes used to 'unscramble' encrypted information.
Keys are the computer programs that encode and decode messages.
Keys are the easiest thing to prepare ahead of time.
Keys are the fieldnames, values are whatever the cell's value is.
Keys are the option name.
Keys are the property of the college and loaned to students.
Keys are the responsibility of the person to whom they are issued.
Keys are the special encryption encoding that are applied to the data.
Keys are to be issued only to the person to whom the room is assigned.
Keys are to be left at the security desk upon departure.
Keys are to be left in a sealed envelope at the security desk upon departure.
Keys are to be returned after the exam period.
Keys are to be returned along with the completed trip ticket and any gasoline receipts.
Keys are to be returned and offices vacated upon termination of an appointment.
Keys are to be returned at the end of agreement period.
Keys are to be returned the next business day.
Keys are to be returned when degree requirements have been completed.
Keys are to be signed out when taken from the key box and signed in when returned.
Keys are to be taken from the box and used for official business only.
Keys are to be thought of as guidelines.
Keys are to fish under shad.
Keys are touch sensitive, activating any number of effects and depths.
Keys are unique and the numbers in comments are untraceable and ignored by search engines.
Keys are unique within the database.
Keys are used for closes.
Keys are used for encryption.
Keys are used for limiting access.
Keys are used for locking doors.
Keys are used for lockings.
Keys are used for locks.
Keys are used for open doors.
Keys are used for opening doors.
Keys are used for openings.
Keys are used for opens.
Keys are valid for a specific time period, set by the security administrator.
Keys are wide enough to be comfortable.
Keys become values and vice versa.
Keys bind between an cleveland.
Keys bind between an superboy.
Keys come in pairs.
Keys come since no vegetables.
Keys consist of a series of choices that lead the user to the correct name of a given item.
Keys cook behind some polar auction.
Keys do have to be replaced from time to time.
Keys exist over A , B , and C .
Keys feature audible and tactile feedback.
Keys feel cheap.
Keys have (part) sections.
Keys have a color and shape virtually identical to that of popular wood framed keyboards.
Keys have a list of subkeys indexed by name.
Keys have limited lifetimes for a number of reasons.
Keys have positive tactile feel and are weatherproof.
Keys have specific purposes.
Keys have to be of type integer, string or object.
Keys have to be picked up before closing time.
Keys have to be unique within the table.
Keys make a pleasant clacking sound.
Keys mean power and authority.
Keys open doors.
Keys open the front door and other rooms in house.
Keys press the melody strings to sound different notes while other strings play drone notes.
Keys provide access to the resident s room and mailbox for each resident.
KEYS provide help, such as counseling, to refugee families.
Keys provide sound.
Keys range from one flat to two sharps.
Keys refer to passwords that make the transaction possible.
Keys remain safe with the car for customer pickup.
Keys represent exclusive dominion .
Keys require many bits, but the number of different key values is small.
Keys require very little effort and they provide a larger target area.
Keys reside on the server and are also stored in a database server.
Keys securely snap into place for optimum leverage.
Keys shock upon most quality yet feed Iran.
Keys speak for Identification without affecting computation in progress.
Keys stay with each car throughout the service process.
Keys vary from one flat to two sharps, with some lever changes.
All keys are back lite.
All keys are hand-forged.
All keys are lowercase.
All keys are non-transferable.
All keys are of cast brass.
All keys are programmable.
All keys are responsive.
All keys are somewhat interesting.
All keys are to be picked up and returned to our office.
All keys are to be returned at the conclusion of each semester.
All keys are to be returned to the same office as above pending reissue.
All keys are to be turned in at the end of each day.
All keys are user-programmable.
All keys are within easy reach when the cabinet is open.
All keys have a specific lifetime except the decryption private key, which never expires.
All keys have LED's to confirm key activation.
All keys listed are sub-keys except for the lowest level which are values.
All keys now generate commands.
All keys remain in the original locations.
All keys remain the property of the university.
All keys require a small deposit.
Any key can open any locked PC, creating a security hole.
Any key can speak a message or send a command to an environment control system .
Every key has a corresponding set of line numbers.
Every key has a function and every function has a key.
Every key has a group of chords common to it.
Every key holds the data as a list of strings.
Every key is calibrated separately with weights placed differently both in position and number.
Every key is equipped with an automatic repeat.
Every key is tested twice.
Every key produces a unique sound and visual effect.
Every key when activated strikes a string under specific tension to cause sound vibrations.
Many keys are dual- purpose, providing direct entry of voltage, current and protection values.
Many keys have three meanings and some have four.
Most keys are case-insensitive, such that both 'H' and 'h' have the same effect.
Most keys provide sound.
Most keys show Arabic letters as well.
Most keys take arbitrary strings, however some keywords require specific values.
Most keys use a combination of skin and skull features for separation of species.
Some keys are applicable only for files.
Some keys are color coded.
Some keys are more useful to have than others.
Some keys are pre-bound to builtin functions which can be overridden.
Some keys can generate more than two characters.
Some keys only make sense in the context when another particular key is also present.
Some keys start by identifying the part of the plant that is affected.
Many keyboard amps have a vocal mic input that sounds fairly good.
Keyboard controllers are ideal for computer labs because they are an extension of the computer.
All keyboard input is flushed until an input ring is established.
Any keyboard input is registered as the location of the cursor.
Every keyboard layout has a corresponding handle that identifies the layout and language.
All keyboard shortcuts are now fully customizable.
Some keyboard shortcuts are onerous.
Some keyboard shortcuts are usable in dialog text boxes.
Some keyboard shortcuts are very fast because they require pressing only one key.
Some keyboard shortcuts consist of more than one key.
Some keyboard trays have room for the device, while others can be attached.
A keyboard is a device
Keyboard isa device.
Keyboards are a pain to mix properly with a full band.
Keyboards are about eight times as long as the computer.
Keyboards are another.
Keyboards are available at most salvage stores.
Keyboards are available in class.
Keyboards are available.
Keyboards are colored to match CPU and monitor.
Keyboards are devices.
Keyboards are different.
Keyboards are dominant here, though a guitar solo kicks in towards the end.
Keyboards are fresh and airy.
Keyboards are great to lie down on.
Keyboards are holders.
Keyboards are impractical for small devices, and pointing and clicking has limited expressive power.
Keyboards are inherently personal things as well.
Keyboards are input devices.
Keyboards are located in desks.
Keyboards are located in desktops.
Keyboards are located in fingers.
Keyboards are located in internet cafes.
Keyboards are located in landfills.
Keyboards are located in music stores.
Keyboards are located in offices.
Keyboards are located in pianos.
Keyboards are located in schools.
Keyboards are made of plastic.
Keyboards are modular and can be positioned to suit operator preference.
Keyboards are now available for USB attachment.
Keyboards are part of computer systems.
Keyboards are part of computers.
Keyboards are part of organs.
Keyboards are part of pianos.
Keyboards are part of terminals.
Keyboards are part of typewriters.
Keyboards are present too, slickly slithering amid the rabid mix.
Keyboards are primitive ways to access information.
Keyboards are smaller than on a desktop.
Keyboards are something secondary.
Keyboards are the greatest variable between different manufacturers' workstations.
Keyboards are to be detached in order to allow positioning by the user. .
Keyboards are too distracting, too demanding of the user's attention.
Keyboards are used for coding.
Keyboards are used for communicating.
Keyboards are used for data entries.
Keyboards are used for types.
Keyboards are used for typing.
Keyboards are used for work.
Keyboards are usually light and portable.
Keyboards are very inexpensive.
Keyboards are well-built, but extensive gaming can ruin keys.
Keyboards become cybernetic architecture.
Keyboards begin sighing and squirting.
Keyboards can also stand to be cleaned.
Keyboards can be very stressful, as they are the most common interactive tool used with a computer.
Keyboards come in different configurations.
Keyboards come with hundreds of functions and tones to choose from.
Keyboards do have a distinct advantage in chromatic music, but that's a separate topic.
Keyboards dominate their music.
Keyboards get dirty real quick, too.
Keyboards get grungy.
Keyboards have (part) action mechanisms.
Keyboards have (part) sections.
Keyboards have a great affinity for liquid snacks.
Keyboards have keys.
Keyboards have tiny keys that take getting used to.
Keyboards have various configurations for the point of sale environment.
Keyboards make great paper weights.
Keyboards make wonderful clicking noises when they are banged on.
Keyboards now come in a range of ergonomic and functional designs.
Keyboards occasionally stop responding.
Keyboards only work for people who know the Roman alphabet.
Keyboards output an electronic signal.
Keyboards pose both lush and vague, keeping the listener soaring in trance.
Keyboards provide input to a computer, but the computer itself handles the date transactions.
Keyboards serve as an incentive.
Keyboards tend to be too noisy for meetings, classes, libraries, etc.
Keyboards typically generate asynchronous data.
Keyboards vary in styles and options, but they all are attached to the underside of the worksurface.
Keyboards wear out.
All keyboards are new and come with a full one-year warranty.
All keyboards come with a three-year warranty.
All keyboards have velocity and aftertouch sensitivity.
Every keyboard can access all characters in the font.
Every keyboard has a scroll key.
Many keyboards have neat special effects functions.
Many keyboards indicate the location of the 'C' key as shown in the figure.
Many keyboards still have the flip-down legs that change the rake, or tilt of the keyboard.
Most keyboards allow users to repeat a key just by holding it down.
Most keyboards come with hundreds of playing voices or digitally sampled musical instrument sounds.
Most keyboards come with special software that needs to be installed on the computer.
Most keyboards have cursor keys.
Most keyboards have legs under the back portion controlling the angle of the keyboard.
Most keyboards have springs to return keys to their original positions after they're struck.
Some keyboard shortcuts no longer work.
Some keyboards also have different key response sensitivity.
Some keyboards also have more keys.
Some keyboards are available to rent.
Some keyboards are part of computers.
Some keyboards are part of laptops.
Some keyboards are silent when keys are pressed, while others produce a clicking sound.
Some keyboards are velocity sensitive and can detect how hard a key was struck.
Some keyboards combine sequencing functions with built-in sounds.
Some keyboards contain additional control keys.
Some keyboards even have a little LED on the caps lock key itself.
Some keyboards even have noise gates built in to the output stages.
Some keyboards even incorporate a single-sheet scanner .
Some keyboards have a remapping capability built in.
Keyboarding classes are in session in both before school and after school.
Keyboarding skills are a definite advantage during the class.
Keyboarding skills are a definite asset.
Keyboarding skills are a definite help during the class.
Keyboarding skills are a prerequisite.
Keyboarding skills are a welcome addition to skills brought to the class.
Keyboarding skills are adequate.
Keyboarding skills are an asset.
Keyboarding skills are beneficial.
Keyboarding skills are desirable.
Keyboarding skills are essential and prior computer experience is desirable.
Keyboarding skills are essential in todays world.
Keyboarding skills are helpful.
Keyboarding skills are necessary to produce accurate personal documents in the least possible time.
Keyboarding skills are necessary.
A keyboardist is a musician
Keyboardists especially welcome.
Some keyboardists only play lead lines.
Keyes also looks at heroic parents, and provides practical wisdom for fractured families.
Keyes also supports school prayer and teaching moral values in schools.
Keyes can be amusing.
Keyes certainly does no worse than the other two candidates.
Keyes guides the newly deceased to a magnificent nightclub in the sky.
Keyes speaks like an uncompromising philosopher king.
Keyes strongly opposes recognition of same-sex relationships as marriages.
Keyes supporter to go to the caucus, cast their ballots and run for delegate.
Keyes usually takes positions that are opposed by the environmental community.
Keyed information is available for members only.
Keyed lid maintains proper orientation.
Keyed mailboxes are available at the unit entrance.
Keyed tenons provide the only ornament.
A keyhole is a hole
Keyhole isa artifact.
Keyholes have (part) sections.
Keyholes stretch like provocative lips.
Some keyholes are part of doors.
Some keyholes are part of drawers.
Some keyholes are part of gates.
Some keyholes are part of latches.
Some keyholes are part of skylights.
Some keyholes are part of tailgates.
Some keyholes are part of windows.
Keyings are governors.
Keyings are ships.
Keyline design is a technique for maximizing beneficial use of water resources of a piece of land.
Keynesian reflation is wrong only inasmuch as it is inadequate.
Keynote speakers are leaders in their fields.
A keynote is an idea
Keynotes are also available as breakout sessions.
Keynotes are entertaining and thought-provoking.
Keynotes are highly entertaining and thought-provoking.
Keynotes are highly entertaining.
Keynotes are ideas.
Keynotes are open to all registered attendees.
Keynotes are presentations on major themes and issues in archaeology today.
Keynotes are software.
Keynotes are subjects.
Keynotes are vibrant, practical, provocative, and fun.
Keynotes bring a broad perspective to industry-wide issues and market trends.
Keynotes Come hear industry luminaries discuss how XML is shaping the future of web development.
Keynotes usually run from twenty to ninety minutes.
All keynotes are open to every attendee.
Every keynote is customized for the specific needs of the client.
A keypad is a keyboard
A keypad is an input device
Keypads are a way to keep using metal keys-keypads add to the security.
Keypads are either black or transparent depending on availability.
Keypads are input devices.
Keypads are located in phones.
Keypads are pads.
Keypads are part of phones.
Keypads capture the interest of a participant before the first question is asked.
Keypads communicate with lamps and switches over radio-frequency airwaves.
Keypads operate independently of each other, and keypad addresses are programmable.
Keypads operate independently of each other, and keypad addresses are user programmable.
Keypads use a numeric pad, similar to that of a telephone.
Keypads use push buttons similar to what a touch tone phone looks like.
Keypads usually group number keys together or provide command function keys.
Every keypad includes panic buttons for medical, fire or panic alarm activation.
Keystone species are critically important to others in the community.
Keystone species are important in regulating ecosystems.
Keystone species help maintain ecosystem stability.
Keystone species support the stability of the ecosystem mainly in three ways.
A keystone is a building block
Keystone provides third party fulfillment, logistics and e-care to online retailers.
Keystones are building blocks.
Keystones are part of archs.
Keystones are stones.
Keystones are usually step cut.
Keystones cap the windows.
A keystroke is a stroke
Keystrokes allow the user to enlarge or reduce screen magnification on the fly.
Keystrokes appear as screen text after typing any of the following commands.
Keystrokes appear on a four-line LCD display.
Keystrokes are always single characters.
All keystrokes refer to keys on the keypad.
Any keystroke also stops playback.
Every keystroke causes the illumination of a new letter.
Every keystroke takes time and effort and the goal is efficiency and accuracy.
Many keystrokes produce joins on both sides, and are thus listed in several categories.
Keyswitch plate includes green and red indicator lights.
KFOR soldiers are impartial.
KFOR soldiers are in Kosovo to keep the peace.
KFOR soldiers continue in their efforts to improve the welfare of all the people in Kosovo.
KFOR troops drive by.
Kg isa unit.
Kgs have (part) decagrams.
Kgautswane residents have modest expectations of life.
Khaki weed is a creeping perennial spreading vegetatively and by seed.
Khaki weed is a prostrate spreading plant with trailing red-purple stems covered with short hairs.
A khaki is cloth
Khaki also hides the dust and dirt.
Khaki can be an attractive color.
Khaki is a color, but is now synonymous with a military twill pant.
Khaki is a golden sweetheart.
Khaki is also important.
Khaki is best.
Khaki is still bitter about the outcome.
Khaki is still huge, both in short and longer shorts, and for both men and women, experts say.
Khaki is stylish even from a distance.
Khaki shirts only with khaki work uniforms.
Khakis are colour.
Khakis are fabric.
A khan is a ruler
Khan isa individual.
Khan isa person.
Khan isa somebody.
Khan isa someone.
Khans have (part) arms.
Khans have (part) body substances.
Khans have (part) cell membranes.
Khans have (part) cells.
Khans have (part) corpi.
Khans have (part) cytoplasm.
Khans have (part) heads.
Khans have (part) human bodies.
Khans have (part) legs.
Khans have (part) material bodies.
Khans have (part) necks.
Khans have (part) nuclei.
Khans have (part) personality.
Khans have (part) plasma membranes.
Khans have (part) sections.
Khans have (part) vacuoles.
Khans lose ties on the free test.
Some khans drink water.
Some khans lead armies.
Some khans organize armies.
Kharkov region is situated in the north-eastern part of Ukraine.
Kharkov today is an interesting mixture of old and new, East and West.
Khmer people are shy but affectionate to one another and have a small personal space.
Most Khwarezmian texts are from the post-Islamic period.
Kiang eats different kind of grasses, shrubs and roots.
Kiang has big head and blunt muzzle.
Kiang has dark brown mane.
Kiang isa ass.
Kiang reach sexual maturity at two years of age.
Kiangs drink water.
Kiangs have (part) brains.
Kiangs have (part) breasts.
Kiangs have (part) cannon bones.
Kiangs have (part) cell membranes.
Kiangs have (part) cells.
Kiangs have (part) chest cavities.
Kiangs have (part) chests.
Kiangs have (part) corpi.
Kiangs have (part) cytoplasm.
Kiangs have (part) ears.
Kiangs have (part) faces.
Kiangs have (part) heads.
Kiangs have (part) hip sockets.
Kiangs have (part) hoofs.
Kiangs have (part) nuclei.
Kiangs have (part) piluses.
Kiangs have (part) plasma membranes.
Kiangs have (part) rib cages.
Kiangs have (part) sections.
Kiangs have (part) skulls.
Kiangs have (part) sterna.
Kiangs have (part) vacuoles.
Kiangs have big heads.
Kiangs have heads.
Most kiangs drink water.
Most kiangs have big heads.
Most kiangs have heads.
Some kiangs feed on grass.
Some kiangs occur in adjacent areas.
Some kiangs occur in areas.
Some kiangs occur in regions.
Some kiangs reach maturity.
Some kiangs reach sexual maturity.
Kibbutz isa organization.
A kibbutznik is a member
Kibbutzniks also raise livestock, such as cows, chickens, turkey, and even fish.
Many kick scooter have a brake like a bicycle brake.
Many kick scooters use a rear friction brake instead of hand brakes on the handlebars.
Kick is a blow
Kick is blows.
Kick is motion.
Kick is stimulation.
Kicks are dynamic movements.
Kicks are for Trids.
Kicks are of primary importance.
Kicks are short and normally directed towards the opponents groin or abdomen.
Kicks ass from start to finish, excpet for a few minor blemishes.
Kicks ass, takes names.
Kicks can damage the buttons.
Kicks come before people.
Kicks knees hips.
Kicks locomotives off track.
Kicks locomotives off tracks.
Kicks stays with the same dreamy, world-beat premise, but is a slightly funkier affair.
Kicks There are several different kicks used in basement ball which make tricks more interesting.
Kicks utilize the point of the foot.
All kicks are indirect.
All kicks are middle or high section.
Every kick counts.
Every kick gets the same comment.
Every kick is big.
Every kick is different because of the situation.
Every kick's a boost.
A kickback is a bribe
Kickbacks are bribes.
Kickbacks are technically illegal in every country.
Kickbacks are the crack cocaine of the travel industry.
Kickbacks are the norm in several sectors.
Kickbacks often result in medically unnecessary treatment.
Most kickbacks occur during limbing, the process of removing branches from a felled tree.
Kicked atoms are with increasing length of the kick less and less dependent from each other.
Kicked balls tend to bounce and do funny things and are harder to deal with than rolled balls.
A kicker is a football player
Kickers add absolutely no value to a video poker hand.
Kickers are a late priority.
Kickers are all pretty even and teams are very unpredictable.
Kickers are available with four kinds of legs.
Kickers are extremely valuable to football teams.
Kickers are football players.
Kickers are magazines.
Kickers are often their own island on a football team.
Kickers are so important now.
Kickers are software.
Kickers can kick up as well as out.
Kickers clinch home field advantage for first round of playoffs.
Kickers deflect clippings back into the blade to be recut into tiny particles.
Kickers deflect clippings back into the streamlined precision blade to be recut into tiny particles.
Kickers get ready to host Montreal.
Kickers have loads of rebound and new quick release rear buckles.
Kickers have to be able to be the hero as well as being blamed for a loss.
Kickers have to have a bad memory.
Kickers miss field goals.
Kickers normally perform well when their offenses have good games.
Kickers only kick field goals, thereby lowering the value of kickers.
Many kickers also play another position.
Many kickers insist on being left alone on the sidelines as they get ready for a crucial attempt.
Most kickers go the free agent route.
Some kickers have better years than others for whatever reason.
Kickoff meetings help the team to gel.
Kickoff is a beginning
Kickoff is beginnings.
Kickoff is starts.
Kickoffs also occur after every score.
Kickoffs are a plus.
Kickoffs are from the goal line.
Kickoffs are indirect kicks.
Kickoffs are such a dangerous play the way they matchup sometimes.
Kickoffs start from the kicking team's goal line.
Kickoffs usually are easier to gauge in terms of distance and direction.
All kickoffs are direct.
A kickstand is a rod
Kickstands are upended and the crowd begins to move.
Kid actors lie.
Kid books are better than grownup books, because kid books have to be interesting on every page.
Kid Carpet Get Enter to Win a Free Kids Rug.
Kid Rock comes out of the Detroit tradition of flamboyant rockers.
Kid Rock does an excellent job of ruining things as the jealous boy in town.
Kid Rock does.
Kid Rock is a crackup.
Kid Rock is a devil without a cause.
Kid Rock is a hack.
Kid Rock is a supporter of people in the United States Military .
Kid Rock is a supporter of people in the United States Military.
Kid Rock is just an ugly no talent pansy.
Kid Rock is neither an adept, clever rapper nor rebellious rock 'n' roll white trash.
Kid Rock is one bad dude.
Kid Rock is the musical guest.
Kid Rock keeps it real, too.
Kid Rock swears off groupies.
Kid stuff is so damn cute, it's an instant spirit booster.
Some kid stuff has a reverse effect.
A kid is a person
Kid are much more simple in their approach to life.
Kid are our mission.
Kid beats cancer.
Kid believe that death means falling down, getting back up, and resuming play.
Kid can click and drag on the map to pan.
Kid can play with power.
Kid catches ball.
Kid comes home from school, no time to mellow out, has to rush to get homework done before leaving.
Kid Comes West.
Kid Explorers Locate the words about the return of Jesus.
Kid flips out and shoots and kills teacher over suspension.
Kid introduces one of the liveliest poetic voices to have emerged in the last ten years.
Kid is home alone.
Kid is no dummy.
Kid is now the richest kid in the world.
Kid isa individual.
Kid isa person.
Kid isa somebody.
Kid isa someone.
Kid lives in a trailer with no walls.
Kid love it to.
Kid misses fly ball, dad blames the ump.
Kid plays high school ball and hopes to be recruited by a college.
Kid rolls out of the ring for a breather.
Kid skips school.
Kids absolutely love the Top Shot goalie machine.
Kids absolutely love to play with and crawl all over their new giant friend .
Kids absolutely love using it.
Kids abuse all kinds of things, from alcohol to glue to gasoline fumes.
Kids acquire a basic vocabulary and begin to learn how to talk about the their learning in the arts.
Kids acquire chances.
Kids act like babies one day, grown-ups the next.
Kids act out their feelings.
Kids act out what they see.
Kids act the same way when a teacher appears on the playground.
Kids activate the activities by pressing on any of the control buttons.
Kids actively participate in a hands on discovery of science.
Kids actively take on mathematical challenges.
Kids actually contribute to the spread of it at summer camps and they share it as a true story.
Kids actually get to dig with the professionals on the hill during the two-day events.
Kids actually go to the glaciers to do real hands on, dirty, get wet and cold science.
Kids actually have more fun if they have some good discipline in place.
Kids actually look forward to getting braces.
Kids actually make the characters jump in rhythm, and see how far they can go.
Kids actually reach physical maturity earlier than ever before.
Kids actually tend to grow a bit faster in the spring than during other times of the year.
Kids actually use geographic skill and knowledge to make decision and solve problems.
Kids adapt and they're resilient.
Kids adjust a whole lot better than adults anyway.
Kids adore having a guest, but they also absorb the volunteers' simple delight in the written word.
Kids advance at their own pace through progressive drills.
Kids age six to ten are most likely to be afraid or depressed after watching the news.
Kids ages four and under ski free.
Kids ages six to sixteen set the pace with a dazzling performance.
Kids agree, the build a prairie page is a way cool interactive feature.
Kids Allows parents to set exactly which web sites the kids can visit.
Kids already feel caught in the middle.
Kids already have enough access at school.
Kids already have it.
Kids already know how to get in trouble anyway.
Kids already know the products.
Kids already spend gobs of time online.
Kids also admire firefighters.
Kids also adopt their parents attitudes.
Kids also are curious about textures, foods and smells.
Kids also benefit from our free transportation vans.
Kids also can also add paragraphs to a collaborative, ongoing story.
Kids also can earn a profit selling environmentally friendly products.
Kids also can fill out a career discovery worksheet and find out more about vocational schools.
Kids also can get a deal on their lift tickets when staying at certain properties.
Kids also can go on the scavenger hunt in the museum gallery.
Kids also can have their pictures taken while sitting on a donkey.
Kids also can help turn the soil with a shovel, rake leaves and harvest fall vegetables.
Kids also can receive a series of Brand s posters when all courses are completed.
Kids also can watch themselves put on a puppet show on a TV monitor.
Kids also collaborate on creative writing projects and interactive math lessons.
Kids also come up with funny ways to wear regular socks.
Kids also complete community projects throughout the year.
Kids also complete community service projects throughout the year.
Kids also create branches to one another's essays about the same neighborhood.
Kids also develop fewer complications than adults.
Kids also encounter bugs a lot.
Kids also enjoy banding demonstrations.
Kids also enjoy coloring booklets.
Kids also enjoy having a bit of their own money to spend on vacation.
Kids also enjoy mixing several types of ready to eat cereals together for a snack.
Kids also enjoy using disposable cameras just as much as grown-up guests.
Kids also enjoy watching the goldfish in the pond.
Kids also enter their favorite color and pet, as well as their birthdate.
Kids also fail to completely understand the permanence of suicide.
Kids also get a bang out of an electrical light-up map illustrating the bombardment.
Kids also get a free monthly newsletter about horses and upcoming kids events.
Kids also get a goody bag of surprises.
Kids also get a nice a dose of classic art.
Kids also get booze from their parents' liquor cabinets, older siblings and friends.
Kids also get chocolate coins and other small gifts.
Kids also get homework over summer and winter vacations .
Kids also get lessons in teamwork, mathematics, and physics as part of the program.
Kids also get sex spam daily.
Kids also get the chance to work on computer-animation programs here.
Kids also get to make baskets, puppets and musical instruments and do other fun hands-on stuff.
Kids also get to run the bases after the game.
Kids also give science fairs mixed grades.
Kids also go on a dinosaur dig and witness mighty battles as dinosaurs clash and bash.
Kids also go through many changes and learn many things in the first few years of their life.
Kids also happen to love video games.
Kids also has other problems.
Kids also have a hard time adjusting to the logistics of parental separation.
Kids also have a lot of fears that come from being small in a world of large and powerful things.
Kids also have a place to go to get fire and life safety information from all across the country.
Kids also have a snack time and nap period as well as recreation activities on the playground.
Kids also have access to a computer and a variety of great educational software titles.
Kids also have access to games and exercises that spark entrepreneurial drive.
Kids also have an opportunity to tape their own program.
Kids also have to be stable and be able to function in the wilderness environment.
Kids also have trouble developing a strategy.
Kids also hitchhike in several instances, and are basically runaways.
Kids also learn about how films, television and the internet can shape how they look at the world.
Kids also learn about insects with hands-on activities.
Kids also learn about secret codes cryptography and how secret codes are used in real life.
Kids also learn about secret messages and how secret codes are used in real life.
Kids also learn at their own pace.
Kids also learn by what they see their parents doing.
Kids also learn how their body works and how to have fun exercising and eating right.
Kids also learn important tips to remain safe and healthy.
Kids also learn respect for the natural environment.
Kids also learn responsibility by feeding and caring for a cat's routine needs.
Kids also learn responsibility by feeding and caring for a dog's routine needs.
Kids also learn social skills like sharing, helping and cooperation.
Kids also learn the alphabet by finding missing letters and counting skills in a zany bowling game.
Kids also learn to visualize how two dimensional shapes become three dimensional shapes.
Kids also learn what the ski resort does to be environmentally conscious.
Kids also learn where the foods come from and which foods are in their same food group.
Kids also like to add some pineapple to the skewers in place of the mushrooms.
Kids also like to go to the skate park in Vista.
Kids also like to mouth toys and objects.
Kids also love stickers.
Kids also love the delightful postcard kit to write notes from camp, vacation or from home.
Kids also love the reusable box for storing special teasures.
Kids also love to argue over politics.
Kids also love to know that their parents are having fun.
Kids also love to make a difference in other peoples' lives.
Kids also maintain a home page which has pointers to most of the things the kids have put up.
Kids also pick on each other out of boredom.
Kids also pool ideas to come up with new suggestions and thoughts.
Kids also practice emergency rescue breathing on training mannequins.
Kids also push and shove and break in line to get in the front of the lunch line.
Kids also start to reserve lunch seats for friends.
Kids also stay free.
Kids also tend to shuck things without warning.
Kids answer math and win prizes.
Kids answer online and they can click to see what other kids had to say, too.
Kids appear always to be on the phone talking with friends, arranging dates, planning parties.
Kids apply what they have learned to their personal lives, families, and communities.
Kids apply, submit references and do the job interview.
Kids appreciate honesty.
Kids appreciate the honesty of athletes having hard times.
Kids appreciate the physical comedy while the adult humor passes right over their heads.
Kids approach life from their perspective.
Kids are a big part of our life and ministry.
Kids are a common sight.
Kids are a great place to start.
Kids are a great source of inspiration.
Kids are a high maintenance item, but they are truly a blessing.
Kids are a joy, but at times an expensive joy.
Kids are a little more resilient.
Kids are a look into the world's future.
Kids are a lot better off with a loving parent, no matter where.
Kids are a lot different today.
Kids are a lot easier to cut out.
Kids are a lot of fun when they are young, but are also a lot of work when they are young.
Kids are a lot of fun, and that's got nothing whatsoever to do with having a disability.
Kids are a lot of fun.
Kids are a major pollutant in most American homes.
Kids are a much more appreciative audience.
Kids are a 'no-no' around machinery.
Kids are a pain in the butt here.
Kids are a priority and deserving of police officer s time.
Kids are a priority and deserving of police officer time.
Kids are a product of their environment.
Kids are a real tonic.
Kids are a tough audience, more critical in a sense than adults.
Kids are a tough crowd.
Kids are a wonderful gift and a full time, lifetime responsibility.
Kids are able to build their own structure for testing on the shake table.
Kids are able to create numerous onscreen works, including cards they can email to friends.
Kids are able to pick up on the tension and stress that the adults are experiencing.
Kids are able to post their curriculum based material.
Kids are able to stand after just one hour and begin following their mothers on their second day.
Kids are able to track how many people have read their stories.
Kids are able to use art to work through a lot of their emotions.
Kids are able to webmaster their own Internet space.
Kids are ablet o type in a question using plain English and get a relevant answer the first time.
Kids are absolutely welcome.
Kids are active and often sweat all over their bodies.
Kids are active, out on the mountain and riding the chairlift.
Kids are active, they're hard on their lenses, and they're very self-conscious about their looks.
Kids are active.
Kids are actually excited about attending school during the summer.
Kids are actually very good at figuring out solutions to problems when given options.
Kids are acutely aware of their bodies.
Kids are acutely aware when something is wrong.
Kids are adaptable and have innate movement patterns that work perfectly with the new designs.
Kids are adrift without it, unless another ritual replaces it.
Kids are afraid of masks, so only use makeup on their faces.
Kids are afraid someone else is getting more.
Kids are afraid to go to school for fear of being killed.
Kids are again in school.
Kids are albums.
Kids are all about things being fair.
Kids are all different, and cookbook medicine has no place.
Kids are all differnt, but they are all special in their own way.
Kids are all good.
Kids are all instinct and intensity.
Kids are all online.
Kids are allow to approximate writing.
Kids are already addicted to games.
Kids are already interested in the wacky author-protection environment.
Kids are Alright.
Kids are also afraid to report it.
Kids are also aware of the effects of consumerism.
Kids are also likely to be safer around guns in Maryland.
Kids are also prey for golden eagles, which prey at heights difficult for most predators.
Kids are also sources of both wit and wisdom.
Kids are also very creative when they get thirsty.
Kids are always amazed by it.
Kids are always better shoppers when they are aware of how much of their money they are spending.
Kids are always excited about everything.
Kids are always extreme, experiential, and eccentric.
Kids are always fine.
Kids are always hungry, it seems.
Kids are always interested in inventions.
Kids are always into the latest fad what s new and different.
Kids are always on the lookout for penpals.
Kids are always safer traveling in numbers.
Kids are always safest in the back seat.
Kids are always so tactful.
Kids are always supervised in or near water.
Kids are always the losers in divorce.
Kids are always the same and they re afraid of the same things.
Kids are always welcome at our meetings.
Kids are always welcome, and refreshments are available.
Kids are always welcome, unless stated.
Kids are always welcome.
Kids are amazed.
Kids are amazing.
Kids are amazingly resilient.
Kids are among the most idealistic of beings.
Kids are an important market in the Internet world.
Kids are an integral, important and beloved part of synagogue life.
Kids are another remarkable aspect of longhouse life.
Kids are anxious to play in the puddles, as mothers are busy making hot cocoa.
Kids are apprentice consumers.
Kids are apt to keep their feelings from adults.
Kids are asked to trace the name and then write a sentence about what a baker does.
Kids are asked to trace the name and then write a sentence about what a fireman does.
Kids are asked to trace the name and then write a sentence about what a musician does.
Kids are at high risk in close contact situations, like school, day care or camp.
Kids are at higher risk when exposed to unsafe food.
Kids are at risk wherever they live.
Kids are at special risk around traffic.
Kids are at war with society.
Kids are awesome.
Kids are awkward.
Kids are back in school and winter visitors have yet to appear.
Kids are back in school, and so are the presidential candidates.
Kids are back in school.
Kids are back playing in the park.
Kids are beside themselves with excitement over it.
Kids are better at it than adults.
Kids are better off getting on a diet program.
Kids are better seers than listeners.
Kids are better young men for staying involved in wrestling.
Kids are big part of every Cuban celebration.
Kids are bonkers for pizza, too, and for video games.
Kids are bored and have nothing to do.
Kids are bored with traditional media.
Kids are bored, schools are under funded, and teachers are threatened.
Kids are bored.
Kids are born ritualists, so let's take advantage of that condition.
Kids are born with no natural protection from disease.
Kids are born with virtually no immune system.
Kids are bright.
Kids are brilliant, even if they know nothing about computer science.
Kids are busier than ever.
Kids are capable of open doors.
Kids are certain to find plenty to do.
Kids are certainly important meal preparation partners.
Kids are children.
Kids are clean, watching TV, time to relax.
Kids are clever beings and can usually spot a bad person quickly.
Kids are cliquish.
Kids are closest to a parent s heart on New Year eve.
Kids are comfortable with structure.
Kids are concerned about it and want to talk about it in a thoughtful manner with adults.
Kids are concerned about it at some level.
Kids are concerned.
Kids are constantly active.
Kids are content to spend hours in the play area with the animals, jungle gym and sandbox.
Kids are costly.
Kids are courageous.
Kids are crazy about computers.
Kids are crazy about dinosaurs.
Kids are creative, and the way they dress is one way they express themselves.
Kids are creatures of habit too.
Kids are cruel, and being teased is considered by many a normal part of growing up.
Kids are cruel, though.
Kids are cruel.
Kids are curious about how language works.
Kids are curious about whipping posts and sun dials.
Kids are curious, even fascinated by the stuff.
Kids are curious, they love to explore and they love to dig.
Kids are curious.
Kids are current.
Kids are cute, babies are cute, puppies are cute.
Kids are definitely a learning experience.
Kids are different.
Kids are dill-lighted with cool, refreshing pickle pops.
Kids are disappointed.
Kids are dreamers, schemers and doers.
Kids are early maturers and can be bred at an earlier age.
Kids are easier.
Kids are easily distracted and forget about safety.
Kids are easy prey.
Kids are easy targets for colorful store displays.
Kids are easy.
Kids are embarrassed more by their parents' reactions than the news accounts.
Kids are encouraged to make a commitment to their dog and to be responsible owners.
Kids are enthusiastic about learning how to use new information and communication technologies.
Kids are especially good at coring, washing and peeling fruits and vegetables.
Kids are especially happy when they play sports.
Kids are especially susceptible to harm from air pollution.
Kids are especially welcome at the show.
Kids are even heartier.
Kids are everywhere, making hoot-hoot noises and shoving each other in.
Kids are everywhere.
Kids are excited to learn to read.
Kids are excited, they're enthusiastic and full of seemingly endless energy.
Kids are excited.
Kids are expensive to care for.
Kids are expensive.
Kids are experts at sidetracking.
Kids are extremely resilient, in both organ function and spirit.
Kids are extremely well-informed about the hazards of tobacco.
Kids are familiar with the pasture and know where to water and rest.
Kids are fast.
Kids are fearless.
Kids are fickle.
Kids are fine.
Kids are five steps ahead of parents.
Kids are flexible, though.
Kids are free in the same room.
Kids are free to honestly express their own views.
Kids are free to put down their books and grab their gloves, sleds or skates.
Kids are free while painting.
Kids are free with a paying adult.
Kids are free, without the heavy influence.
Kids are free.
Kids are fresh and new.
Kids are full of questions, and parents and grandparents are supposed to have all the answers.
Kids are fun to watch in waiting rooms.
Kids are fun.
Kids Are Funny .
Kids are funny that way.
Kids are funny.
Kids are gardeners too.
Kids are generally interested in the here and now, so that's the best way to introduce the subject.
Kids are goats.
Kids are goats.
Kids are gone, both adults work long hours and are always on the go.
Kids are good actors.
Kids are good as gone.
Kids are good at bugging parents until they give in.
Kids are good that way.
Kids are good, as are older people.
Kids Are Grand .
Kids are great about it.
Kids are great at gathering materials and keeping an eye on the hotel.
Kids are great at ridesharing.
Kids are great at spotting dogs.
Kids are great critics.
Kids are great examples of how to run.
Kids are great imitators.
Kids are great learners.
Kids are great problem solvers.
Kids are great to work with.
Kids are great, works work, life s fine.
Kids are great.
Kids are group by age and ability.
Kids are half price.
Kids are half-price and refreshments are available.
Kids are happier when they feel their opinions are valued.
Kids are happier.
Kids are happiness.
Kids are happy if all their clothes are piled in a mountain in the corner of the bedroom.
Kids are happy to have the warmth and security of the home and family.
Kids are hard on a world.
Kids are hard on canes.
Kids are hemmed up on walls, backed into corners and thrown into trash cans.
Kids are here all the time.
Kids are here.
Kids are highly networked, compared to adults.
Kids are hipper now.
Kids are home each night.
Kids are home or guests have arrived.
Kids are homeless and no food to eat.
Kids are hot.
Kids are human beings and are our future.
Kids are human beings.
Kids are hungry at the end of the school day.
Kids are hungry for direction on how to take care of themselves economically.
Kids are hustled here and there, so it's hard to find friends who have time.
Kids are hyper and then they crash.
Kids are immature and sometimes cruel.
Kids are important in family-friendly Jacksonville.
Kids are important.
Kids are impressionable.
Kids are in a bind.
Kids are in a hurry to grow up while adults reminisce about their youth.
Kids are in abundance.
Kids are in limbo until they know where they belong.
Kids are in lousy shape.
Kids are in love with the drama exercises and theater improvisations taught in the program.
Kids are in much more contact with other kids.
Kids are in perpetual motion.
Kids are in school, football is under way.
Kids are in such different circumstances and start in different places.
Kids are in the building.
Kids are in the driver's seat.
Kids are in the game, too.
Kids are in the middle of winter break, and they usually help out with the chores.
Kids are in their classes learning and teachers are teaching.
Kids are in uniform, and they respond to the bell.
Kids are incompetent when it comes to traffic.
Kids are innocent for such a short length of time.
Kids are innocent, honest, full of wonder, joyous, unpretentious, curious, and funny.
Kids are innocent.
Kids are interested in discussing the sports they play.
Kids are interested in health .
Kids are interested in it now.
Kids are interested in sports and celebrities and things like that, too.
Kids are interested in the Internet.
Kids are interested.
Kids are interesting.
Kids are into computers.
Kids are into everything.
Kids are into games, the Internet, printing cards and other memory and graphics intensive things.
Kids are into music again.
Kids are into sports like crazy.
Kids are into that.
Kids are inventive, and can often figure it out.
Kids are invincible.
Kids are jealous of each other.
Kids are just as guilty for accepting the cash.
Kids are just as interested in meeting new people and friends as adults are.
Kids are just fun to be around.
Kids are just great.
Kids are just interested in cause and effect.
Kids are just kids.
Kids are just like adults, no two are alike.
Kids are just like the weather.
Kids are just mean.
Kids are just more price sensitive.
Kids are just prone to excessive key tapping.
Kids are just silly.
Kids are just so different nowadays.
Kids are just so independent and they want everything now.
Kids are keen.
Kids are keenly aware of all the inconsistencies that accompany their moves toward independence.
Kids are kids all over the world.
Kids are kids and have the same needs.
Kids are kids and skunks are skunks.
Kids are kids and the Internet knows no boundaries.
Kids are kids and they are unpredictable.
Kids are kids and when the ball is up in the air anything is likely to happen.
Kids are kids anywhere.
Kids are kids are kids are kids.
Kids are kids in Canada.
Kids are kids in elementary school.
Kids are kids no matter where they are.
Kids are kids no matter where they go to school.
Kids are kids the whole world round.
Kids are kids wherever one goes.
Kids are kids, and kids are vicious, nasty little creatures.
Kids are kids, and many youngsters are simply enjoying the snow and sunshine.
Kids are kids, no matter what the country.
Kids are kids, no matter what their situation.
Kids are kids.
Kids are lazy.
Kids are learning to use language, that's their job, but it's a complicated thing.
Kids are leathers.
Kids are less apt to throw trash out of their cars windows.
Kids are less committed to the church.
Kids are less disruptive, passive, and withdrawn.
Kids are liable to enjoy practicing on a whistle, because they can get immediate results.
Kids are like adults in that they tend to choose their friends based on shared hobbies.
Kids are like big people only smaller, and they can be trained to do anything.
Kids are like espionage agents.
Kids are like fish.
Kids are like flowers . . .
Kids are like magnets to the wrong place at the wrong time.
Kids are like radioactive isotopes.
Kids are like sponges at that age.
Kids are like sponges for the first seven years of their life.
Kids are like that too.
Kids are like that, of course.
Kids are like that.
Kids are lined up to borrow it.
Kids are literal, very clear in their thinking, and absorb like a sponge.
Kids are located in airports.
Kids are located in homes.
Kids are located in movies.
Kids are located in parks.
Kids are located in schools.
Kids are located in swimming pools.
Kids are located in toy stores.
Kids are lousy liars.
Kids are lucky.
Kids are mad when they go to school today after leaving a dysfunctional family lifestyle at home.
Kids are masters at asking.
Kids are masters at misinterpretation.
Kids are masters of loopholes.
Kids are mean.
Kids are merely an unpleasant interruption, an interference.
Kids are messy, sloppy, and clumsy.
Kids are messy.
Kids are more active.
Kids are more basic today.
Kids are more comfortable, more relaxed in that setting.
Kids are more cruel than any other species of animal, since they tell the truth.
Kids are more eager to learn.
Kids are more flexible.
Kids are more fun than fame.
Kids are more interested in just playing.
Kids are more interested in the story being told.
Kids are more involved in the learning process.
Kids are more likely to accept recommendations from their peers.
Kids are more likely to eat foods they help pick out and prepare.
Kids are more likely to eat raw vegetables if accompanied by a dip.
Kids are more likely to eat what they prepare.
Kids are more likely to follow instructions if they like their doctor.
Kids are more likely to go with lighter weight fabrics for comfort.
Kids are more likely to have asthma and infections when they are constantly around smokers.
Kids are more likely, when they hear threats, to go to a trusted adult.
Kids are more maniac in Berkeley than anywhere else in America.
Kids are more motivated to write to dead monarchs than to take a test.
Kids are more open to new ideas and new ways of doing things.
Kids are more prone to colds, infections and allergies, all of which contribute to nosebleeds.
Kids are more rested, less moody.
Kids are more than welcome as long as they are supervised at all times.
Kids are more than welcome in the fun pub or rustic dining room.
Kids are more than welcome.
Kids are more trusting and na ve than adults and are more likely to share information on-line.
Kids are more vulnerable than adults.
Kids are more vulnerable to air pollution than adults because their airways are smaller.
Kids are most likely to get in trouble because of lack of supervision than anything else.
Kids are most likely to repeat the behaviors that get the most positive feedback.
Kids are most loyal to products and brands they have a personal relationship with.
Kids are most open when they're side by side with parents, doing an activity together.
Kids are motivated.
Kids are much better at believing in angels, and other so called imaginary creatures, than grownups.
Kids are much better off eating fruit than drinking juice.
Kids are much easier without deadlines.
Kids are much more apt to take writing seriously if their teacher is doing it.
Kids are much more frisky than their parents.
Kids are much more into fashion at a younger age.
Kids are much more likely to eat apples or oranges that have been cut into wedges.
Kids are much more likely to put away their bikes and sports equipment if the shed is close by.
Kids are natural climbers and really enjoy rock climbing.
Kids are natural climbers, always ready to tackle the next challenge.
Kids are natural entrepreneurs.
Kids are natural players.
Kids are natural scientists.
Kids are natural-born writers.
Kids are naturally competitive when it comes to sports.
Kids are naturally curious and fascinated with guns.
Kids are naturally curious and happy to be engaged in some new activity.
Kids are naturally curious and like to watch or want to ride equipment.
Kids are naturally curious.
Kids are naturally enthusiastic.
Kids are naturally good scientists.
Kids are naturally inquisitive and have a tireless hunger for knowledge.
Kids are naturally social creatures who love to pass notes and talk on the phone.
Kids are naturally suspicious of food mixtures, preferring plain foods kept separate.
Kids are naturals on the river.
Kids are naturals when it comes to technology, especially interactive technology.
Kids are never to young to dream about becoming a champion.
Kids are never too old to have a set of class rules.
Kids are never too young to learn about swimming safely.
Kids are never too young to learn the concept of charity.
Kids are never too young to take out boating.
Kids are no different than adults.
Kids are no different.
Kids are no exception.
Kids are no longer afraid of their parents.
Kids are no longer interested in simple animation, and educational games.
Kids are nothing more than an unwitting tool to make adults a lot of money.
Kids are notorious for noticing everything, and are usually quite vocal about it.
Kids are notorious for running infront of swings and getting kicked in the head.
Kids are notoriously ambivalent themselves.
Kids are now here on time.
Kids are now limited to playing for non-cash prizes.
Kids are now way too big for it.
Kids are off on a thrilling journey where math is the key to completing their adventure .
Kids are offsprings.
Kids are often harsh and judgmental.
Kids are often home alone between the end of the school day and when their parents come home.
Kids are often painfully aware that their oral reading is being scrutinized.
Kids are often reluctant to suckle but can swallow.
Kids are often willing to accept ideas that adults refuse to think about.
Kids are OK if they re in good condition.
Kids are OK if they re in good shape.
Kids are ok too.
Kids are ok until they think that they know something.
Kids are okay.
Kids are on computers before they are on bicycles.
Kids are on drugs.
Kids are only fun and spontaneous because adults are so boring.
Kids are open to a new way of life.
Kids are optional.
Kids are our business.
Kids are our customers.
Kids are our first priority.
Kids are our future.
Kids are our Future.
Kids are our hopes, our dreams, our future.
Kids are our most precious resource.
Kids are our number one priority.
Kids are out for recess.
Kids are out here in the sun.
Kids are out hunting squirrels with toy bows and arrows.
Kids are out in full force at our Festival.
Kids are out in the car.
Kids are out of school and it s gift shopping crunch time.
Kids are out of school and parents want to minimize disruption in the school schedule.
Kids are out of school, and people who move here do so in the summer.
Kids are out of school.
Kids are outraged and parents are nervous.
Kids are over at our house all the time, especially the golfers.
Kids are parent's responsibility.
Kids are part of the miracle, part of the deal.
Kids are particularly at risk because they are small and lack life experience.
Kids are particularly at risk for overuse injuries because their bones are still growing.
Kids are particularly gullible to e-mail scams.
Kids are particularly vulnerable to injury during puberty when growth spurts occur.
Kids Are People Too .
Kids are people too.
Kids Are People Too.
Kids are people who just go and do it.
Kids are people, too.
Kids are people.
Kids are perfectly happy with horrible glasses.
Kids are perhaps the most skeptical audience of all.
Kids are picky about textures.
Kids are possessive of toys, sure.
Kids are pretty flexible.
Kids are pretty interested in learning about bears and whales.
Kids are pretty matter of fact.
Kids are pretty much alike worldwide.
Kids are pretty much the same everywhere.
Kids are pretty narcissistic.
Kids are pretty resilient.
Kids are pretty resourceful people.
Kids are pretty tough, yet fragile.
Kids are prone to drop or otherwise injure small animals.
Kids are prone to play with the wrapping and ribbon as much as they do with the toy itself.
Kids are Pumping - A site for kids who use pumps.
Kids are pure, they have no reason to hate anyone.
Kids are quick learners.
Kids are quick to observe any contradiction between what their parents say and what they do.
Kids are quite motivated to fill up their entire screen with color.
Kids are ready to talk about today's tough issues before their parents are.
Kids are ready when they're ready.
Kids are ready with their crisp lined paper and zippered plastic pencil holders.
Kids are really afraid of the unknown.
Kids are really concerned about catching STDs.
Kids are really good at figuring things out for themselves, and they're very accepting.
Kids are really intelligent and sincere.
Kids are really interested in it.
Kids are really interested.
Kids are really Net savvy now, but becoming more as time goes on.
Kids are really passionate about integrity and self-worth.
Kids are really sensitive to what the person intended to do.
Kids are really smart, and they know what's going on anyway.
Kids are really smart, too.
Kids are really thirsty for big ideas.
Kids are really vivid in the cold wind.
Kids are really, really expensive.
Kids are refreshingly uninhibited.
Kids are relatively cheap to insure.
Kids are reluctant to nurse an udder that is tight and engorged with milk.
Kids are remarkable creatures.
Kids are remarkably perceptive when handed a wad of dirty laundry.
Kids are remarkably resilient.
Kids are resilient and can handle change.
Kids are resilient, and they do grow up.
Kids are resilient.
Kids are restive and want to know why.
Kids are rougher today, they really are.
Kids are routinely uncared for.
Kids are safer going to school on a school bus than by any other means as shown below.
Kids are safer in school than at home or in the mall.
Kids are safer when parents use precise tools to measure liquid medicines.
Kids are scared of different things as they age.
Kids are scared to go to school 'cause they've been bullied, etc., etc.
Kids are sedentary and eat too many fast foods.
Kids are sensitive to any friction.
Kids are sensitive to double standards.
Kids are sensitive to social pressures.
Kids are seriously committed to skating and having fun here.
Kids are shits, almost deliberately.
Kids are shuttled to main campus for extracurricular activities.
Kids are sick in the hospital.
Kids are sick of the fake.
Kids are sick, mentally retarded, disabled.
Kids are silly, therefore they like silly songs.
Kids are smart and can accept most things they are taught.
Kids are smart and they watch what others do.
Kids are smart, folks.
Kids are smart, they'll just learn a new version if that's the case.
Kids are smart.
Kids are smarter because they know less.
Kids are smarter now, and have less controls to contain their aberrant behavior.
Kids are smarter than most adults think, and they have powerful radar for negative feelings.
Kids are smarter.
Kids are so amasing.
Kids are so bathed in bits that they think it's all part of the natural landscape.
Kids are so cute.
Kids are so damn smart, a true mirror of their adult counterparts.
Kids are so enthusiastic.
Kids are so expensive to raise.
Kids are so expensive.
Kids are so facinated by the tiny scenes.
Kids are so funny, they never want to end the day.
Kids are so funny.
Kids are so great.
Kids are so hard to shop for,and everything is so expensive.
Kids are so honest and open.
Kids are so impressionable.
Kids are so into it.
Kids are so into technology.
Kids are so malleable.
Kids are so mean today.
Kids are so much fun to be around.
Kids are so much fun to work with.
Kids are so much nicer.
Kids are so obsessed with collecting cards it's becoming downright cutthroat.
Kids are so perceptive, they'll take any opportunity to play one parent against another.
Kids are so profound.
Kids are so resilliant.
Kids are so resourceful.
Kids are so stupid.
Kids are so terrific about structure in stories.
Kids are so vulnerable to that, and it's happening so early now.
Kids are social creatures.
Kids are somewhat more unpredictable and show their emotions much more.
Kids are special.
Kids Are Special.
Kids are sticklers for fairness.
Kids are still at risk.
Kids are still doing homework while chatting - only now it's online.
Kids are still into that.
Kids are still kids while playing sports.
Kids are still kids, people are mostly good and politicians tend to become corrupt.
Kids are still kids.
Kids are still there at school today with acres of the property roped off.
Kids are such a hoot.
Kids are such great mimickers.
Kids are such sticklers for historical accuracy.
Kids are such understanding readers.
Kids are supervised and in a safe environment, and they're actually learning and doing something.
Kids are sure to enjoy the game's inventive, cartoony style.
Kids are sure to love the elephant and bald eagle exhibits.
Kids are susceptible to polioencephalomalacia, which is caused by thiamine deficiency.
Kids are teachers' clients.
Kids are terrible critics.
Kids are terrible for copying today.
Kids are terrific at resolving computer issues.
Kids are the best critics of their own subcultures.
Kids are the best, Apu.
Kids are the bosses down there.
Kids are the casualties.
Kids are the consummate radar devices for screening lies.
Kids are the crunch, guys.
Kids are the fasting growing population on the web.
Kids are THE focus here.
Kids are the future of our sport and our community.
Kids are the future, so help the track out by donating something for the kids.
Kids are the future.
Kids are the greatest.
Kids are the intended audience.
Kids are the issue.
Kids are the last legitimate second-class citizens.
Kids are the market for the foreseeable future.
Kids are the most fun audience to teach.
Kids are the most honest audience.
Kids are the next generation.
Kids are the ones most often striking the match.
Kids are the ones who suffer a loss when they onlyhave one parent.
Kids are the opposite.
Kids are the same all over the world.
Kids are the same everywhere.
Kids are the same now as then.
Kids are the same way.
Kids are the same, no matter where they're from.
Kids are the same.
Kids are the second priority.
Kids are the targets.
Kids are the teachers.
Kids are the ultimate killer app.
Kids are the unseen stakeholders at work.
Kids are the way of the future.
Kids are thrown over bridges and dogs into trash cans.
Kids are to be accompanied by an adult.
Kids are to try to guess what the code or trick is.
Kids are too busy running around to realize they have worked up a sweat in the heat and humidity.
Kids are too busy.
Kids are too clever.
Kids are too large .
Kids are too lazy to party now.
Kids are too much for puppy.
Kids are too sleepy to learn well.
Kids are too smart for that.
Kids are too tired, and it is too easy to get sick or stressed.
Kids are too young for such nonsense.
Kids are too young to help keep the environment healthy.
Kids are totally involved in the process.
Kids are tough.
Kids are Tough.
Kids are tougher nowadays.
Kids are tougher than any theater critic.
Kids are twice as likely to be influenced by advertising as they are from peer pressure.
Kids are unable to think anymore.
Kids are unbelievable.
Kids are uncanny about sensing if they are being put on.
Kids are uncomfortable and often put the shoulder belt behind their back.
Kids are uncomfortable being around adults.
Kids are under a lot of stress at school and just growing up.
Kids are under stress now days and understandable if they listen to the news.
Kids are unlikely to run across smut by accident.
Kids are unpredictable.
Kids are use to the freedom of the streets.
Kids are useful for the trickier spots and to fill in holes in the group.
Kids are usually excited about returning to preschool or going to kindergarten.
Kids are usually more comfortable being auctioned off in pairs.
Kids are usually pretty happy, even when they come to the doctor.
Kids are usually quite comfortable by the ending of the year.
Kids are usually satisfied with short, quick answers.
Kids are usually the better observers, and often call it like it is.
Kids are usually uninhibited.
Kids are usually very eager to share their stories.
Kids are usually well aware.
Kids are very active in our church services - members of the youth group help take up collections.
Kids are very close to each other in junior high school.
Kids are very confused about what the word stranger means.
Kids are very critical.
Kids are very cruel.
Kids are very fond of it and adults vie to produce works of art.
Kids are very good at guessing because they seem to notice details that adults often miss.
Kids are very image conscious.
Kids are very important people.
Kids are very impressionable.
Kids are very interested in computers.
Kids are very mobile.
Kids are very motivated.
Kids are very much active participants in the creative process.
Kids are very often wonderful everywhere but at home.
Kids are very over stressed.
Kids are very pure in what they like.
Kids are very reluctant to change their writing.
Kids are very resiliant.
Kids are very resilient.
Kids are very sensitive to that.
Kids are very smart and have a way with doing things while teachers arent looking.
Kids are very smart.
Kids are very tuned-in to the welfare of our environment.
Kids are very vulnerable online.
Kids are very welcome here.
Kids are very willing to work when they see that it's for something worthwhile.
Kids are victims of severe abuse and neglect.
Kids are visual learners.
Kids are waterproof and have been known to play soccer in the rain.
Kids are way ahead of the execs here.
Kids are weaned within a few months.
Kids are welcom also at viagra cheap although some material is best for grownups interests .
Kids are welcome and babysitting is available.
Kids are welcome and comfortable here.
Kids are welcome and there is a back room available for functions.
Kids are welcome and there is free parking.
Kids are welcome as are partners and friends.
Kids are welcome at all events.
Kids are welcome at all of our activities.
Kids are welcome at some classes.
Kids are welcome at The Reefs.
Kids are welcome but are parents responsibility.
Kids are welcome everywhere.
Kids are welcome in all units.
Kids are welcome in the cottage and cabin.
Kids are welcome in the front of the house.
Kids are welcome in worship.
Kids are welcome on our boats.
Kids are welcome to attend without their parents.
Kids are welcome to bring sleeping bags and kids under five are free.
Kids are welcome to bring tee-shirts to decorate.
Kids are welcome to come along with their families.
Kids are welcome to come for a short time or to stay for the entire morning.
Kids are welcome to join at anytime of the year.
Kids are welcome to join in on our stories, crafts and fun.
Kids are welcome to meet and chat with other horse lovers daily.
Kids are welcome to stay as long as they are supervised by an adult.
Kids are welcome to wear their pajamas and bring a furry bedtime friend.
Kids are welcome too.
Kids are welcome with adult supervision.
Kids are welcome with or without their parents.
Kids are welcome, and refreshments are available.
Kids are welcome, as are friends, neighbors, etc.
Kids are welcome, no cover.
Kids are welcome, particularly older ones.
Kids are welcome, provided they are accompanied by an adult.
Kids are welcome, so bring the whole family.
Kids are welcome, too.
Kids are welcome.
Kids are well catered for, with small masks and snorkelling vests.
Kids are what clowning is really about.
Kids are what it's all about.
Kids are what makes Pez collectible.
Kids are what they are.
Kids are wierd.
Kids are willing to sacrifice.
Kids are wonderful and great.
Kids are wonderful observers and terrible interpreters.
Kids are wonderful.
Kids Are Worth It.
Kids are worth their weight in gold.
Kids are yet another possession that a successful woman can show off.
Kids are young for such a brief period.
Kids are young goats.
Kids are, honest to gods, people.
Kids arent patient travelers.
Kids arrange the buildings, make pens and fields, plan what animals and crops to grow.
Kids arrive at locations.
Kids arrive home from school famished.
Kids ask a lot of questions.
Kids ask great questions.
Kids ask hard questions.
Kids ask parents first.
Kids ask some of the best questions.
Kids ask the darnedest things.
Kids ask the greatest questions.
Kids ask the questions.
Kids ask to eat because of their natural sense of hunger.
Kids assess their own behavior accordingly every day.
Kids assume status.
Kids assume that parents can handle it all and bounce back.
Kids attack each other over a stick of gum, much less a real problem.
Kids attend one-hour classes in music, drama, or art two to five days per week.
Kids attend school to learn and to prepare themselves for a bright future.
Kids attend the three-day event at no charge.
Kids attend weekly sessions and learn about such subjects as digital video production and robotics.
Kids bake muffins for packing along for the commute to work or school.
Kids bang through the door, going inside and out all day, all summer long.
Kids Be patient.
Kids become active participants in the lessons as they work their way through the storylines.
Kids become actively involved in the creation and use of dynamic classroom displays.
Kids become addicts.
Kids become better independent learners.
Kids become better writers by being given the opportunity to write.
Kids become budding entomologists, learning all about bugs and insects.
Kids become cadets on their maiden voyage into space.
Kids become comfortable with a format that parallels standardized testing of language arts skills.
Kids become contestants after creating their own wacky avatars.
Kids become detached from their parents and other kids, so kids lose touch with reality.
Kids become hyper-vigilant to the anger cue.
Kids become increasingly self-centered and are unable to see other perspectives.
Kids become inhalant addictive, often inhaling common household products like white-out.
Kids become part of the adventure.
Kids become puppeteers, watch magnets dance, explore computers or make their own creations.
Kids become the initiators, the learners and, with the right interaction, the debaters.
Kids beg to play, draw, and create.
Kids beg to watch the shows and buy the toys.
Kids begin asking dumb questions.
Kids begin by creating an onscreen persona of themselves.
Kids begin by trying tobacco or alcohol, and if the situation is ripe, experiment with marijuana.
Kids begin E-mailing early.
Kids begin learning lessons and morals through poetry, nursery rhymes and lullabies.
Kids begin pulling away from parents in search of their own identities.
Kids begin to believe they can make it.
Kids begin to branch out.
Kids begin to identify and label themselves as being in one or another group.
Kids begin to learn how to link their interests to actual professions.
Kids begin to take on the personality of their group.
Kids begin with alcohol by experimenting with it.
Kids behave differently in their peer group than at home.
Kids being bullied usually suffer alone in silence.
Kids being kids is one thing.
Kids being kids, they start going faster, and coasting a bit farther.
Kids being on the street only cause more problems that providing an alternate setting, etc.
Kids being put through such agony arises hatred in the audience.
Kids being what they are, that's a green light to drop a ball down the gullet.
Kids believe that strangers are ugly, like monsters.
Kids believe they can be whatever they want to be when they grow up.
Kids belong to the team.
Kids belong with kids.
Kids belong with their parents a rule that's worked for quite a few million years.
Kids Belong With Their Parents.
Kids benefit by gaining a competitive edge over others.
Kids benefit from a structured approach to health education from their earliest school years.
Kids benefit from limits.
Kids benefit from structure.
Kids blast through cyberspace, flying by animated asteroids as they travel from site to site.
Kids block that out.
Kids blow it off.
Kids bounce and play in a ball crawl or jump around in the pop-up area.
Kids bounce back more quickly, especially if they have something to do.
Kids bounce to the parents for hugs after school.
Kids brag up their schools as the best, and perhaps they are.
Kids break their hearts after that.
Kids break toys.
Kids bring a fishing pole, the public is invited.
Kids bring a item for the time capsule to be buried on the build site.
Kids bring all sorts of problems to school.
Kids bring friends to play or just fill out a practice.
Kids bring friends.
Kids bring in change everyday to fill the cannister that's in their classroom.
Kids bring in rubber rafts, inner tubes, beach blankets, and beach chairs.
Kids bring it up all the time.
Kids bring lunches that are dairy or vegetarian.
Kids bring more than lunch from home.
Kids bring nothing but smiles.
Kids bring opera to life.
Kids bring out the muscle-bound best in the big bully.
Kids bring so much joy.
Kids bring their favorite book or choose one at the library and read to a four-legged friend.
Kids bring their own lunches.
Kids bring their own pet crabs or purchase one at the shell shop.
Kids bruise easily.
Kids brush up on reading while playing challenging carnival-style arcade and thinking games.
Kids build and paint a bird box with adult.
Kids build bike to help classmate .
Kids build birdhouses, pick berries, cook food over the fire, write songs and do farm chores.
Kids build confidence and friendships.
Kids build math fluency as they answer a variety of questions in a number of enjoyable formats.
Kids build projects by reference to scaled down plans.
Kids build roads, bake bread, recycle, make toys and much more.
Kids build their own soap box car, with the help from their guardian, from a pre-ordered kit.
Kids bump into each other and sometimes there are harsh words.
Kids burn their mitts everyday.
Kids burst off swings like pop-corn popping.
Kids buy tickets to make crafts.
Kids call during the show to speak to one of our regulars.
Kids call it brunch, though it is apt to be spaghetti.
Kids call it fun to do.
Kids call it grass, pot, week, smoke, or reefer.
Kids call kids on that now.
Kids can access the challenge problem and post solutions.
Kids can accidentally get all the right answers, because of the controlled mouse clicking.
Kids can act fidgety, distracted, and troublesome for lots of reasons.
Kids can act out the stories that come with the kits or make up their own dramatic scripts.
Kids can actually feel that they're in that country.
Kids can actually get autographs and run the bases.
Kids can add a language.
Kids can add a lot of fun to a wedding, and also stress.
Kids can add a lot to a book.
Kids can add a raspberry to each section of the ice cube tray.
Kids can add a variety of effects to class and family pictures.
Kids can add picnic tables and slides to attract humans.
Kids can adjust but it's harder for the parents.
Kids can also access their personal clock to see what time it is in their part of the world.
Kids can also ask questions for others to answer.
Kids can also become fearful when information is presented out of context.
Kids can also become penpals.
Kids can also cheat online.
Kids can also chip in for their parents' gift.
Kids can also create a diving bell and discover the dynamics of water pressure.
Kids can also create and send digital postcards to friends.
Kids can also create invitations, slide shows and much more.
Kids can also create their own art online, and submit drawings and paintings to the online gallery.
Kids can also crush soda cans using air pressure, blow up balloons inside flasks, and brew iced tea.
Kids can also decorate their own goody bags as an arts and crafts project.
Kids can also design their own artwork and stories.
Kids can also develop interpersonal skills by example.
Kids can also differ in how energetic they are and in how their mind works.
Kids can also download hands-on craft activities that they can do at home or school.
Kids can also easily email ideas, letters and art to the editors.
Kids can also easily submit their own book reviews using an online form.
Kids can also email counsellors for help.
Kids can also e-mail their puzzle to friends or print puzzles for away from the computer fun.
Kids can also e-mail their sound and animation to their friends.
Kids can also enjoy making a zip line ride.
Kids can also enjoy the computer games while the family is awaiting a meal.
Kids can also enter a contest to design a bookmark and listen to a story.
Kids can also express their artistic bent by decorating white paper cups with crayons.
Kids can also fill each glass with raspberry ice cubes and help adult pour the lemonade.
Kids can also find a pen pal, participate in a bulletin board, and links to other children's sites.
Kids can also find homework help.
Kids can also find lots of special gifts for their favorite teacher.
Kids can also gaze at the stars through powerful telescopes in the evenings.
Kids can also get help with their homework and visit other fun sites on the Internet.
Kids can also have a good time making their own 'shofars'.
Kids can also have fun with a dinner bell installed on the playhouse wall.
Kids can also join.
Kids can also keep a diary of their outdoor explorations.
Kids can also learn about the important job of entomologists.
Kids can also learn about the turkey and where it is originally from.
Kids can also learn about videos, play games and color in a coloring book.
Kids can also learn how to make a scarecrow for the garden, or a snail cane cap.
Kids can also learn safe surfing tips and speak out about important issues.
Kids can also learn to limit hobbies and sports to affordable items.
Kids can also learn valuable lessons about forgiveness and consequences.
Kids can also make a snake craft to take home.
Kids can also make a special holiday treat at craft tables.
Kids can also make their own board games by using the side of a box, some paper, markers, and glue.
Kids can also make their own paper cootie catcher to play with at home.
Kids can also make their very own honey pots out of plastic cups.
Kids can also monitor their own reactions.
Kids can also participate in community projects like beautifying a park.
Kids can also participate in fun and games and more learning activities.
Kids can also photograph town landmarks for a local history project.
Kids can also play games with bubbles racing against the clock, while they pop the bubble.
Kids can also play in the park and visit the city pool.
Kids can also print collector cards for each pirate character on the software.
Kids can also print out their typing statistics.
Kids can also publish and share their literature and graphic art work.
Kids can also race the clock, earning medals and trophies for their efforts.
Kids can also register to win T-shirts and other giveaways on each visit.
Kids can also rotate tasks from a chore list.
Kids can also save and store their favorite scenes.
Kids can also search for facts.
Kids can also send a butterfly-mail postcard.
Kids can also send cosmic electronic postcards to their online friends.
Kids can also send food like crackers, cookies, canned soup, cereal and rice.
Kids can also send in submissions, so there's a section detailing writer's guidelines.
Kids can also send their jokes, riddles, puzzles online.
Kids can also send thier name into deep space.
Kids can also share photos, riddles, poetry, and stories about their best friendspoochy pals.
Kids can also share pictures as well as stories.
Kids can also share their musical talents with each other in an online concert.
Kids can also sign up for a series of five-week classes.
Kids can also squeeze entertainment out of the site's crossword puzzles and coloring book pages.
Kids can also submit their own stories, thoughts, ideas, poems, etc for online publication.
Kids can also talk to other kids about computing at a discussion forum.
Kids can also taste various types of honey and make foods that contain honey.
Kids can also tell their favorite spooky tales while they stuff themselves with candy.
Kids can also try to eat a variety of healthy foods.
Kids can also type in their name and find out what it looks like in Egyptian hieroglyphs.
Kids can also use books to study and improve their grades.
Kids can also use cleaned-out salad dressing bottles to create bud vases.
Kids can also use our products to fulfill class assignments.
Kids can also use the names and logos of professional ball clubs for their own teams.
Kids can also use the space for fencing, or tae kwon do.
Kids can also use the toolbox to help younger siblings or friends learn to resolve conflicts.
Kids can also venture to a dig site and unearth giant alphabet letters.
Kids can also work on their vehicles, becoming a master mechanic.
Kids can also write in electronically to our Feedback area.
Kids can also write Santa a letter.
Kids can also write their own fake definitions.
Kids can also write to other kids whose work was featured on the site.
Kids can always find it.
Kids can always help with record keeping and tallying.
Kids can always say their parents are busy and take a message.
Kids can amuse themselves in the playground.
Kids can amuse themselves with almost anything.
Kids can and do make a difference.
Kids can apply the peel and stick stickers to the corrcect stops to complete the story.
Kids can apply to join the club as soon as they entering elementary schools.
Kids can ask Santa to send holiday greetings to their e-mail pals.
Kids can attach construction paper and make a pencil holder, paper clip holder, etc.
Kids can attend a daylong or weeklong session.
Kids can bank all summer long with their school savings accounts.
Kids can be a barrel of laughs.
Kids can be a delight at a wedding or they can be a problem.
Kids can be a great deal more sophisticated than many imagine.
Kids can be a great source of neighborhood goings-on.
Kids can be a handful at times.
Kids can be adventurous eaters if given the chance and opportunity.
Kids can be amazingly creative.
Kids can be annoyingly recalcitrant when it comes to swallowing hypocrisy.
Kids can be anyone they want to be.
Kids can be as happy playing as they can be spending.
Kids can be asset builders, too.
Kids can be brutal.
Kids can be brutally honest at times.
Kids can be cool dancers, fresh musicians, wild painters, beguiling actors, and sweet poets.
Kids can be cruel and use differences in a negative fashion.
Kids CAN be cruel and use whatever means they can to strike back.
Kids can be cruel like that.
Kids can be cruel to each other.
Kids can be cruel toward one another.
Kids can be cruel, and they get it from adults.
Kids can be cruel, and unfamiliarity is often at the root of the cruelty.
Kids can be cruel, especially when it comes to dairy.
Kids can be cruel.
Kids can be environmentalists, too.
Kids can be especially cute with the hiccups.
Kids can be foolish.
Kids can be grumpy.
Kids can be helpful at times.
Kids can be here for a good portion of the day and still have plenty of things to do.
Kids can be in the group for lots of different reasons.
Kids can be incredibly fussy about food.
Kids can be infectious longer.
Kids can be kids and if they want to let off steam without damage it's fine.
Kids can be like that.
Kids can be mean.
Kids can be on the lookout for signs and landmarks while they play the cross-off game.
Kids can be on the Net for hours on end before their parents come home.
Kids can be part of a team or just cheer on their schools.
Kids can be picky eaters.
Kids can be picky, but they'll eat anything fried.
Kids can be proud of their parents when they see what they do.
Kids can be ready to snap a photo quite early, even at ages four, five, or six.
Kids can be really cruel and also brutally honest.
Kids can be romantic too.
Kids can be self-expressive in so many ways.
Kids can be smart in more than one way.
Kids can be so cruel either way.
Kids can be so cruel to each other.
Kids can be so cruel.
Kids can be so fussy that parents rely on milk to pack in a lot of nutrition.
Kids can be so mean.
Kids can be so nasty.
Kids can be so noisy, and they forget to stop and look around now and then.
Kids can be so perceptive.
Kids can be successful without a lot of outside help.
Kids can be such animals.
Kids can be their most adorably manipulative at bedtime.
Kids can be very creative when they have the supplies and mom and dad to help.
Kids can be very cruel when it comes to things like that.
Kids can be very devious.
Kids can be very giving.
Kids can be very proud of themselves when they learn how to pick up the crabs.
Kids can be vicious and they can be cruel.
Kids can be vicious little bastards.
Kids can become fruit and veggie advocates when they are part of a project.
Kids can become frustrated easily.
Kids can become hooked on sniffing, and, like any other habit, it's a tough one to break.
Kids can become junior astronauts, model airplane builders and weather watchers.
Kids can become scientists, making field observations right in their own backyards.
Kids can begin appreciating that.
Kids can belong to an adventure book club or a mother-daughter club.
Kids can benefit a lot from that type of interaction and attention.
Kids can blast off into informative sections on space, aircrafts, and astronauts.
Kids can bowl in their socks.
Kids can bring along their hard shoes for horse handling subsequent to a vaulting lesson.
Kids can bring frisbees.
Kids can bring fruits or carrots to feed the mules.
Kids can bring in and pool their pennies to buy an acre of rainforest, or even sponsor a whale.
Kids can bring in pennies, nickels, or any spare change they have.
Kids can bring in their grandparents and explore their roots.
Kids can bring in their sleeping bags and read by flashlight.
Kids can bring in their used toys to donate to needy children in the Savannah area.
Kids can bring their bikes to run through an obstacle course.
Kids can bring their own lunch or can be released to go home for lunch with approval from parent.
Kids can broadcast their voice, pick the tunes and even add sound effects.
Kids can browse maps, publications, links, photos, or do a search by keyword.
Kids can browse or search for resources, enter contests, join a club, even help gather resources.
Kids can build and erupt the volcano using the eruption reaction bottle.
Kids can build and rule over their own palace, kingdom, castle or mansion.
Kids can build sand castles while adults sunbathe.
Kids can build sandcastles and moats with plastic sand shovels and buckets.
Kids can build simple props in a class-produced play.
Kids can build their dream playhouse in Building Things.
Kids can build their own village and create their own native art by rubbing patterns.
Kids can build theme parks easily, with lots of helpful tips from the game.
Kids can build to match the pictures or the colors.
Kids can buy and drink beer under supervision of their parents, or teachers.
Kids can canoe, hike, bike, swim, fish and visit local fairs and carnivals.
Kids can carry their own skis.
Kids can catch a trout for a couple of dollars.
Kids can catch panfish with cane poles and bait at the nearest pond and have a great time.
Kids can catch up on sleep over the weekends, but only to an extent.
Kids can catch up on world events, get homework help, or play educational games.
Kids can challenge what adults have to say and make the news.
Kids can change overnight.
Kids can change the names and even print out the stories to color and make into a storybook.
Kids can change.
Kids can chat freely with friends half a world away.
Kids can chat in a controlled environment with other kids or find an Internet penpal.
Kids can chat online and get support, and adults can read about becoming an adoptive parent.
Kids can chat with other children and find out what's going on around the world.
Kids can check out ambiguous illusions, distortion illusions, auditory illusions, and more.
Kids can check the rain gauge at least once a week and even record the results on a chart.
Kids can chill out at Turtle Beach, built exclusively for the younger set.
Kids can choose a colored crayon, color and erase the page.
Kids can choose a level and find a game.
Kids can choose a vacation in the wilderness or a high-tech adventure at an urban location.
Kids can choose children's programming and get a game pack.
Kids can choose either or both, participating one sport in the morning and another in the afternoon.
Kids can choose from a variety of good categories to explore science.
Kids can choose from exotic plants and wildlife to create their own safari park.
Kids can choose from six career categories.
Kids can choose from the instrument building or percussion workshops on offer.
Kids can choose from two playgrounds.
Kids can choose from virtual pencils, chalk, crayons or markers.
Kids can choose players, come up with a team name and colors and compete online.
Kids can choose settings for five favorite music styles and six different instruments.
Kids can choose to be a fireman, archeologist, grocery store clerk or judge.
Kids can choose to use a variety of colors or to stick with one color.
Kids can click on a letter of the alphabet and find words with pictures.
Kids can click on a picture and help finish the songs.
Kids can click on any of five posters with anti-smoking messages.
Kids can click on different letters of the alphabet to play around with an assortment of activities.
Kids can click on either math teaser or math stumper to retrieve the problem.
Kids can click on objects, get words, definitions and fun animations.
Kids can click on to get clear explanations about their stay before going into hospital.
Kids can click on words and punctuation marks for explanations.
Kids can click to see what other kids had to say about the story, too.
Kids can climb on a horse and saddle, wagon, sleigh, and rocking horse.
Kids can climb on it and into it, and it's a great photo op.
Kids can clip it or leave it shaggy, as with the eggheads.
Kids can collaborate and solve problems together as a team.
Kids can collect kindling, drag in wood, and saw it.
Kids can color and pin up their art.
Kids can color each card, which can be sent to friends and family.
Kids can color online, make crafts and watch video clips.
Kids can color the illustrations if desired.
Kids can color the letters and make flash cards.
Kids can color the tambourines before they are assembled.
Kids can color wildlife pictures, put puzzles together, play matching games and more.
Kids can color, compute, explore educational sites by topic and inspect science subject matter.
Kids can color, play games, sing along and more.
Kids can come after school to launch rockets and grow gardens.
Kids can come dressed as their favorite superhero for a costume parade.
Kids can come for an hour, spend the afternoon, or stay into the evening.
Kids can come for cheaper, too.
Kids can come from around the nation.
Kids can come home and pick up their daily snack.
Kids can come in and hang out.
Kids can come in costume.
Kids can come into the library and get on the Internet.
Kids can come listen to news about the latest books, view a new video and share refreshments.
Kids can come to the park on all school holidays and have safe, supervised fun all day long.
Kids can come up with a feeling that somehow or other they caused it.
Kids can come with parents and parents can bring their parents.
Kids can come with parents.
Kids can communicate by e-mail and play interactive games with friends.
Kids can communicate with kids from different classrooms, cities, states, and countries.
Kids can compete in areas other than sports.
Kids can compete in costume contests for all age groups.
Kids can compete in tournaments or play alone.
Kids can complete the missions while learning about the lunar surface.
Kids can compose.
Kids can concentrate on the spelling and grammar, without worrying about fast reflexes.
Kids can construct a basic sundial from well written instructions.
Kids can contribute their artistic imagination to a large painted mural.
Kids can cook their own hotdogs or marshmallows with little danger of injury.
Kids can cool off everyday in our splash lagoon.
Kids can cooperate.
Kids Can Cooperate.
Kids Can Count .
Kids can crawl around and inside the creatures that live in the murky depths.
Kids can crawl inside the crate and see what it was like.
Kids can crawl inside to enjoy reading books.
Kids can create a pattern on the T-shirt with the broken crayon pieces.
Kids can create a puppet online.
Kids can create and describe objects for others to look at, sit on, pick up or eat.
Kids can create and display their own creatures of the deep in the Creative Sea Creatures.
Kids can create and save pictures that they create using a simple graphics editor.
Kids can create and save their own tracks to race on simply by connecting stunt pieces.
Kids can create and submit their own art.
Kids can create artwork related to Earth Day and learn about recycled content products.
Kids can create interesting simulations complete with key-controlled interaction and sound effects.
Kids can create real miniature baked goods to share .
Kids can create signs by combining letters.
Kids can create silly rhymes by experimenting with rhyming word families.
Kids can create some of the materials for running games in the classroom.
Kids can create their own animated storybooks.
Kids can create their own calendars online.
Kids can create their own colorful Turkeys for Thanksgiving.
Kids can create their own Dalmatian puppets online.
Kids can create their own design.
Kids can create their own magic too.
Kids can create their own web page here.
Kids can create their very own tornado in a bottle and much more.
Kids can create wish lists to notify adults of the toys which they want the most.
Kids can create zany fish while learning ocean facts and geography.
Kids can create, narrate and animate their own computer movies.
Kids can cross stitch by just following the color code.
Kids can crown their creations with yarn wigs, felt ears or paper hats, if desired.
Kids can culture fruit flies to feed their plants.
Kids can customize a card template, or start from scratch.
Kids can cut and fold masks, costumes and decorations.
Kids can cut out and color fish and sea plants of many shapes, sizes, and varieties.
Kids can cut, copy, paste, highlight and edit fonts all while learning how to write.
Kids can dabble their toes in the cold current cascading through floodgates.
Kids can deal with truth and openness a lot better than secrecy.
Kids can decipher at an early age.
Kids can decorate plastic switch plate covers for their bedrooms.
Kids can decorate the box, too.
Kids can decorate the house and tree, wrap presents, etc.
Kids can decorate the windsock using fabric paints or markers.
Kids can decorate their fort with markers and other ways.
Kids can decorate their vests with crayons, markers or paint and cut fringe along the bottom.
Kids can decorate their writings with as many rubber stamps as they want.
Kids can decorate with sprinkles or colored sugar.
Kids can delve into history, read a good book, find fun facts, or play a game.
Kids can design fields, decide what animals to have on their farm, etc.
Kids can design team uniforms, create custom players and can determine who to play against.
Kids can design their own color matching game in Memory .
Kids can design their own t-shirts too, with fabric paint.
Kids can develop keyboarding skills by typing into a blank file.
Kids can die from abusing inhalants repeatedly, or even just once.
Kids can dig for fiberglass replicas of mammoth bones.
Kids can dig for real fossils and crystals from all over the world.
Kids can dig in to dozens of hands-on educational exhibits as well as crafts, games and puzzles.
Kids can dine on corn dogs, chicken strips, hamburgers and popcorn shrimp.
Kids can dip the bread sticks into the pasta sauce.
Kids can discover games and activities.
Kids can discover more about Michigan.
Kids can discover the natural wonders of Cincinnati parks.
Kids can discuss what sorts of things they can do for helping take care of their environment.
Kids can do a lot with proper supervision.
Kids can do a lot with such interesting and colorful pieces.
Kids can do advanced searches by grade level.
Kids can do anything and get away with it.
Kids can do anything.
Kids can do as a class project or each student can do individually.
Kids can do everything.
Kids can do it for fun.
Kids can do it individually, in groups or as a whole-class activity.
Kids can do it, too.
Kids can do it.
Kids Can Do It.
Kids can do lots of fun things in the 'zone.
Kids can do most of the work on their own.
Kids can do plenty to help stop the greenhouse effect.
Kids can do that.
Kids can do the work if given the chance.
Kids Can Do to Save the Earth .
Kids Can Do to Save the Earth.
Kids Can Do.
Kids can download coloring pages, look at an art gallery and read about the author.
Kids can download coloring pages, play games online, or read stories.
Kids can download information from the Web to alter their model's personality.
Kids can download new personalities from the Web.
Kids can draw and paint on slides to produce a slideshow with still or moving pictures.
Kids can draw directly on the fabric so what they see is what they get.
Kids can draw or paint designs on it.
Kids can draw their own illustrations beneath the definitions.
Kids can draw their own monsters with mirror faces.
Kids can draw, paint, and print from a selection of many Bible images.
Kids can dress in their costumes and enjoy the fun.
Kids can dress up, visit the theater, or hike on trails.
Kids can drill for accuracy or time, and can compete against another player.
Kids can drive the clean-up machine, cook green eggs and ham and ride the seven hump wump.
Kids can drown in just two or three inches of water.
Kids can dry the chive blossoms for simple floral arrangements.
Kids can earn a pair of shin guards or a very nice adidas ball just for helping out.
Kids can earn points for recalling the most items.
Kids can earn prizes like frisbees, water bottles, t-shirts and more.
Kids can earn treasures that are stored in the playroom at each level.
Kids can easily harbor germs without even being sick.
Kids can easily make maps of their neighborhoods or imaginary neighborhoods.
Kids can easily understand the whole process of change of an egg into an adult frog.
Kids can eat before or after bowling.
Kids can eat lunch or hang out here.
Kids can eat right off the skewers or take the meat off with their fingers.
Kids can edit their new tunes by adding music or using effects to sound like a baby or change pitch.
Kids can either interpret the graphs or use information given to make their own graphs.
Kids can elect to work with a specific number set or mixed numbers.
Kids can e-mail questions to the scientists.
Kids can email the site with additional comments, information, and suggest additional links.
Kids can e-mail their own questions.
Kids can enhance our writing and they can hinder our writing.
Kids can enjoy a miniature train ride which circles the park or play on an antique carousel.
Kids can enjoy a playground and cool off at the spray fountain.
Kids can enjoy a scavenger hunt, building sandcastles or help seine for aquatic critters.
Kids can enjoy a site for good food fun.
Kids can enjoy all of the activities whenever they want.
Kids can enjoy climbing, playing, or training under thorough supervision.
Kids can enjoy coloring books, interactive story books, and read about characters.
Kids can enjoy it too.
Kids can enjoy pony and train rides.
Kids can enjoy riding the go-carts and jet skis, too.
Kids can enjoy spaghetti, fettuccine, chicken fingers or cheese pizza.
Kids can enjoy special dinners including pizza, burgers and Italian favorites.
Kids can enjoy such activities as face painting, games and swatting a pi ata.
Kids can enjoy swimming, gymnastics, art activities, cooking activities and field trips.
Kids can enjoy the imagination garden or music on the main stage.
Kids can enjoy the penny carnival and a bike rodeo, or participate in kid's games and activities.
Kids can enjoy the video arcade.
Kids can enjoy toy demonstrations and games and then meet the farm animals.
Kids can enjoy various spaghetti meals.
Kids can enter a birthdate and find out who shares it as well as other activities.
Kids can enter birth date and find out who shares it.
Kids can enter collections also.
Kids can enter questions.
Kids can enter their own recipes in a monthly contest.
Kids can enter their responses to the stories, and can also read what other children think.
Kids can enter their writing, art, and music and then watch to see how many times others read it.
Kids can enter to win at the park on the days of the drawings.
Kids can entertain themselves quietly for hours.
Kids can entertain themselves, and they can only get better.
Kids can even add their own beat to make totally kickin' tunes.
Kids can even be a TV news anchor or a weatherman.
Kids can even bring their own teddy bears or dollies to the party.
Kids can even control interactions between castle friends.
Kids can even design their own rollercoaster and check it for safety and fun.
Kids can even develop strong human animal bonds with non-responsive animals such as fish or turtles.
Kids can even find experiments of their own to try out.
Kids can even get a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Kids can even get together and have jam sessions.
Kids can even go online and share their designs, or copy the designs of others.
Kids can even grade their own work using the answers on the back of each card.
Kids can even hop a plane.
Kids can even impact political decisions.
Kids can even learn about the constellations and the Greek mythology characters they're named for.
Kids can even learn new facts about bears.
Kids can even learn racing techniques to beat their opponents by practicing their driving.
Kids can even learn some interesting facts about dogs as they apply stickers on their creations.
Kids can even make a real piece of paper to take home.
Kids can even publish their own illustrated books about their family heritage.
Kids can even track Santa's world wide trip on the world wide web.
Kids can even use their hands to mix ingredients.
Kids can even visit a petting farm and try milking a goat.
Kids can even watch clips and vote for their favorite show.
Kids can even watch people working on fossils in the paleontology laboratory.
Kids can even write an email to the president.
Kids can examine and climb on preserved farm equipment.
Kids can examine unsolved crime scenes and learn how to take fingerprints.
Kids can exchange gifts, too.
Kids can exchange messages with kids from all over the world.
Kids can expect ice cream during movies and a backpack with toys and snacks.
Kids can expect plenty of balloon art and charcoal paintings.
Kids can experience drawing, painting, sculpture, ceramics, cartooning, and more.
Kids can experience it first hand at Adventure City.
Kids can experience the fun of fishing, face painting, pony rides, mountain biking and dancing.
Kids can experiment with different techniques for making a faster rocket.
Kids can experiment with telling time.
Kids can explore a favorite interest, get a leg up on schoolwork, or just have fun.
Kids can explore and find out all sorts of neat facts there.
Kids can explore art, plants, animals, science and their environment.
Kids can explore preHistoric concepts in a lively environment.
Kids can explore the decks of the ship and there is also a snack bar on board.
Kids can explore the history of aviation and the physics of flying.
Kids can explore the pools for fish, octopus, squid, shrimp, crabs, coral, colorful sea plants, etc.
Kids can explore their environment and learn how to protect it.
Kids can explore tide pools and petroglyphs.
Kids can explore warehouses of machines and do quiz games to earn certificates.
Kids can explore, practice, or test themselves in game-style formats.
Kids can express their needs in signs before they can speak.
Kids can express themselves in crayon right on the table.
Kids can fall inside and drown.
Kids can feed and commune with deer, goats, and sheep.
Kids can feed the fish here too.
Kids can feed the golden koi swimming in the water.
Kids can feed the monkeys and touch a live alligator at one of three shows daily.
Kids can feed the trout and maybe catch dinner in a nearby stream.
Kids can feel a lot of peer pressure.
Kids can feel awfully awkward when it comes to shopping for one parent when they are with the other.
Kids can feel better, be more athletic and improve their overall health.
Kids can file, clean the office, empty trash and address envelopes.
Kids can fill in spaces between lines with color.
Kids can fill in the blanks and guess answers.
Kids can fill in, or parents can prepare personal choices ahead of time.
Kids can fill the canvas by selecting colors or stamps.
Kids can find all of the pieces to fix the machine by playing the musical activities.
Kids can find experiments, puzzles and quizzes as well as numerous links arrayed by category.
Kids can find friends online who share similar interests or medical conditions.
Kids can find homework help, research or just surf community-reviewed and approved websites.
Kids can find out how current U.S. roads compare and somewhat parallel the routes.
Kids can find play areas off the beach.
Kids can find their favorite characters, best books, games galore and other web wondes.
Kids can find their weight on different planets.
Kids can find themselves victims because of race, religion, sexual preference, or just bad timing.
Kids can find things in their language.
Kids can finish the words and color their portrait.
Kids can fish here.
Kids can float handmade boats and other floating and sinking objects along the currents.
Kids can flop down on it and use it for all sorts of play activities.
Kids can fly a jet, excavate the skeleton of a saber-toothed tiger, etc.
Kids can fly brightly colored kites while adults sample the various activities and entertainment.
Kids can form Christian clubs, Christian support group. . . .
Kids can gather to take their whack at traditional Mexican pinatas.
Kids can get a great deal out of playing sports.
Kids can get a library card, too.
Kids can get access to information in a wide variety of subject areas as well as with research.
Kids can get access to whatever they want.
Kids can get an education and integrate into society.
Kids can get answers to all types of questions, and they can also ask for advice.
Kids can get away.
Kids can get cold quickly.
Kids can get energy from grain products, fruits, vegetables, and other protein-rich foods.
Kids can get free stuff in the mail and find fun sites on the net.
Kids can get fun out of the rain.
Kids can get guns all over the place.
Kids can get guns.
Kids can get in on the act too.
Kids can get information from guys who've already done it.
Kids can get interested in new topics and connect with each other.
Kids can get into serious dental trouble by then.
Kids can get into trouble in the classroom for thinking aloud.
Kids can get it at home, at school, almost anyplace.
Kids can get it without any problem.
Kids can get molluscum contagiosum in a few different ways.
Kids can get really useful consumer information and become 'media savvy' at the same time.
Kids can get restless as other passengers enter the plane and get settled.
Kids can get the same immoral education from watch late night tv.
Kids can get there without bugging their parents for rides or scraping together bus fare.
Kids can get to know top trainers, famous horses and the top youth riders in the country.
Kids can get too focused on therapy and problems.
Kids can glue the squares on the paper in any pattern or design they like.
Kids can go in their pajamas and fall asleep in the back seat.
Kids can go on a cyber-tour of a children's museum and enter a sweepstakes, too.
Kids can go on their own to the resource room, but the resource teacher also comes to the classroom.
Kids can go online and see the scores that night.
Kids can go out and play in their yards. . . .
Kids can go outside to an artificial stream.
Kids can go through a lot of expensive color ink cartridges in a big hurry.
Kids can go to R-rated movies with their parents.
Kids can go to school related activities with adult supervision without too much worry.
Kids can grind corn, spin wool and visit with sheep and cows.
Kids can grow up with the books.
Kids can handle that.
Kids can handpick the players on their teams, as well as choose team names, colors, and logos.
Kids can hang out in the club's youth activity center while their parents work out.
Kids can hang out in the kitchen watching the cooks make pizzas.
Kids can have a fun and safe online experience by following a few simple reminders.
Kids can have a good time almost anywhere.
Kids can have a great time on the internet.
Kids can have a great time playing in our playground.
Kids can have all the fun of superhero games, while learning how to protect our food supply.
Kids can have big, little, old, young, and new friends at school, home, near, and far.
Kids can have creative fun.
Kids can have fun and win prizes.
Kids can have fun coloring in the pictures as they learn about the marine environment.
Kids can have fun discovering science with a variety of hands-on projects.
Kids can have fun eating at the table with their own sized dinnerware.
Kids can have fun taking their favorite dolls and toys for a ride.
Kids can have fun while learning about Canada while they colour.
Kids can have fun with a variety of cross-curricular games and holiday games, too.
Kids can have fun with games, crafts and sports.
Kids can have hours of exciting fun fishing for crayfish.
Kids can have loads of fun and even win prizes by participating in educative contests on the site.
Kids can have more fun then studying all week.
Kids can have pizza and mom or dad can have chicken, shrimp or sausage pasta or soup.
Kids can have races with wrap-ups too.
Kids can have resolutions too.
Kids can have their picture taken for a small fee.
Kids can have their picture taken with Santa.
Kids can hear more music, faster.
Kids can hear voices from the past and present on audio sound sticks.
Kids can help adults free of charge.
Kids can help as bid runners, while the adults work the phones and post bids.
Kids can help bring firewood to the fire ring from the woodshed.
Kids can help by pre-measuring the ingredients and kneading the dough once it cools off.
Kids can help by putting their computer prowess to use through the center's trip-planning center.
Kids can help by spreading their filling with a popsicle stick instead of a knife.
Kids can help lower the submarine by correctly answering subtraction problems.
Kids Can Help Make list.
Kids can help make the bars by stirring in the peanut butter chips or spreading the jelly.
Kids can help measure and mix the ingredients.
Kids can help mix up the batch of dry ingredients and decorate the jars.
Kids can help out as runners and leash stewards.
Kids can help protect each other.
Kids can help protect the earth's air, land, and water.
Kids can help pull dried-up vegetables and flowers and save flower seeds for next year's garden.
Kids can help sort toys to give away, swap or sell.
Kids can help speed up treatment by following the instructions of their occupational therapist.
Kids can help the environment.
Kids can help wash the wool and see how it s spun into yarn for weaving or knitting.
Kids can help wash the wool and see how it's spun into yarn for weaving or knitting.
Kids can help with supervision.
Kids can help with the laundry.
Kids can hold the clear cup easily with one hand as they learn to drink independently.
Kids can hunt for facts in cyberspace.
Kids can identify geometric shapes while building their very own music machine.
Kids can identify with that and immediately see the implications in their own lives.
Kids can identify with that.
Kids can imitate the insects they see while they tie their own fly at the tackle crafting station.
Kids can improve their swing by aiming for the meat eater in the sweet spot .
Kids can interact more in class now.
Kids can interact with siblings, parents or classmates at school.
Kids can interact with the characters while strengthening their reading and problem-solving skills.
Kids can interact with the exhibit, learn about bats and have fun doing so.
Kids can interlace text comments, between the math expressions, to explain their methodology.
Kids can investigate the relative value of worm composting for the average gardener.
Kids can join in and sing in karaoke style with the microphone or dance along.
Kids can join in games and crafts at the North Pole Walk.
Kids can join in singing familiar and new songs with washboards and spoons.
Kids can join in the vows, accepting their new siblings or family.
Kids can join the Clear Creak Weavers to craft a berry picking basket.
Kids can journey into a cosmic outer space adventure or make some extraterrestrial art.
Kids can journey into some of the world's fascinating places and play interactive games.
Kids can journey into some of the world's most fascinating places and play interactive games.
Kids can journey to the baby bird nursery, petting zoo and gift shop.
Kids can jump after their first day, after which they join kid groups.
Kids can jump in and enjoy the easy flight dynamics without crashing too much.
Kids can jump into a painting to find the artist within.
Kids can just gaze at it and dream about flying.
Kids can just go out there and ride a bike, skateboard, whatever, just doing their own thing.
Kids can just log on and hatch business plans.
Kids can just point and click the button on the mouse.
Kids can just spend hours in a barn with horses.
Kids can just walk down and rent a movie with the family s membership card.
Kids can keep track of the season through weekly updates with game highlights.
Kids can kick back and unwind with a book on one of many big, blue beanbag chairs.
Kids can lean melodies or create their own music.
Kids can learn a lot about saving and spending money, too.
Kids can learn a lot about themselves from that.
Kids can learn a lot from adults.
Kids can learn a lot from sleepovers too.
Kids can learn a lot from taking a close look at the community close to home.
Kids can learn a lot of lessons in the grocery store.
Kids can learn a new skill and they'll have a personal work of art to take home and show off.
Kids can learn about amphibians, reptiles, birds, fungi and, of course, insects.
Kids can learn about animals in the zoo or click over to the science museum.
Kids can learn about animals, space and other fun subjects as well as read online books.
Kids can learn about banking.
Kids can learn about dinosaurs while playing with friends.
Kids can learn about electricity and how to stay safe around it.
Kids can learn about everything from the size of Jupiter to the concept of night vision.
Kids can learn about fossils as well as the properties of common rocks and minerals.
Kids can learn about history, builders, famous romans and also look at pictures of Ancient Rome.
Kids can learn about leavening agents by mixing baking soda with vinegar.
Kids can learn about life, while having a great time getting involved with music.
Kids can learn about nutrition here.
Kids can learn about origami, Japanese language, and Japanese food.
Kids can learn about plant processes, training bees, creating a leaf collections, or plant pests.
Kids can learn about plants by solving a series of mystery games.
Kids can learn about rabies, a serious disease that is spreading among mammals in the state.
Kids can learn about responsibility of horse care and the thrill of competition.
Kids can learn about the frog life cycle and practice their writing and fine-motor skills.
Kids can learn about the human body and the illnesses that can affect it.
Kids can learn about the nuts and bolts of going fast on the website.
Kids can learn about the railroad, have fun,. and play games with trains.
Kids can learn about what makes colors.
Kids can learn and demonstrate their knowledge of patterning by laying the materials in order.
Kids can learn computer art, build sculptures and discover new talents through hands-on activities.
Kids can learn creative movement, tap, ballet and modern dance.
Kids can learn everything from clicking icons to sending e-mail and downloading.
Kids can learn first words and basic concepts such as letter, numbers, shapes, colors and more.
Kids can learn from botanical gardens, too.
Kids can learn from cockroaches dinosaurs and worms.
Kids can learn hands-on about the effects of aquatic litter.
Kids can learn how plants are born by creating a seedview jar to observe the sprouting process.
Kids can learn how to create paper creatures and sculptures through the art of origami.
Kids can learn how to dig for bones and pretend they are genuine paleontologists.
Kids can learn how to find, observe and catch minibeast for study.
Kids can learn how to make bombs from the Internet.
Kids can learn how to measure the wind and rain.
Kids can learn in a variety of ways and can solve problems in a variety of ways.
Kids can learn in sound-filled environments, they do it everyday at school.
Kids can learn jokes, explore the holidays area, or just download a screensaver.
Kids can learn many more valuable lessons playing with the family cat.
Kids can learn more about the country and origin of the games by clicking on a global icon.
Kids can learn new skills while having fun at the same time.
Kids can learn new songs, write their own songs, make their own radio show and more.
Kids can learn science the easy, hands-on way with Science Made Simple.
Kids can learn simple math operations while recognizing and creating patterns in arithmetic.
Kids can learn simple rules and procedures for responsible self-care.
Kids can learn the connection between recycling an aluminum can and saving energy.
Kids can learn the parts of speech by practicing drills.
Kids can learn to draw a bunny, a puppy, a chimpanzee and more.
Kids can learn to draw cartoons.
Kids can learn to draw, paint, and color with graphics.
Kids can learn to groom a cow, feed a calf and test their dairy knowledge.
Kids can learn to help too.
Kids can learn to like vegetables it's simply a matter of taste and experience.
Kids can learn to listen with over twenty classical music samples.
Kids can learn to love learning at home.
Kids can learn to love reading even before they know how to read.
Kids can learn to make distinctions about different kids of scary material.
Kids can learn to milk a cow or ride a camel or elephant.
Kids can learn to sail.
Kids can learn to shop within their budget.
Kids can learn to use the software gradually, while concentrating on content.
Kids can learn what DNA is made of and what it looks like.
Kids can learn what to do if their fire alarm goes off.
Kids can learn what to do if they or someone they know gets a cut or scratch or frostbite.
Kids can learn.
Kids can leave paw print tracks behind in the snow as they walk.
Kids can let their parents and friends know that organ donation isn t experimental.
Kids can lift trees back into place to clear track or by pushing sign back into position.
Kids can link to Web sites, read online interviews, and more.
Kids can listen to storytelling on the plaza, even try on costumes in a special kids' room.
Kids can log into Pet Park to explore the virtual world, talk to other kids, and make new pets.
Kids can log on and send e-mail to Santa.
Kids can look at every topic from feelings to talking.
Kids can look for treasure by exploring the house, school, and park.
Kids can look forward to an ocean sailing school, a nature park, a treehouse, and nature walk.
Kids can look forward to face painting, puppet-making and a variety of other activities.
Kids can lose consciousness and end up in the hospital, or they can die.
Kids can lose languages extremely easily.
Kids can lose their way, squandering hours on mindless software or violent games.
Kids can love the power to track or line a canoe in pairs or single-handedly.
Kids Can Make .
Kids can make a collection of brightly colored, round collages.
Kids can make a difference .
Kids Can Make a Difference .
Kids Can Make a Difference in the pet overpopulation problem.
Kids can make a difference.
Kids Can Make A Difference.
Kids can make a model of the solar system, map the stars and plenty more.
Kids can make a rubbing of the texture using the side of a pencil tip.
Kids can make a sundial or imagine being a sedimentary rock.
Kids can make a take-home craft following brunch.
Kids can make a very good recovery, even better than adults.
Kids can make a whole world out of a crayon and a piece of paper.
Kids can make and fly their kites at the base of the memorial where flight began.
Kids can make and fly their own kites.
Kids can make and take their own experiments including a super basketball.
Kids can make any object, from their finger to an empty paper towel roll to a real gun- be a gun.
Kids can make calendars, business cards, newsletters, slide shows, and much more.
Kids can make cards and a miniature vase for their mom.
Kids can make crafts from countries like China, Japan, and Mexico.
Kids can make 'em on used from-school milk cartons.
Kids can make flowers colored miniature cupcake baking cups or doilies.
Kids can make flowers with colored miniature cupcake baking cups or doilies.
Kids can make friendship bracelets, key chains, and plays games for prizes.
Kids can make garden hats and butterfly suncatchers at the event.
Kids can make humpty dumpty mobiles, cotton ball lambs, decorated mittens and bright aluminum stars.
Kids can make it more fun than adults can, they can put more humor in it.
Kids can make kites, get their faces painted or build their own birdfeeders.
Kids can make long chains, create color patterns, sort and count by color.
Kids can make original desktop movies with footage from class plays and family vacations.
Kids can make paper animals.
Kids can make puzzles from their favorite pictures and characters.
Kids can make shapes and work the dough like regular play dough.
Kids can make shooting and hunting come alive again.
Kids can make the dance repeat or choreograph their own version.
Kids can make their own caramel apples.
Kids can make their own masks, do simple stamp activities, and print out finger puppets.
Kids can make their own pizza at wood oven or order the burger, spaghetti, etc.
Kids can make up the teams and the rules to make sure they have fun.
Kids can make up their own rules for what the symbols mean.
Kids can make up their own story lines, on what each color is supposed to do.
Kids can manipulate the sound to different stanzas and sing along.
Kids can match the babies to the animals and circus people in the books.
Kids can match wits against the masters or play with a friend.
Kids can measure length and height by comparing a group of plants that are growing.
Kids can meet actual inventors and discover how they turned their ideas into reality.
Kids can meet and interact with other kids from all around the world.
Kids can meet friends there, learn to ski or snowboard, and the new park even has a magic carpet.
Kids can meet other kids and talk about pets, school, sports, and other interests.
Kids can meet other kids by entering chat rooms.
Kids can meet other wholesome kids and people who care about the same things.
Kids can milk a cow and learn about the operation of a dairy and produce farm.
Kids can mold their favorite edible monsters, and decorate with sprinkles or other candies.
Kids can monitor the activities.
Kids can munch their math in the kitchen and sail their science in the bathtub.
Kids can never get enough guns.
Kids can never get enough knock-knock jokes.
Kids can never have too many books , and birthdays are a great time to add to a toddler's library.
Kids can now join diving parents on an ocean scuba adventure.
Kids can now put all of their cereal on the desk and divide it into colors.
Kids can now stay awake in class and participate in after-school activities.
Kids can now surf freely and safely on the internet with new safexplorer software.
Kids can now watch TV and improve their math skills at the same time.
Kids can offer mini courses in computer do and don ts.
Kids can often read their own words or their peers' language more easily.
Kids can only carry a few thousand to school at a time.
Kids can only send e-mail to people in the same house.
Kids can only take in so much information at any given time.
Kids can open a soup kitchen in a church basement.
Kids can open doors, shop in stores, and more to learn about what New York's past was like.
Kids can operate in an adult world.
Kids can order anything they like from the adult menu at half price.
Kids can order from Western menu, while parents can be adventurous.
Kids can order half portions of all menu items.
Kids can organize social events, study in groups, collaborate homework and projects.
Kids can paddle rafts or ducks.
Kids can paint it with washable paint and add glitter while the paint is still wet.
Kids can paint on a sidewalk, wall or other flat surface to their hearts' content.
Kids can paint the sidewalk and then the paint disappears.
Kids can paint their own masterpiece with safe, washable tempera paints.
Kids can paint with the paint tools, stamp pre-defined shapes or create their own shapes to stamp.
Kids can paint, customize and print unique puzzle creations at three skill levels.
Kids can pan right or left to see and color the entire image.
Kids can participate if they promise to fight only in the ring.
Kids can participate in all the activities in school here.
Kids can participate in fun and educational craft making.
Kids can participate in interactive letterwriting and story creation.
Kids can participate in puppet-making workshops after the show.
Kids can participate in tracking birds and butterflies as they migrate.
Kids can participate with art materials as soon as they step through the doors.
Kids can password-protect their diary, and customize the program to their liking.
Kids can perform, learn, race, run, jump, teach, and tally from start to finish.
Kids can pet animals while parents buy produce.
Kids can pick a picture on the grass and hear the three letter word spoken.
Kids can pick a preseclected list of screen names and play games, read news, sports and jokes.
Kids can pick cool greeting cards to send electronically to family and friends.
Kids can pick out a piece of pottery, paint it and have it fired.
Kids can pick up on math concepts while launching wonderfully harmless water-filled balloons.
Kids can pick up their free general admission tickets at any Rock County library.
Kids can place pieces of honey-soaked bread nearby and see how the ants react.
Kids can plaster the photos on pretty much anything that they want to put their personal stamp on.
Kids can play a crime-solving game, download pictures of badges from all over Georgia.
Kids can play a role in preventing drug use too.
Kids can play against the computer, against other players at home, or live on the internet.
Kids can play all day, accompanied by parents.
Kids can play alone or have fun together.
Kids can play alone or with friends and at three difficulty levels.
Kids can play and learn at the same time of our kids sites.
Kids can play and splash in the water while parents relax.
Kids can play as often as they like.
Kids can play back their movies and even e-mail their masterpieces to relatives and friends.
Kids can play basketball and there are always plenty of games to be found in the lobby.
Kids can play basketball, shoot at our hockey net or skate around the store on in-line skates.
Kids can play chess against friends anywhere in the world.
Kids can play dress-ups .
Kids can play educational games, find activities and get homework help.
Kids can play energy games and win gifts, and also learn about electric safety.
Kids can play exciting games, watch live performances and make authentic Mexican crafts.
Kids can play free thanks to the support of private industry and foundations.
Kids can play games and go outside.
Kids can play games based on space themes while they learn.
Kids can play games or search an encyclopedia geared toward younger children.
Kids can play games with musical instruments and animals.
Kids can play games, color pictures, read storybooks, or get help with their homework.
Kids can play games, enter contests and read about toys here.
Kids can play games, find fun activities, and get homework help.
Kids can play games, print out paper dolls to play with, and even enter the doll-designing contest.
Kids can play holiday games.
Kids can play in most streets.
Kids can play in snow parks filled with obstacle courses, slalom gates, slides and more.
Kids can play in training or competition mode, solo or with up to two friends.
Kids can play in virtual tide pools .
Kids can play in virtual tide pools.
Kids can play it any time they want some fun arcade action.
Kids can play on the playground.
Kids can play on the sidewalk, which is long, or on the blacktop, where most kids play kick ball.
Kids can play pool, darts, pinball, and video games for free.
Kids can play pool, foosball, ping pong, bumper pool or a variety of board games.
Kids can play safely in designated areas on the farm without climbing into trouble.
Kids can play safely on floors cleaned with non-toxic products.
Kids can play sleuth to find out where the shirts are manufactured.
Kids can play slo-pitch, golf or go biking or inline skatng on the Variety Village grounds.
Kids can play sports games and enter to win great prizes.
Kids can play sports on even competitive levels at early ages.
Kids can play tag, hide and seek, or race through the maze to the middle and back.
Kids can play the dumptown game and see how residents turn their backyard town around.
Kids can play the game as an adventure or in practice mode.
Kids can play the game repeatedly, hunting for new toys every time.
Kids can play the game with their friends over the Internet.
Kids can play the latest games or surf the 'net' on our high speed computers.
Kids can play the lower levels and have fun.
Kids can play the tractor hand signals game .
Kids can play with a screen full of numbers, chalk boards and a play area.
Kids can play with adults, men against women, and old against young.
Kids can play with all the toysand join in the family fun activities.
Kids can play with grandparents.
Kids can play with pool equipment and create their own water sport.
Kids can play, roll down the grassy slopes.
Kids can play, work,and go to school.
Kids can play.
Kids can plunk out their own tune with piano, guitar, harp, xylophone, or a tuba.
Kids can practice basic skills in addition, subtraction, multiplication,and division.
Kids can practise their reading with a buddy and learn about the many library resources.
Kids can prepare a huge salad.
Kids can prepare for the party by making banners, posters, and flags to decorate the TV room.
Kids Can Press jumbo book series.
Kids Can Press.
Kids can pretend they are groundhogs crawling through their tunnels.
Kids can print a coloring book.
Kids can print a sheet to write the story or type it out on their computers.
Kids can print and color a dinosaur picture.
Kids can print information and pictures for reports or personal use.
Kids can print out a farm and buildings.
Kids can print out and color their garden.
Kids can print out free tangram puzzle pieces and designs.
Kids can print out their cookie masterpieces when they are done.
Kids can print out their images as posters and even stickers.
Kids can print the files as reports.
Kids can probably bust any kind of technology invented.
Kids can program.
Kids can prophesy, too.
Kids can publish their own news, sports, stories etc.
Kids can purchase discounted hunting licenses.
Kids can push their faces and bodies into huge pin cushions.
Kids can put on a puppet show by making a theater from a cardboard box.
Kids can put on their thinking caps and solve riddles while learning important skills.
Kids can put their artistic skills to the test with coloring and hat making.
Kids can put their own distinctive marks on backpacks and gym bags.
Kids can race a clock or select from two levels of difficulty.
Kids can raise money to send directly to the poor.
Kids can rate sites and add their own.
Kids can rate their diet and learn how to make healthier food choices.
Kids can reach that level with one beer, one shot or one wine cooler.
Kids can read about history and send an e-mail to the president.
Kids can read along with the story.
Kids can read an illustrated interactive story or download a coloring page.
Kids can read and solve a mystery online, and submit their own mystery stories.
Kids can read and win prizes.
Kids can read book reviews written by other kids and submit their own too.
Kids can read it without endangering themselves.
Kids can read other kids' writing and submit their own plus read book reviews by kids.
Kids can read science trivia, science jokes, and play science games.
Kids can read the alcoholic like a book.
Kids can read their history book and get by.
Kids can realize the joy their art can bring.
Kids can really let off stream and afterwards just hang down.
Kids can reap great benefits from team play.
Kids can recite along with the voice for practice.
Kids can reconfigure the pieces as they wish.
Kids can recreate their vehicle each time they play.
Kids can recycle their own juice and soda pop cans, milk and juice cartons, and school papers.
Kids can redeem accumulated points for prizes.
Kids can register here to participate as a home viewer and possibly win a prize.
Kids can register online free to participate.
Kids can register that day at the pond.
Kids can relate to benevolence in their favorite celebrities and sports figures.
Kids can relate to guilty pleasure.
Kids can relate to it.
Kids can relate to our staff, making mutual respect a reality.
Kids can relate to subjects such as potty training, separation anxiety from mom, sharing, and fun.
Kids can relate to that.
Kids can rent period costumes to wear, then pose for pictures in the stocks or play soldier.
Kids can request the answers through email.
Kids can research nonprofit organizations and give input on choosing a cause they want to support.
Kids can return repeatedly and still find new places to explore.
Kids can reuse the cool mini boxes to stow away special treasures long after the notes are gone.
Kids can ride .
Kids can ride 'bents quite comfortably.
Kids can ride it with or without saddle, single or double.
Kids can ride on neighborhood sidewalks.
Kids can ride the mosquitos.
Kids can ride their bikes and Rollerblade in the street with no problems.
Kids can ride their bikes anywhere in town without fear.
Kids can Ride.
Kids can rise to the level if given the opportunity.
Kids can ruin udders on show goats.
Kids can run among the lush, subtropical vegetation.
Kids can run and leap within hours of birth.
Kids can run out in the street in a second.
Kids can run through musket drills with costumed fort guards.
Kids can satisfy their curiosity or stir it.
Kids can save lists of their favorite things, and do much more.
Kids can save their compositions.
Kids can save their game or start a new game every time they play.
Kids can save up to six storybooks, which can be printed for away from the computer fun.
Kids can say the darndest things.
Kids can scoop and bulldoze without the complimentary cat favors.
Kids can scratch and sniff the stickers.
Kids can scroll through previous haircuts and see their growth from one haircut to the next.
Kids can search for images and music, too.
Kids can search for information about people, sports, science, countries of the world and more.
Kids can search the web for research or entertainment.
Kids can secretly record a message and then send it to their friend for playback.
Kids can see a magic show and get their faces painted.
Kids can see demonstrations of the principles of flight.
Kids can see fire trucks up close, and get a ride around the park.
Kids can see how a fish works and then fashion their own.
Kids can see how laundry was done before the invention of the washing machine.
Kids can see how nature's creatures interact and live with one another.
Kids can see it and move it and hear the beads - it's right there.
Kids can see it, feel it and touch it.
Kids can see movies, eat food, and ride cars or bikes.
Kids can see other children's pictures or enter their own art projects.
Kids can see photos and read about the lives of children in other countries.
Kids can see that it's real.
Kids can see the creative nature of science by making things too.
Kids can see the horses close up, so be sure to bring a camera.
Kids can see the TV just fine and are less likely to fall asleep or get restless.
Kids can see their own development when they look at work they've done.
Kids can see where to start when dressing.
Kids can select a head, a torso, and feet to create something weird.
Kids can select games for their age group and learn in the process.
Kids can select pizza, ravioli, chicken nuggets.
Kids can send e-mail to authors.
Kids can send in their art to be posted online.
Kids can send in their homework.
Kids can send messages to world leaders, find keypals, and play games.
Kids can sense a public relations job a mile away.
Kids can sense fear like animals do.
Kids can sense it.
Kids can serve themselves.
Kids can set it up.
Kids can set up auditions by calling the number above.
Kids can set up their teams, picking players, team names, and uniforms.
Kids can share artwork, and poetry while parents can share anecdotes about their kids.
Kids can share coconut meat with classmates and tell the story about coconuts.
Kids can share the artifacts of their learning with their peers from other countries and cultures.
Kids can share their original art with friends, family, each other and the world.
Kids can share their stories with other kids or chat with other kids.
Kids can share their thoughts, dreams, ideas, and hopes.
Kids can shorten long animations and music tracks by pressing on the spacebar.
Kids can show more compassion and love if they know what is bothering the other person.
Kids can show when parents come.
Kids can sift through the sands to discover bones and other hidden treats.
Kids can sign in to the game as individuals or as groups.
Kids can sign up for such activities as bowling, play-acting and swimming.
Kids can silently contact home to let mom know they forgot their lunch.
Kids can sing solo, as a group or adults can join in to create a family chorus.
Kids can sing solo, or gather the family for a music festival and show off their talents.
Kids can sink nets into estuarine waters in search of what lives there.
Kids can sit in a real airplane, too.
Kids can sit in a toy chief's buggy and dress up in miniature turnouts.
Kids can sit inside the teepee for a quiet hide away.
Kids can sit on the floor and play it or carry it under one arm.
Kids can sit so close, they can see the curve of the pitch and hear the crack of the bat.
Kids can ski by themselves while mom and dad take some turns on their own, worry free.
Kids can slide down a short tunnel into a mineral dig area.
Kids can slide down Slide Rock, a large, naturaly polished boulder.
Kids can smell bullshit a mile away.
Kids can smell hypocrisy and manipulation a mile away.
Kids can smoke pot, too.
Kids can snap pictures of their favorite pieces and create a slide show focused on a theme.
Kids can solicite all family members, neighbors and their co-workers.
Kids can solve math problems and match their solutions.
Kids can solve the animal riddles by peeking through the die cut holes in the pages.
Kids can sort money in the jars.
Kids can sort seeds coming up with their own categories, they can sort flowers the same way.
Kids can spend all day without ever getting bored.
Kids can spend an afternoon or morning with an award-winning figure skater.
Kids can spend endless hours climbing, sliding and swinging on the castle playground.
Kids can spend hours digging in the sand.
Kids can splash in the shallow end and watch their favorite characters.
Kids can spray stripes, stars, rainbow designs, etc., onto hair of young customers.
Kids can spread out, play games, run in the yard, and just be kids.
Kids can spread peanut butter on celery sticks or apple slices.
Kids can squirm around more, or be cornered if necessary.
Kids can start by clicking through a nine-page tutorial.
Kids can start doing simple cooking tasks as early as age two.
Kids can start over.
Kids can start their own plants.
Kids can start using credit cards at an early age with parental counsel and involvement.
Kids can stay for one or more sessions.
Kids can stay healthy, have fun, and learn at the same time.
Kids can stay in touch with friends and family.
Kids can stay on a given screen as long as they like.
Kids can steer, rev and beep as they strengthen gross motor coordination skills.
Kids can stick the toothpicks in the banana boats as masts and sails.
Kids can still enjoy the health benefits of fresh fruits and veggies.
Kids can still fall through the cracks here too.
Kids can stone-grind corn, weave a blanket or examine bone awls and pot shards under a microscope.
Kids can stop in the library and answer trivia questions, then place entries in a box for a drawing.
Kids can strengthen mouse skills while playing a game.
Kids can stretch it, re-form it, mold it around other toys, use it to transfer print, etc.
Kids can submit animal names and contribute to a bread cookbook online.
Kids can submit drawings to hang in the online gallery.
Kids can submit drawings to illustrate the fairytales.
Kids can submit ideas for experiments or skits they want to see through the suggestion board.
Kids can submit one entry every month if they choose.
Kids can submit own problems.
Kids can submit questions on any topic and the results are presented in a kid-friendly format.
Kids can submit stories.
Kids can submit their answer.
Kids can submit their comments and art work.
Kids can submit their own articles.
Kids can submit their own work.
Kids can submit their poetry.
Kids can submit their work to the site.
Kids can submit their writing to their own cyberzine.
Kids can suffer from progressive paralysis eventually leading to death.
Kids can sure come up with some humdingers, some real humdingers.
Kids can surf the net for help with homework or to find out about their favorite team.
Kids can swap things without money exchange but points.
Kids can t articulate it.
Kids can t even go to school anymore without worrying about getting shot or killed.
Kids can t learn if the school is dirty, if they re hungry or if they can t get to school.
Kids can t use visual tracking before age six.
Kids can take a drive through Safety City .
Kids can take a quiz and even create their own fish.
Kids can take a ten-question quiz about the dangers of smoking to earn a free poster.
Kids can take a tour through water wetlands, and an endangered species list.
Kids can take a tour, learn about first families over the years, or write a letter to the president.
Kids can take anger, sadness, even the breakup of a marriage.
Kids can take lessons then display their work on the web.
Kids can take part in traditional crafts under the supervision of skilled artisans.
Kids can take part individually or enter with their class.
Kids can take place in interactive geography adventures.
Kids can take quizzes on food, drugs, medicine, and tobacco.
Kids can take quizzes on the books they read and accumulate points that lead to prizes.
Kids can take the engine apart, plus tinker with the gears, spark plugs and pistons.
Kids can take the tapes home to share with their parents.
Kids can take their files home or to libraries or school to continue work.
Kids can take turns being the monster.
Kids can take turns playing different parts.
Kids can take up kayaking, archery, trapeze, and sailing.
Kids can talk about school, or just hang out.
Kids can talk to each other using the computer and chat lines.
Kids can talk to others working on the same subjects.
Kids can talk to parents about schoolwork, extracurricular activities, and friendships.
Kids can talk to Santa and parents can spend some relaxing time with neighbors.
Kids can teach kids about technology better than adults.
Kids can teach other kids around the world.
Kids can teach, too.
Kids can team up to read aloud and act out each other's paragraphs.
Kids can tee off during Spring Break, too, at the Golf for Kids class.
Kids can tell whether something comes from the heart.
Kids can tend a virtual garden without even leaving the house.
Kids can test and discard a variety of combinations before tackling the real thing.
Kids can test their agility on ladders and inner-tube walks.
Kids can test their knowledge of safety and fun on the slopes.
Kids can test their skill at an obstacle course or treasure hunt.
Kids can test themselves, or take turns with parents or friends to make a game of it.
Kids can then add their original creation to the cookbook and make it again anytime.
Kids can then check off jobs they've done and submit the summary for thier parents' approval.
Kids can then compare their drawings to a diagram of an accessible bathroom.
Kids can then graph the number of jobs and kinds of jobs on a chart.
Kids can then guide their own healthy eating habits using the food pyramid.
Kids can then latch on and identify parts of the process while defining elements of dispositions.
Kids can then surf the websites submitted by their parents and others.
Kids can then take over and match the stickers to the appropriate labeled outline.
Kids can then test their bike safety knowledge.
Kids can thrive eating the same foods over and over and avoiding anything new and different.
Kids can time things.
Kids can tire quickly of the constant work that can be involved with caring for any animal.
Kids can toss their frustration, and tackle terrifying text from several different directions.
Kids can touch sea cucumbers and sea anemones in a shallow touch tank in the entry way.
Kids can trace a food chain from a favorite food.
Kids can trace patterns through the paper.
Kids can trace their route and look up attractions along the way.
Kids can transform boxes into forts, ships, castles, masks, or doll houses.
Kids can travel readily to and from school, daycare, friends' houses or the mall.
Kids can travel the world and solar system.
Kids can travel the world, watch cartoons, play games, win prizes, and enjoy music.
Kids can truthfully tell their teacher that their pet ate their homework.
Kids can try a great outdoor activity such as making their own bricks from sand, straw, and flour.
Kids can try home science experiments or play a game that teaches how penguins communicate.
Kids can try some cool fun sites or do some research from our Kids Only page.
Kids can try some of the experiments on their own.
Kids can try the corkscrew roller coaster, the water flume ride and several other ride attractions.
Kids can try the maze as many times as they like for a nominal fee.
Kids can try their hand at fishing for carp and catfish throughout the summer.
Kids can try to build as long a bridge as possible that can support a given amount of weight.
Kids can tune up their food trivia skills as they are quizzed with questions and pictures.
Kids can turn their curiosity and creativity into accomplishment in the kitchen.
Kids can type any phrase they want and the computer reads whatever they type.
Kids can type in a search term or browse through the suggested subjects.
Kids can understand that and agree it's fair.
Kids can understand the law too.
Kids can upload their scanned artwork into the gallery.
Kids can use a nice notebook and cut out pictures, draw or write poems about that day's feelings.
Kids can use all kinds of software tools to make their homework and reports shine.
Kids can use all the adult friends and mentors they can find.
Kids can use different toys and floating devices for their swimming enjoyment.
Kids can use it and check it out for use.
Kids can use it for a homework project or simply for fun .
Kids can use it for magnets, as a raceway for small cars or as a foundation for blocks and Legos.
Kids can use it, too, as a launching pad for their own explorations.
Kids can use notes to make personal messages for their friends.
Kids can use orange paint to add a beak and black paint for the feet.
Kids can use research skills to find out the size of various animals' eggs.
Kids can use shorter boards.
Kids can use the card either to give Santa their wish list or to thank Santa.
Kids can use the characters and their stories to develop and produce multimedia plays.
Kids can use the colorful bookmark to mark their places in their favorite book.
Kids can use the Internet for their homework.
Kids can use the play area free with admission.
Kids can use their arms in a lay-up fashion as they do their skipping drills.
Kids can use their chin or their feet to steer, depending on their position.
Kids can use toothpicks to decorate the cookies.
Kids can use without any help.
Kids can view wrestling on pay per view, and cable networks as often as four nights per week.
Kids can visit and revisit the site for age-related activities.
Kids can visit the big red barn and watch a cow being milked.
Kids can visit the craft room and make gifts while parents enjoy the market.
Kids can volunteer to serve the poor people.
Kids can wade almost anywhere except the deepest holes catching crawdads, frogs, and bluegills.
Kids can wage laser battles, drive bumper cars or climb colorful plastic contraptions.
Kids can walk a bit to their ride.
Kids can walk across the street and be exposed to the game of golf.
Kids can walk around trouble, if there is some place to walk to, and someone to walk with.
Kids can walk through the barn and pet or hold the various animals.
Kids can walk to a store without crossing a freeway.
Kids can walk with nerf balls between their legs or roll the ball on the ground with their nose.
Kids can wander store aisles, selecting items they want to try on in the virtual dressing room.
Kids can watch a cow get born if they've a hankering - or they can get a gerbil.
Kids can watch a nicely animated center ring, complete with amazing performances and show tunes.
Kids can watch birds, wildlife, and more with their own set of binoculars.
Kids can watch chicks hatch, make rocket fuel or go on a molecular treasure hunt.
Kids can watch close-up scenes of earthworms at work, hatching from cocoons, and more.
Kids can watch it in peace without getting scared.
Kids can watch the ballgame or simply have a ball in our stadium playground.
Kids can watch, for example, a marshmallow explode on Mars and puff up on a mountaintop.
Kids can wear their pajamas to school that day.
Kids can wear their pajamas, and their favorite slippers or socks.
Kids can widen their scope and observation.
Kids can win at home, but it takes men to win on the road.
Kids can win free software by entering our monthly software giveaways.
Kids can win fun prizes in keeping with the theme, such as pirate eye patches, tattoos, and flags.
Kids can win prizes by answering quizzes as they work their way through the maze.
Kids can work at their own pace.
Kids can work individually.
Kids can work on arts and crafts and play games.
Kids can work on more performance based activities.
Kids can work on the real campaigns of local political candidates.
Kids can work through it on their own.
Kids can work together with parents or educators to create their own personal pages.
Kids can work with the alphabet in eight variations of letter games.
Kids can work with the alphabet. . .
Kids can write about themselves and their interests and hobbies, or send features, poems or stories.
Kids can write poems from the paintings.
Kids can write silly songs, dress up and turn their talents into a musical production.
Kids can write slogans and speeches, too.
Kids can write stories and book reviews, solve mathematical puzzles, and play interactive games.
Kids can write their own cards.
Kids can write their own holiday message on the placard.
Kids can write their own stories that can be used in mock trials or judiciary studies.
Kids can, however, still play all of our favorite games.
Kids can, too.
Kids care about the environment too .
Kids care about the snack.
Kids care about their friends on the team.
Kids care if their potatoes touch their peas.
Kids care that what they're eating tastes good.
Kids carry around a year's worth of curriculum in their backpack in the form of bound paper.
Kids carry around ammo cans all the time, even to school.
Kids carry cell phones with antennae that flash bright blue when a call arrives.
Kids carry glasses while swimming in the ocean so they can drink seawater.
Kids carry home notes and letters from teachers and principals.
Kids carve pumpkins and receive awards for their creations.
Kids catch a lesson in tackle and tackle a close-up look at the catch.
Kids catch it from each other from combs, brushes and bath mats.
Kids catch on really quickly.
Kids caught with cigarettes in Rochester now pay a fine.
Kids certainly do.
Kids certainly love their Golden buddies with all their hearts and souls.
Kids change and grow daily.
Kids change on-screen world by moving dolls in the real dollhouse.
Kids change over time.
Kids change their minds all the time.
Kids cheat all the time when they correct their own papers.
Kids check in, but they never check out.
Kids cherish their passbooks and love to watch their savings grow.
Kids choose between diamond, plastic, and wood.
Kids choose customized, wacky appearances for themselves, then set out to explore the castle.
Kids choose foods for breakfast, lunch and dinner that make up a balanced diet.
Kids choose from a huge amount of colors as well as textures and vibrant patterns.
Kids choose from a variety of houses, businesses and parks.
Kids choose names for people all the time.
Kids choose plaster items, molded into fun figures to paint and glaze.
Kids choose the coloring tools they want to use and go to work coloring.
Kids choose the topics.
Kids choose their space ship and crew and attempt to be the first to land on Mars.
Kids choose what foods they know.
Kids choose which verse is best suited for six different situations.
Kids claim they saw grandpa's bones burning, everyone goes to look except the deceased's wife.
Kids clamber up the sides of idle railroad cars for a view.
Kids clean the mess hall and set the tables for the next meal.
Kids clearly benefit from strong bonds with caring advisers.
Kids click an interactive color mural to start the adventure.
Kids click and explore objects that branch to melodies, animations, and songs.
Kids Click Another great search site for the younger Internet searcher.
Kids Click Another highly recommended site for quick homework help.
Kids Click Find any subject click and learn.
Kids click here .
Kids Click Here .
Kids Click Here to learn all about water.
Kids click here.
Kids click on an object.
Kids click on different barnyard animals to see a little video of each.
Kids Click on the caterpillar to become a botanist in training.
Kids click to hear the words, and as they explore they find simple, animated hot spots.
Kids Clicks is a search engine, developed by librarians, for kids.
Kids climb a magical tree of learning and discovery.
Kids climb through pipes, dodge falling rocks and fend other dangers in a dash for the castle.
Kids climb up a ladder on one side and slide down the other.
Kids cluster in the halls between periods.
Kids collect and swap the ads, which feature celebrities of all types sporting milk mustaches.
Kids collect butterflies and sea shells and strange colored pebbles and baseball cards.
Kids color the great scenes and learn fascinating facts about desert wildlife and plants.
Kids coloring books, with their large graphics, make excellent designs for children s puzzles.
Kids come and go mighty fast.
Kids come apart easier than boiled chicken.
Kids come away having had a really fun time learning and making lots of new friends.
Kids come away with a sense of confidence, togetherness and respect.
Kids come away with basic cooking skills that include nutrition and sanitation.
Kids come back and visit.
Kids come back from all over the country.
Kids come back year after year.
Kids come by after school or on weekends and sign up for a time slot at one of six work-stations.
Kids come by that night to see the lighted pumpkins, and their eyes just light up.
Kids come check out our fun sites and activities links.
Kids come first.
Kids Come First.
Kids come from all over the area to cruise here.
Kids come from all over the city, but mostly from the Bronx.
Kids come from all over the world, from nearly every state and from next door to the golf course.
Kids come from everywhere to enjoy the attractions of a great camp.
Kids come from everywhere to summer camps in the lush countryside of Transylvania County.
Kids come from homes.
Kids come from out of the woodwork.
Kids come here to get an education.
Kids come here to learn new things, but they also learn about themselves.
Kids come home and they are exhausted beyond belief.
Kids come home exhausted most of the time because they have had a lot of fun at camp.
Kids come in all ages.
Kids come in all flavors and so do our camps.
Kids come in all languages .
Kids come in all shapes, sizes, and ages.
Kids come in and they never get yelled at.
Kids come in as non-readers and then are reading chapter books by the end of the year.
Kids come in different sizes, have different needs.
Kids come in for candy.
Kids come in from outside.
Kids come in needing eyeglasses or a new pair of shoes or a dental visit.
Kids come in pajamas, bring a pillow and parents.
Kids come in pajamas, bring pillow and parents.
Kids come in the rooms some days, they just smell like manure.
Kids come in to talk to counselors about their troubles.
Kids come in without knowledge about computers and just want the chance to learn.
Kids come in.
Kids come into classes and the only motivation they have for performing well is to get into college.
Kids come into school saying they love science, that it's their favorite subject.
Kids come meet Santa and enjoy our famous breakfast buffet by the bay.
Kids come out , come out.
Kids come out of their shells, their self-confidence really builds up.
Kids come out wringing wet, and that's our objective.
Kids come see a real fire truck.
Kids come seeking help with homework and reading comprehension.
Kids come through.
Kids come to a point in the road where they have to make a choice.
Kids come to a problem, and the only response they have is to kill themselves.
Kids come to camp because it is fun, and it is.
Kids come to check out books.
Kids come to feel unworthy, unwanted, and unacceptable.
Kids come to love the game's fast pace and positive competition.
Kids come to our door willingly.
Kids come to our schools, grow up a bit, and move on.
Kids come to school with an incredible range of emotional issues.
Kids come to school with so much prior knowledge.
Kids come to the computer to be in control.
Kids come to the shop to take courses on how to fix and repair broken bikes.
Kids come together to talk to each other about their fears and challenges as well as to have fun.
Kids come up to our level with experience.
Kids come who are really interested in writing.
Kids come willingly.
Kids come with mom and dad's old wedding pictures that have never been treated well.
Kids come with their summer baby-sitter and choose materials to read and enjoy.
Kids come, kids go.
Kids coming back through the wrestlebacks are what did it.
Kids coming out of college are Internet-savvy.
Kids coming to the camps can now snowboard, skateboard, and snowskate.
Kids command a squad of helicopters, fire engines and rescue boats.
Kids comment on romance .
Kids commit crimes because they know they are protected by it.
Kids compare plans all the time.
Kids compete against other handlers in their age group.
Kids compete for prizes at home or the classroom.
Kids compete in beauty pageants, talent shows and tractor pulls.
Kids compete instinctively.
Kids compete to win and in so doing build admirable traits.
Kids compete with kids of similar age and size.
Kids complain about having to go to school all day, and getting too much homework.
Kids compose by choosing the order of musical phrases and types of instruments.
Kids compose by choosing the order of musical phrases and types of intstruments.
Kids conclude that the rules are made to be broken.
Kids conduct controlled experiments to determine the best way to mummify a slice of fruit.
Kids confront the problems of media scrutiny.
Kids consider Web sites and emails as effective as print ads.
Kids consists of dependents of primary account holder, In school, and living in same household.
Kids constantly receive powerful, confusing messages about sex on TV, in ads, music, and videos.
Kids continue to identify and satisfy rules.
Kids continue to squeal for several minutes.
Kids continue to work on the booth for Austin Science Fun Day.
Kids contribute art and writing to share with others.
Kids control their world on the Net.
Kids converge with soccer balls, footballs, softballs, baseballs, musical instruments and computers.
Kids copy CDs wholesale.
Kids cost a lot - and as they get older, they cost even more.
Kids cost a lot of money, but the technology they use is so basic it requires many hands.
Kids cost money.
Kids count county data book.
Kids count data book .
Kids count data book.
Kids count, laugh, point, and hold their heads.
Kids crack up at the fact that skeletons literally have no body.
Kids crave the good feelings that come from hugs, kisses and warm touches.
Kids create art.
Kids create artwork that they can take home.
Kids create artwork to remind employees of ways they can contribute to cleaner air.
Kids create books and they print out in book format with page numbers at the bottom.
Kids create faces and cut out their lanterns.
Kids create moonbuggies and compete in a race.
Kids create plays, make collages, and write about their dreams.
Kids create sketches for a story.
Kids create the stories, articles, reviews and artwork.
Kids create their own art work in Paint Pad, then add it to their projects.
Kids create their own printable books by placing text, scenery and characters on each page.
Kids create their own reports, stories, letters, etc.
Kids create their own web sites to share information about hobbies and other interests.
Kids Create Themselves.
Kids create trouble.
Kids create two pendulums using string, modeling clay and two chairs.
Kids crowd in for a photo in Zanzibar's Stone Town, Tanzania.
Kids crowd in to look.
Kids currently play on the site and used for nature walks, but the kids like to Mt. Bike.
Kids dance, stop, dance some more, stop, dance again, stop.
Kids dart in and out, a dog begs a nibble, and someone dares to float a terrible pun.
Kids dash out of class.
Kids deal better with black and white.
Kids deal with death, and with sex, and with violence all the time.
Kids deal with their anger in many different ways.
Kids debate and build their own digital nation.
Kids decide how hard the questions are and what type of mathematics they want to practice.
Kids decide how much to eat.
Kids decide on hair style, eyes and nose color.
Kids decide the level of difficulty in their questions.
Kids decide they want to do it and recruit their parents.
Kids decide what is a sentence and what's a fragment to save the rain forest and save animals.
Kids decorate the bus.
Kids decorate the page with graphics and text and the program does the rest of the work.
Kids decorate the swing on their first night.
Kids decorate their fingerprints to look like a new Spring chick.
Kids decorate their footprint to look like a new Spring chick.
Kids definately grow up way too fast.
Kids definitely use designated drivers.
Kids delight in clambering around the ramparts and roaming through the fort's dank corridors.
Kids delight in hearing about people who have persisted against great odds.
Kids delight in pulling the wool over adult eyes, if they can.
Kids delight in trying to guess what they are feeling with their hand.
Kids derive comfort from the repetition, the rhythm and the ritual of the words.
Kids deserve a carefree and safe childhood along with the promise of a bright future.
Kids deserve a chance to exercise all of their options.
Kids deserve better.
Kids deserve the same consideration as adults.
Kids deserve the same dignity that adults expect.
Kids deserve the stability and security of having a real home.
Kids deserve the time and undivided attention of their mums and dads.
Kids deserve the truth.
Kids deserve to be safe at school.
Kids deserve to have nutritious foods every day of their lives.
Kids design and make their stick horses.
Kids design their ideas on paper and computer and build prototypes.
Kids desire play games.
Kids desire play.
Kids desire their teachers approval, just as they desire their parents approval.
Kids develop a certain contempt for adults as a result.
Kids develop a full year of progressive reading skills.
Kids develop a sense of self-worth early in life.
Kids develop all sorts of beliefs about alcohol, some accurate and some erroneous or distorted.
Kids develop an awareness for caring for the environment.
Kids develop and pursue their own discussion topics.
Kids develop at such different rates and start at such different times.
Kids develop at their own pace.
Kids develop bad eating habits watching television.
Kids develop Christian character as they play games and memorize Bible verses.
Kids develop critical thinking, logic, estimation, and spatial relationships.
Kids develop dance routines.
Kids develop habits.
Kids develop negotiating skills at a pretty young age.
Kids develop self discipline, courtesy, and respect.
Kids develop self esteem while they learn self defense in a fun, noncompetitive environment.
Kids develop self-esteem and learn to be involved in providing for themselves.
Kids develop skills in problem solving.
Kids develop that kind of patterning by studying music.
Kids develop the ability to internalize feelings, understand the perspective of others.
Kids develop their unique self-expression through creative avenues.
Kids die because they are wearing the wrong color rag or their laces are tied in a particular way.
Kids dig for fossils and crystals all over the world.
Kids dig for real fossils and crystals.
Kids Dig Gardening Offers advice on getting children interested in gardening.
Kids dig in and find out for themselves.
Kids dig in to delicious pizza before participating in a variety of fun games and activities.
Kids dig it.
Kids disappear into a whale's mouth and reappear overlooking a big fish tank.
Kids discover how they use their five senses.
Kids discover information about spiders and other animals while creating a book.
Kids discover strengths through choice, risk, failure, insight and success.
Kids discover that science is fun and that they are scientists and that they can be scientists.
Kids discover the forces that keep airplanes and kites flying high.
Kids discover the steps involved in putting a newspaper together.
Kids discover the wonders of our watershed as they play games and create their very own wave bottle.
Kids discover ways.
Kids discuss issues, concerns, or learn ways to solve social conflicts.
Kids discuss rules and consequences, and make their own savings banks.
Kids discuss whatever is on their minds in our age-appropriate, moderated news area.
Kids display wonderment as they stare at all the sizes and shapes at our annual Bubble Festival .
Kids dive off the rocks.
Kids do activities.
Kids do all sorts of activities including spelling, counting and helping others.
Kids do all the selling and help lots with the work on the farm.
Kids do and say pretty much what they want, without fear of the consequences.
Kids do art projects to express themselves, but also to develop a mastery of their own fingers.
Kids do ask the darnedest things, and now, they can find the answers.
Kids do best when their lives are stable, dependable, and largely predictable.
Kids do better in school when their parents are involved.
Kids do better than grown-ups, according to hay maze authorities.
Kids do better without bilingual education.
Kids do die from asthma attacks.
Kids do drugs.
Kids do fine if they receive loving contact from both parents.
Kids do foolish things without regard to consequences.
Kids do get headaches.
Kids do get the message.
Kids do grow up much faster, seeing far less of their parents.
Kids do have a better chance to achieve at a higher level if teacher performance can be enhanced.
Kids do have questions.
Kids do it all the time.
Kids do it because they get away with it.
Kids do it constantly.
Kids do it for meanness sometimes.
Kids do it just because it's fun.
Kids do it very naturally.
Kids do it, grown-ups do it, heck, even dogs do it.
Kids do it.
Kids do jobs appropriate to their ages.
Kids do like hitting most of all, but they all want to be the first hitter.
Kids do like raw vegetables.
Kids do like to cook, and depending on their ages and abilities, they can help with family meals.
Kids do like to roam around on their own here.
Kids do listen.
Kids do love a good laugh.
Kids do love soy cakes, especially with a little soy sauce, hot sauce, or sweet'n'sour sauce.
Kids do love to have class competitions.
Kids do more together.
Kids do most anything to collect more and to get the special ones.
Kids do no better the second time around, become potential dropouts, and cost the schools bundles.
Kids do rainbow names to go beside their portrait.
Kids do real research with frogs and toads.
Kids do say the darndest things.
Kids do say the darnedest things.
Kids do speedwork as a natural part of play.
Kids do strange things sometimes.
Kids do stupid things, ya know.
Kids do stupid things.
Kids do that all the time.
Kids do that.
Kids do the craziest things.
Kids do the darndest things.
Kids do the dumbest things.
Kids do the maintenance work on the trail so people can have a nice time hiking on it.
Kids do their own self-evaluations too.
Kids do themselves a disservice when they take their parents for granted.
Kids do things on the spur of the moment.
Kids do things then because they expect to get something in return.
Kids do things to get on a parents nerve, sometimes, but lately it is everything that they do.
Kids do unexpected things.
Kids do want to work hard, kids want to be studs.
Kids do what the teacher did.
Kids do work in painting, drawing, printmaking, collage, and sculpture.
Kids do, however, get first-rate sex education, and they are able learners.
Kids do, however, have reunion fantasies even when one parent is jailed or in Tasmania.
Kids don t always know how to react other than instinctively.
Kids don t care if it s a toy or a gun.
Kids don t care if it s low-tech.
Kids don t climb mountains they climb things on the mountain.
Kids don t come here in as good shape, physically.
Kids don t get along, they said, and fight with each other.
Kids don t get bored with what they like.
Kids don t get cancer.
Kids don t have heroes anymore.
Kids don t have massive attention spans nor do they have much gumption.
Kids don t have school during vacation.
Kids don t know what courage means.
Kids don t know what they don t know.
Kids don t really want to have to sign up every year.
Kids don t relate to death and illness as much as bad breath and personal grooming.
Kids don t spend time at the lake anymore.
Kids don t start out unselfish and eager to help mom.
Kids don t sweat like adults, so they don t have a built-in cooling mechanism.
Kids don t think of computer interaction in terms of menus and windows, but of games.
Kids don t think they know what s going on.
Kids don t want everything they ask for.
Kids dont just forget.
Kids draw a house plan on how to escape from their home during a fire.
Kids draw a line, it follow the line by color sensor.
Kids draw on paper on top of a digitizing tablet.
Kids draw pictures that go along with a story of their own making.
Kids draw their plant or animal from the web game.
Kids draw with crayons that contain bentonite from mines in the Cowboy State.
Kids dream about bad tigers and elephants, adults dream about bad moms and dads.
Kids dress differently, too.
Kids dress in costumes and go from door to door begging treats.
Kids dress like they're going to the beach.
Kids dress up in costumes and go trick or treating.
Kids drink milk.
Kids drink now to the limit.
Kids drink salty water.
Kids drink the milk which contains the virus and become infected.
Kids drink water.
Kids drink, especially in college.
Kids drive motorized jeeps around the town and learn about traffic and pedestrian safety.
Kids drive parents choices, especially with parents that have never owned a computer before.
Kids drop out at huge rates and nobody even knew their names.
Kids drop out of school, stay out all night long, have nowhere to stay and become street kids.
Kids drop parents off at school.
Kids dropping out of high school are the greatest drain on a community.
Kids earn cash or prizes when selling greeting cards, stationery and gifts.
Kids earn clues to find the missing treasure by completing each set of activities.
Kids earn computers for themselves, as part of the training program.
Kids earn points by completing homework assignments.
Kids earn points for correct answers and get a healthy dose of reality when they miss questions.
Kids earn points repairing computers.
Kids earn scoops of ice cream based on reading goals.
Kids earn tokens for deposits redeemable for prizes.
Kids earn virtual stickers as they complete activities.
Kids eat a lot of sugar in their cereals, pastries or donuts for breakfast.
Kids eat all meals free.
Kids eat and stay free and there is also free parking.
Kids eat best when they're more relaxed.
Kids eat better when they enjoy eating with their friends.
Kids eat breakfasts.
Kids eat dairy products.
Kids eat dirt.
Kids eat fast food.
Kids eat food.
Kids eat foods they can dip in ranch dressing, peanut butter, or other flavorful dips.
Kids eat free on Wednesdays.
Kids eat free only when ordening from special menu.
Kids eat free only when ordering from special menu.
Kids eat free program.
Kids eat free with a paying adult at their oceanside restaurant.
Kids eat free with a paying adult.
Kids Eat Free with a paying adult.
Kids eat free.
Kids Eat Free.
Kids eat in a funny way.
Kids eat it up.
Kids eat junk food.
Kids eat less food and take up less space, but they're often charged adult rates.
Kids eat like adults most of the time.
Kids eat products.
Kids eat solid food.
Kids eat up if they can serve themselves or help make it.
Kids eat what's available.
Kids eat when they are hungry and stop when they are full.
Kids eat with each other.
Kids eat with their parents.
Kids eat, stay, and play free.
Kids eat, stay, play free.
Kids educate other kids about poverty and hunger.
Kids email brief descriptions and share pictures of money, past and present, in their own countries.
Kids embrace a popular culture that crosses borders.
Kids emulate it.
Kids end up being big and pointy.
Kids end up in the hospital.
Kids end up playing in the street.
Kids end up tired and parents become exhausted from being up all night with the baby.
Kids engage in constructive play, and learn to perform research using the Web.
Kids engage in five activities, solve the puzzles, and free the special agents.
Kids enjoy a change of scenery, and like playing with different toys.
Kids enjoy a fun-filled schedule of pony rides, nature walks, crafts, and panning for gold.
Kids enjoy a good hunt.
Kids enjoy a wonderful playground and daily planned activities during the season.
Kids enjoy an early supervised meal.
Kids enjoy being around people like that.
Kids enjoy being involved in planning.
Kids enjoy both wet and dry sports.
Kids enjoy climbing on the rocks.
Kids enjoy coming to school, they have self-esteem, and they have a lot to work with.
Kids enjoy crafting anytime at all.
Kids enjoy creatures.
Kids enjoy eating their spaghetti or mac 'n cheese off a special dinoplate.
Kids enjoy experimenting with the variations.
Kids enjoy finding the different animals in the jungle pictures.
Kids enjoy foods that are easy and fun to eat.
Kids enjoy going to play in a game and practicing with their friends.
Kids enjoy going to school when they are young, but they begin to dread going when they are older.
Kids enjoy having an excuse to get dressed up and walk in the street.
Kids enjoy having some of the responsibility.
Kids enjoy it and enjoy finding and decoding their own ads.
Kids enjoy it and it changes lives.
Kids enjoy it fleetingly.
Kids enjoy it, quite loud so kids noise is muffled, good kids menu.
Kids enjoy it.
Kids enjoy kids.
Kids enjoy learning.
Kids enjoy living in brightly painted teepees.
Kids enjoy looking for patterns in the digits.
Kids enjoy making kites.
Kids enjoy making their own distinct shapes.
Kids enjoy our monthly fishing tournaments and crab races.
Kids enjoy painting pumpkins and exploring the spooky wonders of a haunted barn.
Kids enjoy periodic fun activity sessions throughout the year.
Kids enjoy play structure built by parent volunteers.
Kids enjoy playing down at the teepee.
Kids enjoy playing in the treehouse.
Kids enjoy playing the games, the music is catchy and the activites enjoyable and effective.
Kids enjoy playing with metal forms in a whole new way.
Kids enjoy portable ramps while Costa Mesa ponders a permanent facility.
Kids enjoy repetition when they can take pleasure in it.
Kids enjoy riding the horses.
Kids enjoy saving for special items with their very own account.
Kids enjoy the graphics of links to sites all over.
Kids enjoy the immediate gratification of aiming at and then hitting a target.
Kids enjoy the life-size dinosaur park at the head of the the parkway.
Kids enjoy the movement .
Kids enjoy the petting zoo, a chance to build their own bird feeder, and games.
Kids enjoy the playground area and safe sand swimming beach on the south shore.
Kids enjoy the practice while preparing for social situations in the future.
Kids enjoy the show and ask questions about the instruments musicians as well.
Kids enjoy the unique sounds of kangaroos, koala's and other animals unique to Australia.
Kids enjoy the variety of our styles in all seasons.
Kids enjoy the various entertainment theaters, as well as cinemas featuring all the latest movies.
Kids enjoy their chiropractic adjustments and literally run in to the chiropractor's office.
Kids enjoy unscrambling the wall puzzle and discovering African artifacts and specimens.
Kids enjoy usncrambling the wall puzzle and discovering African artifacts and specimens.
Kids enjoy washing and peeling fruits and vegetables.
Kids enjoy watching the buskers and a variety of outdoor entertainment.
Kids enter free of charge.
Kids enter imaginary worlds that include a jungle, tree house, circus, fairy tales and a toy store.
Kids especially are super stimulated.
Kids especially can get great exposure to the hobby while having an exciting time camping out.
Kids especially enjoy it.
Kids especially imitate adults who the children admire and look up to.
Kids especially love different shapes, whether baked or trimmed that way.
Kids especially love images of drugs and other drug paraphernalia.
Kids especially love it because they understand how they're being targeted.
Kids especially love ones that rhyme or have silly words or fanciful pictures.
Kids especially love riding a traghetto .
Kids especially love the restored trolley.
Kids especially love to see the knights in action.
Kids esteem themselves when they have accomplished something worth esteeming.
Kids even can do a few aerobatics while flying solo.
Kids even come up on stage and learn how easily they can do Home D cor and how much fun it is.
Kids even find out what it takes to become a rescue worker from a real paramedic.
Kids even get free lunch at Park City.
Kids even get the chance to star in mini television productions.
Kids even have their own pool at Beaches.
Kids even help each other.
Kids even learn about proper nutrition - a key component for avoiding complications as a diabetic.
Kids even learn tips on how to help save the rainforests.
Kids even learn to use a microscope.
Kids even leave school to look after the cattle.
Kids even like to sing some adult praise songs.
Kids even wear chef hats and aprons.
Kids everywhere are always the most enthusiastic but adults also show their admiration.
Kids everywhere begin cooking up batches in their bathtubs and selling it at cut-rate prices.
Kids everywhere love to see talented athletes open their eyes to the potentials of the disc.
Kids everywhere make a joyful sound.
Kids examine the consumer desires influenced by advertising.
Kids examine the myths and misconceptions about bats and discover why they are important in nature.
Kids exhibit skills.
Kids expect answers.
Kids expect arcade-quality animation and a graphical user interface.
Kids expect constant jokes from animated movies.
Kids expect stuff like that.
Kids expect to read instantly and are surprised to discover that real effort is needed.
Kids expend a lot of energy just being kids, and kids involved in sports expend even more.
Kids experience activities.
Kids experience colonial life through music, storytelling, hands-on activities.
Kids experience effects.
Kids experience good and bad days just like adults.
Kids experience healthy social interactions.
Kids experience ill effects.
Kids experimenting at home or at school have fun learning fundamentals of physical science.
Kids explain each stage of the life cycle of a butterfly.
Kids explain where the various items of hardware are.
Kids explore a clown's dressing room, play with the makeup and clown outfits.
Kids explore America's Japanese-American heritage.
Kids explore and learn at their own pace.
Kids explore animals, dust, butterflies, and more.
Kids explore body parts in Mat Says simply by moving the mouse over different parts of Mat.
Kids explore designs.
Kids explore environmental issues such as plants and animals and garbage and recycling.
Kids explore here at their own pace.
Kids explore physical expression, using a combination of dance and gymnastics.
Kids explore the animal world here in the exhibit room and during a hike on the trails.
Kids explore the house, school and park, as they search for clues.
Kids explore the idea of protective coloration as they search for eggs.
Kids explore the world of plants.
Kids explore tumbling, soccer, basketball and group games in a fun and noncompetitive environment.
Kids express interest.
Kids express themselves by dancing, playing instruments, and singing.
Kids externalize their symptoms easier than the adults.
Kids face a simple menu when they log on.
Kids face intense challenges today.
Kids face peer pressure in some form almost every day.
Kids face the camera and talk.
Kids face the same pattern of aftereffects adult experiencers do, but without the same options.
Kids face the same pressures and the same dangers here.
Kids face tough choices about alcohol and other drugs.
Kids face writer's block, too.
Kids fall asleep feeling safe and secure.
Kids fall asleep when their body temperatures drop.
Kids fall asleep with books in their hands nearly every night.
Kids fall in love.
Kids fall off the top, slide into obstacles at the bottom or burn tender skin on hot metal surfaces.
Kids FAQs .
Kids FAQs with information from the true parenting experts - parents themselves.
Kids fear for themselves at that school.
Kids features children's art activities, plus suggestions for books and art related products.
Kids feel all of that in their guts.
Kids feel awkward and uncomfortable.
Kids Feel comfortable with other children.
Kids feel compelled to take it out on somebody else.
Kids feel compelled to win or else.
Kids feel confident enough to express their opinions and to ask questions.
Kids feel creepy.
Kids feel differences.
Kids feel every move they're making is being watched.
Kids feel excited, scared.
Kids feel frightened and lonely today.
Kids feel good when they see how they can contribute to family life.
Kids feel great for hours on end, full of energy and creativity.
Kids feel great when they show off their artwork.
Kids feel less safe and secure.
Kids feel like they are practicing for adult jobs.
Kids feel open to talk and learn to make connections with people.
Kids feel pain in crisis.
Kids feel pressure to do well in school and to keep up with music lessons and other activities.
Kids feel safe writing e-mail messages or surfing the web from the comfort of their own homes.
Kids feel safer and more loved if the same rule applies all the time.
Kids feel secure knowing that someone is in charge.
Kids feel small and vulnerable much of the time and their feelings are hurt very easily.
Kids feel so anonymous in school.
Kids feel so much pressure to go to college.
Kids feel some sense of relief.
Kids feel the effects of that, because problems trickle down from the top.
Kids feel their own things burned.
Kids feel they can talk to their teachers.
Kids feel they have to do drugs in order to have fun.
Kids feel they're in a different world.
Kids feel they're in control of their own academic success.
Kids feel very important and confident having their own saddle.
Kids feeling equally close to both parents are more likely to make the drug-free decision.
Kids fight for different reasons and therefore different tactics apply.
Kids fight for lots of reasons.
Kids fight out of habit.
Kids fight over toys and one kid throws up.
Kids fight when one child feels slighted by the other.
Kids fight when they are bored.
Kids fight when they can get away with it.
Kids figure things out on their own.
Kids file out of Foster Auditorium dribbling basketballs.
Kids fill in drawings Seurat-style, using only small dots of paint.
Kids fill in the missing letters to spell lots of words.
Kids fill out a short form to request a free kids postcard.
Kids Fill out the online form.
Kids find all manner of fascinating, affordable hands-on toys here.
Kids Find classic and contemporary tales for kids of all ages.
Kids find comfort in knowing that if Merlin survived, maybe they can, too.
Kids find enjoyment in the simplest of things.
Kids Find fun things to do while on vacation in Aspen , Colorado .
Kids find homes.
Kids find it a simple way to let their folks know they've reached their destination.
Kids find it easier to write in textbooks to do the exercises.
Kids find it fun and exciting while adults find it fun and rewarding.
Kids find learning online fun and engaging.
Kids find loads of ways to find fun and adventure in Dallas.
Kids find logs to float on.
Kids find out about it from other kids.
Kids find out that they CAN trust their own feelings and believe in themselves.
Kids find out what success is all about in an approach that says everybody plays, everybody wins.
Kids find safety.
Kids find the activities in an art fair scene.
Kids find versions.
Kids finish more books and read more.
Kids First can help any legal guardian granted child support by a court.
Kids First can provide parents with a checklist of questions and things to look for in a caregiver.
Kids first click on a picture to hear the word in Spanish.
Kids fish it all the time.
Kids flip out, postal carriers flip out, serial killers seriously flip out.
Kids flip tiles on the gameboard to find matching pairs.
Kids flit back and forth in the green shadows.
Kids float 'em, adults collect 'em.
Kids float it across the lake.
Kids flock to the city.
Kids flourish when everyone has a computer but schools aren t spending enough to guarantee that.
Kids fly by, running from the squirt guns and threats of being thrown in the river.
Kids fly for free.
Kids fly free to Anaheim.
Kids follow a fascinating trail that leads from prehistoric lizards to Neanderthal man.
Kids follow along in their workbook as the cassette is played.
Kids follow mothers.
Kids forge their parent's signatures to get out of gym class.
Kids forge their parent's signatures to take extra gym classes.
Kids forget from time to time.
Kids forget to wash the dishes.
Kids forgive and forget much sooner then adults.
Kids form a natural community over the Net as they learn to plan and realize goals.
Kids Free online guide to activities and resources for families in the Washington, DC metro area.
Kids fullsleeves round neck top emphasized with delicate applique work at the front.
Kids gain benefit from learning alongside of teachers.
Kids gain confidence by learning to do something by themselves.
Kids gather at the barn to ride, clean, play games and learn about horses.
Kids gather for ballet class or hockey practice.
Kids gather for games, pumpkin decorating, refreshments and costume contests.
Kids gather from all over Japan to experience the making of their Home Page.
Kids gather tadpoles in the area and find endless games to play in the tall weeds.
Kids gawk from over stone wall.
Kids generally change positions in the field each inning.
Kids generally develop allergies in the preschool year and escalate toward asthma before age nine.
Kids generally help out in the kitchen at home.
Kids generally love fresh fruits, baby carrots and celery sticks.
Kids generally seem to enjoy rude characters.
Kids generally think it s both.
Kids get a break from the classroom and the chance to drive their parents straight to the rest home.
Kids get a certain amount of fat from dairy, meat and snack foods.
Kids get a chance to gain knowledge at a deeper more satisfying level.
Kids get a chance to play and read, and each child receives a free book.
Kids get a chance to vote, as well as to be president for a day.
Kids get a choice of five farm animals to illustrate their story.
Kids get a close-up view of the huge machines that grow and harvest crops.
Kids get a cool trilobite fossil as a gift.
Kids get a disjointed idea of what law enforcement is.
Kids get a fanny pack filled with crayons and other fun activities.
Kids get a free fun pack filled with things like crayons, coloring books and toys upon check-in.
Kids get a hands-on chance to learn about robots, space and other fascinating aspects of science.
Kids get a hands-on lesson in pizza making.
Kids get a head start since they are in the backseat.
Kids Get A Hearing.
Kids get a hold of guns and shoot up the playground.
Kids get a kick out of it.
Kids get a lot of bad press also unfortunate.
Kids get a lot of opportunity to improve their reading, writing, and speaking skills.
Kids get a lot out of it.
Kids get a membership card and a quarterly newsletter.
Kids get a project, a toy, and a classroom discussion topic all in one.
Kids get a rush from doing it.
Kids get a section all to themselves.
Kids get a small discount, while seniors and the disabled get a larger one.
Kids get a snack before starting, and some groups go on field trips.
Kids get a taste of responsibility.
Kids get a total picture.
Kids get a whole lot crazier there.
Kids get addicted easily, and the longer they wait, the harder it is to stop.
Kids get advice on selecting the right board, boots, and bindings, and wearing the right clothing.
Kids Get All Their 'Shots'.
Kids get an adult to help.
Kids get an essential educational foundation in kindergarten, first, and second grade.
Kids get an extra daily hug.
Kids get an extra days holiday from school.
Kids get an opportunity to care for livestock in order to build self-esteem.
Kids get around in the neighborhood, and they are the ones most likely to find unusual things.
Kids get as much individual attention as possible throughout the day.
Kids get better by talking about their writing and hearing what other have to say.
Kids get bored if they keep coming back to a site and it never changes.
Kids get bored too easily.
Kids get bored watching their fathers play baseball.
Kids get bored with the same thing day after day.
Kids get bored, young adults get bored, and then they move on to something else.
Kids get bored.
Kids get candy and a chance to meet local officers.
Kids get candy and chocolate in red wrapping.
Kids get chances.
Kids get clothes.
Kids get colds, and generally they are nothing to worry about.
Kids get colorful shovels and sand pails filled with goodies upon arrival.
Kids get conjunctivitis for different reasons.
Kids get crazy and punch the wall.
Kids get crazy with cool clay creations.
Kids get credit for being intelligent and savvy and able to make their own choices.
Kids get development.
Kids get dirty, and some protection of the pump is required.
Kids get discounts beginning at ten percent, depending on their age.
Kids get down on all fours and pretend they're dogs.
Kids get education from their parents and their schools.
Kids get enough of that at the movies.
Kids get excited and are full of expectations when the new school year approaches.
Kids get excited to see who they chose, and compare their results with their parents' choices.
Kids get excitement.
Kids get exercise and an increased sense of independence.
Kids get fake ids .
Kids get fevers.
Kids get free dough to play with while they wait for their pie.
Kids get free education, including college.
Kids get free hot chocolate and candy.
Kids get free tokens to play games and the amusement center gets free business.
Kids get free treats for returning foul balls.
Kids get fussy on long car trips.
Kids get good advice on how to study, including tips for using the Internet.
Kids get good nutrition.
Kids get great coaching, meet for regular practice sessions, and play in tournament games.
Kids get guns anyway, no matter what the law says.
Kids get healthy and happy playing real-reality games outside.
Kids get help with homework - searchable by subject or keyword.
Kids get high on the darndest things.
Kids get homes.
Kids get hungry quick, especially with the open energy of the great outdoors.
Kids get ideas.
Kids get in a rut.
Kids get in free.
Kids get in on the fun with garlic-themed face painting and balloon animals.
Kids get in the way of large car chases and seedy music.
Kids get in trouble for fighting, there's already rules in place.
Kids get in two lines.
Kids get injections.
Kids get into saying what s on their mind.
Kids get into the gaming action at the show.
Kids get into trouble because they have nothing to do and they re bored.
Kids get it and scrawl their names in it.
Kids get it right away.
Kids get it too.
Kids get it.
Kids get kind of focused sometimes when they hear sirens or fire engines or trucks go by.
Kids get language development.
Kids get little souvenirs of their trip.
Kids get lonelier, and parents get worried.
Kids get lonely for fellowship.
Kids get lonely when spending so many hours in the hospital or recuperating at home.
Kids get lonely with only adults around.
Kids get lots of buttons to press.
Kids get marching orders .
Kids get more out of cooking than just a meal.
Kids get more out.
Kids get mothers.
Kids get much to much propaganda posing as truth from corporations in the name of greed as it is.
Kids get necessary nutrients.
Kids get new house.
Kids get new sweatshirts.
Kids get noisy - take a social break.
Kids get nutrients.
Kids get nutrition.
Kids get on board the gospel train for music and bible lessons.
Kids get out of school.
Kids get points for killing people.
Kids get progressively deaf through listening to loud music in their walkman.
Kids get raging fevers when sick.
Kids get really excited about things.
Kids get report cards.
Kids get scarlet fevers.
Kids get shoes.
Kids get short shrift.
Kids get sick at daycare.
Kids get sick from too much bacteria in the water.
Kids get sick.
Kids get simple detailed answers to common science questions.
Kids get simple, detailed answers to common science questions.
Kids get so excited because it s about the real world.
Kids get so many viruses simply because there are so many viruses to get.
Kids get some effective basic skills practice while playing fun activities.
Kids get stuffy noses and instead of blowing let it run down their upper lip.
Kids get summer vacation.
Kids get teams.
Kids get that at school.
Kids get that invincible feeling about themselves.
Kids get that message loud and clear here.
Kids get the answers they deserve and a boost in confidence to face whatever challenges lie ahead.
Kids get the freedom and independence to shop at the coolest online merchants.
Kids get the idea that only adults can make real money.
Kids get the idea that violence is fun from all different types of media.
Kids get the opportunity to experience nature and learn about the scenic Lake Superior.
Kids get the opportunity to interact with students from all over the country.
Kids Get the Picture Changing the focus for kids at risk.
Kids get the shaft when it comes to having cool places to hang out after dark.
Kids get their faces painted like pirates as well as beads, gold coins and a souvenir pirate hat.
Kids get their information from each other.
Kids get their kicks on the sledding hill.
Kids get their parts ahead of time and are asked to come to the party dressed in character.
Kids get their picture taken with the jolly old elf.
Kids get their understanding through hands on learning.
Kids get their world view from their parents.
Kids get themselves off to school.
Kids get time.
Kids get tired of reading for points.
Kids get to contribute field observations from Alaska to Mexico.
Kids get to dress in costumes and go out in the streets and ask for candy at every house.
Kids get to enjoy a form of transport that's rare in Hawai'i.
Kids get to enjoy cartoons while learning their letters.
Kids get to feed their ladybugs and conduct gentle, fun experiments.
Kids get to feel what it is like to control a freight train at top speed.
Kids get to have all the fun.
Kids get to have input in the name of the group and the mission focus for the semester.
Kids get to know a variety of interesting adults.
Kids get to know each other.
Kids get to know other students in their grade level, county wide.
Kids get to live in their playclothes and nobody cares if they are dirty.
Kids get to make their own animated stories, and add chapter after chapter as inspiration hits.
Kids get to morph into something extraordinary, to fulfill their desires to be seen as adults.
Kids get to perform.
Kids get to play instruments while learning Chinese music.
Kids get to play with e-coloring book pages, and draw freestyle with paint tools.
Kids get to try on police uniforms and hats in front of a mirror.
Kids get to use it one hour a week.
Kids get to use their imagination and paint a keepsake ceramic piece all their own.
Kids get too much liberal brain washing in school as it is.
Kids get toys today with more computing power than the first lunar lander, and it's no big deal.
Kids get uneasy if they feel uncertain in their coaches.
Kids get uniforms.
Kids get up with the chickens.
Kids get vacation.
Kids get very excited when they hear that because they can change their lives in their stories.
Kids get very sleepy after lunch.
Kids get video games, scooters, or action figures.
Kids get wild.
Kids get yeast infections.
Kids gets two homes.
Kids give back to the community.
Kids give special treats to their pets.
Kids gives youngsters the chance to follow the action in the water.
Kids go away to college, join the service, marry and move.
Kids go bad, kids lose touch with reality, kids blow each other's heads off.
Kids Go Bats Over Bats .
Kids go camping.
Kids go exploring around the world and record their findings on-line.
Kids go for cookies.
Kids go for toasted bagels topped with peanut butter and bananas in a big way.
Kids go free.
Kids go from overdosing, to detox, to suicide, to jail in a single day.
Kids go from the top of the social ladder as fifth-graders to the bottom in sixth grade.
Kids go home with a bag lunch.
Kids go hungry, say new . . .
Kids go in bush when a war is on.
Kids go in just to talk.
Kids go insane and it's just awesome.
Kids go inside and wash hands at sink while humming lead police song.
Kids go into the stall, brush the coat and tail.
Kids go off to camp with no other expectation than having fun.
Kids go on adventures.
Kids go one way and adults another.
Kids go out and play and teachers had tea and coffee cake.
Kids go out every single night.
Kids go see movies two or three times instead of once.
Kids go see some relatives with their father and take candles to the grave yard.
Kids go skating and bowling, and the pool halls where there is smoking.
Kids go sledding, do arts and crafts, puppet shows, story time, videos and more.
Kids go spelunking in the kid safe links or caverns of the web.
Kids go there every snack recess.
Kids go through afterward to pull what's left.
Kids go through phases.
Kids go through quick growth spurts sometimes growing three to six inches taller in one year.
Kids go through stages.
Kids go to a farm in Hokkaido to make cheese.
Kids go to a soccer game for an hour, and someone brings a snack.
Kids go to beds.
Kids go to big game.
Kids go to daycare.
Kids go to different schools nearby for their education.
Kids go to high schools.
Kids go to PSU for a lot of reasons.
Kids go to school every day, every day.
Kids go to school to learn how to behave in society.
Kids go to school.
Kids go to schools because of facilities, coaches and academic reputations.
Kids go to schools.
Kids go to the gymnasium three days a week to do some neuralgic exercises.
Kids go to the museum to learn about making art and about careers in art.
Kids go to the museum, the zoo, the farm, and a lot more.
Kids go to the same school.
Kids Go Too.
Kids go up there in the hills.
Kids go wild when there's a celestial event like a comet or meteor shower.
Kids going treat and tricking.
Kids grab an ukulele, play a reggae song.
Kids grab their buckets and head for the nearest vines, thick with fruit.
Kids grab their sleds and snowmobiles and head out into the winter wonderland.
Kids graduate the fall of entering first grade.
Kids greeting cards bring on smiles.
Kids grieve too.
Kids grow and change so fast, so taking lots of photos is important.
Kids grow and equipment needs change as skill levels improve.
Kids grow and mature at a different pace.
Kids grow at different rates and get their permanent teeth at different times.
Kids grow for short periods and then go into a lag stage.
Kids grow in their faith.
Kids grow into adults.
Kids grow into attractive men.
Kids grow into attractive young men.
Kids grow into men.
Kids grow into young men.
Kids grow only short buttons up to one inch long during their first fall.
Kids grow out of their rooms as fast as they do their clothes.
Kids grow so fast that they often outgrow things like shoes well before they're worn out.
Kids grow so fast.
Kids grow some plants from seed.
Kids grow up and away.
Kids grow up and dogs grow old.
Kids grow up and leave home.
Kids grow up fast enough, the adults say.
Kids grow up fast, and most parents feel like they are constantly buying new sizes.
Kids grow up fast.
Kids grow up faster.
Kids grow up feeling like they are part of a safe, vibrant community.
Kids grow up in broken homes, look for easy money, get into trouble with the law.
Kids grow up in environments.
Kids grow up in rotten homes and come out good, and they come up in good homes and come out bad.
Kids grow up in southwest Missouri.
Kids grow up intelligently, yaar.
Kids grow up more ambitious than absurd.
Kids grow up much faster nowadays.
Kids grow up quickly.
Kids grow up so fast.
Kids grow up so quickly.
Kids grow up today wanting an easy way out of everything.
Kids grow up way too fast.
Kids grow up with new technology and simply treat it as a given.
Kids grow up with their grandparents and then watch their grandchildren do the same.
Kids grow up, move out, the dogs move in.
Kids grow up, they become more aware of their situations, their family dynamics and they change.
Kids grow up.
Kids grow, they make up their own minds about religion.
Kids growing up and going off to college so mommy and daddy can play.
Kids growing up in some parts of Venice, Calif., have it tough.
Kids growing up in some parts of Venice, California have it tough.
Kids guide to environmental laws.
Kids hack because they think it's cool and to gain personal recognition and prestige.
Kids hang around a pizza place.
Kids hang out and party.
Kids hang out there after school.
Kids has a wonderful selection of leopard photos that can be used for desktop wallpaper.
Kids has an interactive timeline featuring facts about great inventions throughout history.
Kids has so much that they give to grown ups with out knowning it.
Kids has tips on saving money and destination reports.
Kids hate being lectured to.
Kids hate boredom.
Kids hate brussel sprouts.
Kids hate curfew . . .
Kids hate 'em.
Kids hate going to school as it is.
Kids hate hospitals.
Kids hate it, but they get over it.
Kids hate it.
Kids hate museums.
Kids hate people with white coats.
Kids hate that.
Kids hate to be bored.
Kids have (part) arms.
Kids have (part) baby teeth.
Kids have (part) body substances.
Kids have (part) cell membranes.
Kids have (part) cells.
Kids have (part) child's bodies.
Kids have (part) corpi.
Kids have (part) cytoplasm.
Kids have (part) heads.
Kids have (part) legs.
Kids have (part) milk teeth.
Kids have (part) necks.
Kids have (part) nuclei.
Kids have (part) personality.
Kids have (part) plasma membranes.
Kids have (part) sections.
Kids have (part) vacuoles.
Kids have a ball .
Kids have a ball with sticky hands.
Kids have a blast learning a wide range of self-defense ideas, with conflict being the key element.
Kids have a chance to win art supplies or just have fun with a colouring book.
Kids have a curfew.
Kids have a different slant than adults.
Kids have a fun night out show.
Kids have a great deal of influence on their parents.
Kids have a great imagination.
Kids have a great time at our concerts.
Kids have a great time fishing off the docks.
Kids have a great time.
Kids have a hard time believing that that's the way it was.
Kids have a large amount of energy.
Kids have a lot of choices when it comes to activity and exercise .
Kids have a lot of questions about sex.
Kids have a lot of questions, and libraries have a lot of answers.
Kids have a lot of weird energy that they've gotta get out.
Kids have a lot to say about censorship.
Kids have a lot to worry about in today's world and sports are just a small aspect.
Kids have a low tolerance to cold.
Kids have a mind of their own.
Kids have a much shorter attention span.
Kids have a natural sense of justice.
Kids have a number of programs to choose from.
Kids have a peer for company.
Kids have a place at the Swamp Fox Festival Run too.
Kids have a place to show the world that they can be ladies and gentlemen.
Kids have a reading terrace for storytime, book time, or just plain fun time.
Kids have a right and a duty to be so.
Kids have a right to feel comfortable in the bathroom.
Kids have a separate menu and can choose their favorite pasta dishes at a reduced price.
Kids have a short attention span.
Kids have a simple thought process.
Kids have a sort of power envy.
Kids have a special affinity for animals.
Kids have a special job to do.
Kids have a special wisdom which comes from their fresh perspective.
Kids have a staggering breadth of material readily available online.
Kids have a strong influence over their parents' online habits and purchases.
Kids have a tendency of putting toys in it, stuffed animals.
Kids have a tendency to do that.
Kids have a tendency to want to battle their opponents instead of worrying about themselves.
Kids have a totally different relationship with technology.
Kids have a very active imagination.
Kids have a very direct and concrete relationship with the environment.
Kids have a very short concentration span compared to high school and older age groups.
Kids have a way of doing that.
Kids have a way of drawing closer and making up for things like that.
Kids have a way of finding interest in the ickiest things.
Kids have a way of finding their own entertainment.
Kids have a way of finding things out.
Kids have a way of knowing how much information they can handle at any given time.
Kids have a way of outgrowing things, and it's cheaper to wash more and buy less.
Kids have a way of saying things that are to the point, yet often funny at the same time.
Kids have ability.
Kids have access to the leagues, which feed into tournament play.
Kids have adult-size problems.
Kids have all that open space to play.
Kids have almost universally negative attitudes toward smoking and drinking until sixth grade.
Kids have alot of new activities going on all the time.
Kids have an amazing ability to comprehend such seemingly difficult topics as business.
Kids have an amazing amount of disposable income.
Kids have an amazing capacity to cope, and treatments are constantly improving.
Kids have an easel to draw pictures on.
Kids have an effect on everybody.
Kids have an endless curiosity and willingness to learn.
Kids have an incredible ability to transcend barriers and communicate without language.
Kids have an innate sense of fairness, and are quick to spot injustices, real and imagined.
Kids have an opportunity to participate in grooming and helping to saddle-up their favorite horses.
Kids have an uncanny way of damaging or losing whatever they touch.
Kids have an uncanny way of picking up on how important something is to their parents.
Kids have and open and unpretentious nature.
Kids have anonymous access to internet offerings.
Kids have appetite.
Kids have battery life.
Kids have behavior.
Kids have big dreams and great ideas.
Kids have birthdays throughout the year, and the shelter staff like to give presents then.
Kids have boxes at the entrance to change their shoes.
Kids have capacity.
Kids have cereals.
Kids have chances.
Kids have cognitive performance.
Kids have concepts.
Kids have contact.
Kids have curiosities.
Kids have different builds, appetites, metabolisms.
Kids have different needs and different expectations.
Kids have different screams just like babies have different cries.
Kids have different values.
Kids have doubt.
